CONTENTS
 Corporate Information 2
 Chairman’s Statement 3
 Management Discussion and Analysis 6
 Directors’ Report 25
 Biographical Information of Directors and Senior Management 64
 Corporate Governance Report 68
 Risk Management and Internal Control 81
 Environmental, Social and Governance Report 90
 Independent Auditor’s Report 109
 Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss 115
 Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income 116
 Consolidated Statement of Financial Position 117
 Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity 119
 Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows 121
 Notes to Financial Statements 124
 Financial Summary 230
02   ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2021 Annual Report




     CORPORATE INFORMATION

     BOARD OF DIRECTORS                                                 REGISTERED OFFICE
                                                                        Victoria Place
     Executive Directors                                                5th Floor
     Mr. ZHU Shunyan                                                    31 Victoria Street
       (Chairman and Chief Executive Officer)                           Hamilton HM 10
     Mr. TU Yanwu                                                       Bermuda

     Non-executive Directors                                            PRINCIPAL PLACE OF BUSINESS IN HONG KONG
     Mr. WU Yongming                                                    26/F, Tower One
     Mr. XU Hong                                                        Times Square
                                                                        1 Matheson Street
     Independent Non-executive Directors                                Causeway Bay
     Mr. LUO Tong                                                       Hong Kong
     Mr. WONG King On, Samuel
     Ms. HUANG Yi Fei (Vanessa)                                         PRINCIPAL PLACE OF BUSINESS IN PRC
                                                                        17th Floor, Building B, Greenland Center
     Audit Committee                                                    Hong Tai Dong Jie, Wangjing
     Mr. WONG King On, Samuel (Chairman)                                Chaoyang District, Beijing
     Mr. LUO Tong
     Ms. HUANG Yi Fei (Vanessa)                                         PRINCIPAL SHARE REGISTRAR (IN BERMUDA)
                                                                        Ocorian Management (Bermuda) Ltd.
     Remuneration Committee                                             Canon’s Court
     Ms. HUANG Yi Fei (Vanessa) (Chairman)                              22 Victoria Street
     Mr. WU Yongming                                                    Hamilton HM 12
     Mr. WONG King On, Samuel                                           Bermuda

     Nomination Committee                                               BRANCH SHARE REGISTRAR (IN HONG KONG)
     Mr. ZHU Shunyan (Chairman)                                         Tricor Secretaries Limited
     Mr. LUO Tong                                                       Level 54, Hopewell Centre
     Mr. WONG King On, Samuel                                           183 Queen’s Road East
                                                                        Hong Kong
     AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVES
     Mr. ZHU Shunyan                                                    PRINCIPAL BANKERS
     Ms. LEE Wai Yan Vivian                                             China CITIC Bank International Limited
                                                                        The Hongkong and Shanghai Banking Corporation
     COMPANY SECRETARY
                                                                        Limited
     Ms. LEE Wai Yan Vivian
                                                                        China Merchants Bank Co., Ltd.
                                                                        Bank of Ningbo Co., Ltd.
     LEGAL ADVISOR
                                                                        JPMorgan Chase Bank
     H. M. Chan & Co in association with Taylor Wessing
                                                                        Agricultural Bank of China

     AUDITOR
                                                                        COMPANY WEBSITE
     Ernst & Young
                                                                        www.irasia.com/listco/hk/alihealth/
     Certified Public Accountants
                                                               ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2021 Annual Report   03




                                                                       CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT

Dear fellow shareholders,

2020 and its many challenges will forever be engraved into human history. The importance of public health and
safety has been deeply embedded into our society due to the persistent and repeated outbreak of COVID-19
throughout the year. Public awareness of virus prevention has gradually increased during this time and our
healthcare and personal hygiene habits have also evolved. As a result, humankind has gained a deeper
understanding and appreciation regarding the concepts of medical care, disease prevention, and healthy lifestyle. This
year, “pandemic-fighting”, “public health”, “healthy living” have all been written into the corporate DNA of Alibaba
Health Information Technology Limited (the “Company” or “Alibaba Health”, together with its subsidiaries, the
“Group”). We firmly believe that having weathered the pandemic, Alibaba Health is now at the forefront of the
upsurging “Internet + Healthcare” industry.

As the country kicks off “The Fourteenth Five-Year Plan,” 2021 has presented an abundance of opportunities for the
“Internet + Healthcare” industry. Sparked initially by changes in personal health habits, government initiatives to
“Develop and Build a Healthy China” and recent advancements in life sciences such as mRNA vaccines, CRISPR
gene editing, and AI protein-structure predictions have further accelerated industry development. Rising expectations
of quality healthcare services stemmed from elevated living standards have also fueled demands for transformation.
As the vanguard of the “Internet + Healthcare” industry that regards well-being of every person as core mission, we
are fully aware of the challenges and responsibilities we face, namely the extremely high threshold of
commercialization in life sciences and the substantial joint efforts required to transform the massive healthcare
industry. In an industry for which life is of paramount importance, we must be patient, meticulous and humble as we
develop each new product and new business model.

However, it is our belief that the future of “Internet + Healthcare” is not limited to pharmaceutical e-commerce and
online consultations. Instead, as we have been given the important responsibility of promoting the development of a
healthy China, our vision expands to a new era of “Internet + prevention + treatment + protection.” The digitization
efforts are not confined to services rendered within the hospital but should also include the broader scope of
“Internet + in-hospital + out-of-hospital” to provide seamless transition along the patient’s entire healthcare journey.
Ultimately, perfecting the traditional trifecta of “medical, pharmaceutical, and insurance” services is insufficient; we
must leverage expertise in Internet and digital technology to boost advancements in life sciences. Together, Internet
technology and life sciences will drive our success in achieving the great cause of building a healthy China.

In the past year, our determination to use the Internet to better serve medical and healthcare needs has only grown
stronger. As a technology innovation company with deep roots in the Internet, Alibaba Health’s capabilities and
resources are naturally geared towards leveraging the prowess of Internet and digital technology to solve four major
challenges our ecosystem partners in the broader medical and healthcare industry are facing. In the past few years,
we have overcome the challenge of poor accessibility to authentic and quality drugs through “Internet e-commerce
platform + medicine service.” We have undertaken measures and services including the establishment of a strict
e-commerce merchant management system, an efficient and compliant GSP drug storage and distribution supply
chain, comprehensive drug quality track and trace capabilities, a rigorous AI drug safety system, along with a fully
compliant protocol for pharmacist consultations and prescription refills. The initiatives have elevated both Tmall’s
Pharmaceutical Platform and the pharmaceutical direct sales business of Alibaba Health Pharmacy, enabling citizens
nationwide to purchase authentic, quality drugs from Tmall anytime, anywhere. As a result, the gross merchandize
value (GMV) of Tmall’s Pharmaceutical Platform reached RMB123.2 billion, capturing an active platform user count of
280 million for the past fiscal year, and the pharmaceutical direct sales business has also achieved a revenue of
RMB13,216.3 million. Alibaba Health has become the largest pharmaceutical and healthcare products service
platform, as well as the largest online medicine retailer in China in terms of drug sales amount.
04   ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2021 Annual Report




     CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT


     While we upgraded the “Internet + Healthcare” industry, we also took a new, major step to combat the challenge of
     information asymmetry through the building of “Internet medical information community + pharmaceutical services”
     last year. Information asymmetry between individual patients and medical service providers that exists in the
     healthcare industry is the most severe among all industries. In China, nearly 50 million medical-related online
     searches are performed each day. Yet, the information available and existing consultation services are unable to
     adequately address the healthcare issues behind this massive amount of inquiries. Last September, we officially
     launched the “Dr. Deer” APP as the first stop for all customers’ healthcare needs through the construction of an
     Internet medical information community to fill the citizens’ knowledge gap. In addition, Internet and digital technology
     enable us to progressively transform the contract fulfillment and customer feedback stages of traditional
     neighborhood healthcare in order to progressively realize a new and complete service environment built upon the
     concept of “Internet medical information community + pharmaceutical services.” After piloting this initiative for six
     months, we were able to achieve a monthly active user count of 1 million on the “Dr. Deer” APP in the last month of
     fiscal year 2021 without resorting to regular traffic promotional tactics to boost growth in the number of Internet
     online-users, laying a strong foundation for future growth. In the past fiscal year, Alipay’s healthcare channel, which
     is operated by Alibaba Health, has also reached an annual active user count of 520 million, representing an
     extensive base for the medical information community that we are currently building.

     We are also fully aware that digital transformation of the healthcare industry is critical for solving challenges in service
     accessibility and information asymmetry. Currently, a large number of HIS, electronic health record, smart health,
     medical AI, and medical big data solution providers have continuously invested and explored in this area. However,
     due to the sheer size, complexity, and level of prudence required for the medical services network, the digital
     transformation of and connectivity within the industry remain huge challenges. Therefore, Alibaba Health will focus on
     areas unsolved by the ecosystem partners, starting from the groundwork such as building a medical knowledge
     graph, to develop a better integrated solution for the entire industry.

     Aside from this, the rising demand for self-paid healthcare, which grew along with increased disposable income, also
     faced the limitation of inadequate innovative payment protection, calling for innovation in commercial medical and
     health insurance products. We believe that a large-scale Internet platform providing comprehensive medical services
     is the perfect breeding ground for innovations in commercial medical and health insurance products. This is also
     Alibaba Health’s clear direction on exploring the reform of the medical and healthcare industry going forward.

     Staying true to our mission, Alibaba Health has revamped our strategy in the past year: “We shall regard the health
     and well-being manager of each household as our core customers and build upon principles of ‘good medicines,
     renowned doctors and assurance’ in order to become the most reliable and affordable healthcare service platform.”
     We will harness the power of the Internet and digital technology to practically solve the four major challenges:
     asymmetry of medical information, accessibility of medical and pharmaceutical services, digital transformation of the
     healthcare industry, and the cost of self-paid healthcare services and protection. We firmly believe that reliability and
     affordability are paramount to the success of “Internet + Healthcare” and integral to our strategy. As a digital-native
     company, we will always place customer value first and foremost in everything we do. We believe that both business
     models and technological solutions are only means to serve our customers but not the ultimate objective. We must
     consider the holistic needs of our customers in the context of “Internet + Healthcare” and humbly exchange
     knowledge with our partnering physicians, medical facilities, pharmaceutical companies, offline pharmacies,
     pharmaceutical distributors, and regulatory authorities in order to truly provide customers around the country with
     high quality healthcare services.
                                                                 ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2021 Annual Report   05




                                                                                              CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT


We are confident that, with our relentless effort and focus in the next decade and beyond, Alibaba Health will
become the “professional caretaker of every person and his/her family”. With Internet and life sciences technology,
Alibaba Health is able to engage in users’ health at an early stage and, through the Group’s platforms, improve their
quality of life through “early prevention, early examination, early detection, and early treatment” in order to fulfill our
mission in promoting healthy living of 120 years for everyone.




ZHU Shunyan
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

May 25, 2021
06   ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2021 Annual Report




     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

     BUSINESS REVIEW

     The unexpected outbreak of COVID-19 in 2020 brought about profound socioeconomic impact and lifestyle changes.
     Public awareness regarding viral infections and the resulting measures to boost physical fitness and prevent diseases
     have been on the rise due to the pandemic. A higher percentage of healthcare services have been consumed via
     online channels due to social distancing and other restrictions. Regulatory agencies and local governments have also
     established a series of policies to incentivize growth of the digital healthcare industry. In May 2020, national health
     insurance coverage was extended to first-time online medical consultation as part of the implementation plan to
     foster the development of new economic activities centered around “Cloud Migration, Digital Transformation,
     Intelligence Enablement” as outlined by the National Development and Reform Commission (“NDRC”). Subsequently,
     further health insurance coverage to include online follow-up consultations has also been approved as detailed in the
     “Implementation Opinions on Further Optimizing the Business Environment and Better Serving Market Entities”^ (關於
     進一步優化營商環境更好服務市場主體的實施意見) issued by the General Office of the State Council in July as well
     as the “Work Plan for Expanding Domestic Demand and Promoting Consumption in the Near Future”^ (近期擴內需促
     消費的工作方案) published in October jointly by 14 ministries including the NDRC and the Ministry of Industry and
     Information Technology. Furthermore, the National Healthcare Security Administration issued the “Guiding Opinions on
     Actively Promoting Medical Insurance Payment for “Internet+” Medical Services”^ (關於積極推進「互聯網+」醫療服務
     醫保支付工作的指導意見) regarding the insurance coverage, reimbursement, settlement, and fund management of the
     new “Internet+” healthcare services in November, thereby further clarifying the support for and regulated management
     of the “Internet+” healthcare industry. Industry development and innovation continue to accelerate due to robust
     demand and supportive public health policies. By following closely and adapting to policy changes and economic
     conditions, all business segments of the Company have been able to maintain rapid growth.

     During the year ended March 31, 2021 (the “Reporting Period”), the total revenue of the Group has reached
     RMB15,518.5 million, representing a significant increase of 61.7% year-on-year. During the Reporting Period, the
     Group attained a GMV of RMB123.2 billion for medical and healthcare products sold via Tmall’s Pharmaceutical
     Platform, representing a 47.5% growth year-on-year. Alibaba Health’s pharmaceutical direct sales business achieved
     revenue of RMB13,216.3 million, with the revenue from drugs generated from the pharmaceutical direct sales
     business under the brand of “Alibaba Health” accounted for 64.8% of the revenue of the business. As at March 31,
     2021, the number of annual active users has exceeded 280 million on Tmall’s Pharmaceutical Platform while Alipay
     healthcare channel as a whole reached over 520 million annual active users for the year. Whether by the size of the
     user base, the platform’s GMV of medical and healthcare products, or the value of professional pharmaceutical
     services provided to consumers from the direct sales business, Alibaba Health is now the largest pharmaceutical and
     healthcare products service platform, as well as the largest online medicine retailer in China in terms of drug sales
     amount. To meet the rising demand of Internet healthcare, Alibaba Health has continued to expand the scope of its
     pharmaceutical business while adopting the latest artificial intelligence (“AI”) drug safety system and transparent
     laboratory engineering (authorized and issued by national quality inspection report) to ensure strict quality control and
     the safe use of its products. From the supply chain perspective, the Group is quickly scaling up the next-day delivery
     service and related logistics capabilities such as deploying direct-to-patient (“DTP”) model with cold chain in order to
     support patients with more urgent needs. In particular, 50.1% direct sales medication is now delivered within 24
     hours of order placement, up from 34.9% for the corresponding period last year.
                                                                ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2021 Annual Report   07




                                                                     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


During the Reporting Period, the Group has also tirelessly raised both the quality and the accessibility of our
healthcare services. Booking services of COVID-19 nucleic acid tests have been administered through the Group’s
platforms to residents in 180 cities. Using our vaccine service platform, our proprietary “Dr. Deer” APP has helped
with vaccine delivery to its users to provide childhood, adult, and scarce vaccines. In addition, a pediatric center has
also been established as part of “Dr. Deer” APP, enabling experts at Class III Grade A hospitals nationwide to
respond, on average, within 30 minutes and to conduct post-care follow-up via telephone within 48 hours.
Furthermore, the search for new disruptive business models to satisfy our diverse customer demands has also led to
a new charitable partnership with Dr. Zhang Wenhong through the “Lan Nong Charity Fund”^ (藍農公益基金) to
establish an online platform for fighting multiple drug-resistant tuberculosis (“MDR-TB”).

As the flagship healthcare platform for Alibaba Group Holding Limited (“Alibaba Holding”, together with its
subsidiaries, “Alibaba Group”), the Group’s unwavering commitment to the mission of “promoting healthy living of 120
years for everyone” continues to propel our leadership position in the industry through solidifying existing business
ventures and developing new service models centered on the evolving needs of our customers. The ultimate goal of
Alibaba Health is to use 10 years, 20 years of hard work to build the largest, most complete healthcare
infrastructure in China so that Alibaba Health can become the “professional caretaker of every person and his/her
family”. By utilizing Alibaba Health’s comprehensive suite of digital healthcare products and services, the Group is
able to engage in our users’ health at an early stage and through the Group’s platforms, improve their quality of life
through “early prevention, early examination, early detection, and early treatment”. To achieve this goal, the Group is
committed to supporting the management of household well-being through a reliable and affordable healthcare
platform built on the principle of “good medicines, renowned doctors and assurance.”

Pharmaceutical E-commerce Business

Alibaba Health’s customer-centric pharmaceutical e-commerce business is an omnichannel venture powered by the
latest technologies such as Internet and Internet of Things. Through a combination of pharmaceutical direct sales
business, Tmall’s Pharmaceutical Platform, and the new retail model, Alibaba Health continues to expand its
collaboration with high-quality brands, pharmaceutical, nutritional, and healthcare products and medical device
manufacturers, as well as key domestic pharmaceutical distributors to provide an integrated pharmaceutical service
platform which helps consumers transition seamlessly between online and offline healthcare services to meet their
needs. During the Reporting Period, the Group has achieved a revenue of RMB15,181.5 million for its
pharmaceutical e-commerce business, an increase of 63.2% year-on-year, product categories also grew to over 33
million unique stock keeping units (“SKUs”) available via the e-commerce platform. The revenue from drugs
generated from the pharmaceutical direct sales business under the brand of “Alibaba Health” increased by 86.1%
year-on-year, accounting for 64.8% of the revenue of the business.
08   ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2021 Annual Report




     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


     •     Pharmaceutical Direct Sales Business

           Adhering to the motto of “Comprehensive and Safer”, customers are offered a wide range of prescription
           drugs, OTC drugs, nutritional supplements, medical devices, contact lenses, and various other health-related
           products with rigorous quality control through its well-developed online platform for direct sales of drugs. In
           addition, extra effort is also dedicated to crafting an optimized customer experience throughout the sales and
           after-sales protection. During the Reporting Period, driven by the Group’s operational efficiency and brand
           equity, as well as efficient execution, the pharmaceutical direct sales business achieved a revenue of
           RMB13,216.3 million, representing a year-on-year increase of 62.5%. Specifically, the revenue from drugs
           generated from the pharmaceutical direct sales business under the brand of “Alibaba Health” increased by
           86.1% year-on-year, accounting for 64.8% of the revenue of the business. As at March 31, 2021, the number
           of annual active users (those who made one or more actual purchase(s) on our direct online stores in the past
           12 months) of the direct online stores has reached 81 million.

           During the Reporting Period, capitalizing on our strong supply chain capabilities, the pharmaceutical direct sales
           business engaged in in-depth cooperation with hundreds of recognized pharmaceutical companies to enable
           them to reach their respective target markets, seek and unlock new opportunities and directions for brand
           growth and bring new development opportunities to these companies through professional digital marketing.
           Furthermore, the Group is constantly enhancing its supporting infrastructure and service capabilities in
           customer service, warehousing, logistics, and quality control in order to obtain significant operational
           improvements. To elevate customer experience, continuous iterations are performed to perfect service
           processes and products. The consultation-to-sales conversion rate for direct sales products continues to
           increase as the service efficiency improves with a sizeable reduction in manual customer support requests. For
           warehousing and logistics, the Group has built a delivery network consisting of nine warehouses in seven
           different locations to enable next-day drug delivery in 100 core cities, significantly raising the next-day delivery
           product portfolio to 50.1% of the pharmaceutical products sales as compared with only 34.9% for the
           corresponding period last year. Cold chain storage and DTP distribution capabilities have also addressed the
           accessibility issue faced by patients requiring new specialty medications. As the pharmaceutical direct sales
           business expanded, the Group’s quality control investment also grew to include latest AI drug safety system,
           free drug use consultation, insurance on authenticated drug purchase, transparent laboratories, end-to-end
           traceability and other measures to ensure the integrity and safe use of all medical products.

           Moreover, to realize effective care for chronically ill patients, the Group has continued to invest in the “Chronic
           Disease Welfare Program”^ (慢病福利計劃). This program offers chronically ill patients a full suite of care
           services including discounted medicine, dedicated medical staff, tele-care follow-up services, patient education,
           and after-sales support. These measures have improved the customer experience as evidenced by a 24%
           year-on-year increase in the average platform drug use duration as well as rising repeat purchase rate during
           the Reporting Period. To bring more convenience and assurance to the customers, in the pharmaceutical direct
           sales business, the Group has also established new partnerships during the Reporting Period with other
           Alibaba Group businesses such as Ele.me and Kaola to offer more purchasing and delivery options. The Group
           also collaborated with the Ant Group to offer high-quality and affordable medication to those under Ant’s
           mutual insurance plans to meet the demands arising from the growing customer healthcare awareness and
           expectations.
                                                               ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2021 Annual Report   09




                                                                    MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


•   Pharmaceutical E-commerce Platform Business — Tmall’s Pharmaceutical Platform

    Alibaba Health’s secure and reliable pharmaceutical and healthcare products service platform is now the most
    comprehensive (based on number of SKUs of pharmaceutical and healthcare products) as well as the largest
    (based on GMV) in China. During the Reporting Period, Tmall’s Pharmaceutical Platform operated by Alibaba
    Health continues to benefit from economies of scale, with a GMV of RMB123.2 billion, which is an increase of
    47.5% year-on-year. As at March 31, 2021, the number of annual active users (those who made one or more
    actual purchase(s) on Tmall’s Pharmaceutical Platform in the past 12 months) on Tmall’s Pharmaceutical
    Platform has surpassed 280 million, representing a 90 million increase year-on-year. Tmall’s Pharmaceutical
    Platform has now served over 23,000 merchants, an 8,000 increase year-on-year, and features over 33 million
    SKUs in its inventory.

•   Pharmaceutical E-commerce Platform Business — New Retail Model

    Leveraging on our strong foundation in both healthcare and consumer retail, the Group has continued to
    explore new strategies and improved methods to bring quality healthcare products to the market. As at March
    31, 2021, the “non-stop, 24/7 30-minute delivery” service has been rolled out to around 30 cities including
    Beijing, Shanghai, Guangzhou, Shenzhen, Hangzhou, Wuhan, Jinan and Xi’an. Customers in over 300 cities
    now enjoy 1-hour “urgent drug delivery” service to support immediate needs. The coverage area for these
    expedited services continues to grow nationwide.

    Through in-depth joint efforts with Internet hospitals and offline pharmacies, Alibaba Health is piloting a
    multimodal online pharmacy with direct insurance billing. This is a complete offering that connects
    pharmaceutical, medical, and insurance services in a seamless closed-loop shopping experience. Leveraging on
    our previous accumulated operational experiences and capabilities, the Group will continue to improve
    compliance system of online consultations and electronic prescriptions, thereby enabling the Group to provide
    whole-value-chain services including online follow-up, prescription refill, and drug distribution to satisfy relevant
    standards and regulations on the basis of integrated supervision. This firm commitment towards sustainable
    business innovation and growth will ultimately lead to more accessible and higher quality medical services for
    the public.
10   ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2021 Annual Report




     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


     Medical and Healthcare Services Business

     During the Reporting Period, the Group continued to cultivate its expertise and offerings in the “Internet +
     Healthcare” sector. An online “Dr. Deer APP + Alipay healthcare channel” platform was created to complement and
     integrate neighborhood healthcare services including vaccination, physical exam, nucleic acid testing, and nursing to
     provide diversified, multi-layered and seamless online-to-offline transition of appropriate, convenient and high-quality
     healthcare services to customers coming from all channels, including Taobao, Tmall, Alipay, “Dr. Deer” APP, and
     Quark Search. The combination of medical knowledge, vaccine service, mutual support groups and other methods
     has shaped the “Dr. Deer APP + Alipay healthcare channel” online platform into a reliable Internet medical and health
     information community. Through several service portals such as “Dr. Deer” APP, Alibaba Health Pharmacy, Tmall’s
     Pharmaceutical Platform, and Alipay healthcare channel, patients with milder conditions gain access to the complete
     solution with intuitive search, analysis, consultation, prescription and purchase functionalities. Patients with more
     severe conditions may also conduct online searches; explore medical science information; conduct appointment,
     registration, and consultation booking; arrange offline doctor visits, seek treatment and rehabilitation through these
     portals. In essence, all users may access the full suite of medical knowledge information and integrated services
     such as prevention, protection, vaccination, physical examination, and nursing to enjoy this convenient, one-stop
     health solution. As at March 31, 2021, nearly 60,000 licensed physicians, pharmacists, and nutritionists have
     contracted with the Group to provide online consultations, up by nearly 18,000 compared with the same period last
     year. Among these contracted physicians, over 46,000 are experienced attending, associate chief, and chief doctors.
     As at March 31, 2021, online consultation services have exceeded an average of 180,000 consultations per day.
     During the Reporting Period, the GMV generated by the medical and healthcare services from various terminals grew
     rapidly. However, the revenue from the medical and healthcare services business increased by 12.4% year-on-year to
     RMB284.1 million as a result of the impact of switching from direct sales to platform of certain businesses.

     •     “Dr. Deer” APP

           The Group launched the standalone “Dr. Deer” APP for medical and healthcare services in September 2020 to
           better serve customers during the pandemic. Since its inception, “Dr. Deer” APP has been positioned as the
           first stop for all customers’ healthcare needs. Further investments have been made to constantly upgrade
           “Dr. Deer” APP, enabling more precise and comprehensive services for medical content search; appointment
           booking for services such as online consultation, vaccination, and physical exams; as well as allowing
           post-exam reporting and drug delivery. On top of that, “Dr. Deer” APP has been continuously accumulating
           and enriching premium and professional medical information. Through technological and model innovation, it has
           since evolved into a multi-dimensional product featuring a pediatric center, live streaming educational programs,
           and online user communities, bringing one-stop convenience that has successfully raised user loyalty. As at
           March 31, 2021, the number of “Dr. Deer” APP’s monthly active users has grown to over 1 million in six
           months’ period without resorting to regular traffic promotional tactics to boost growth in the number of Internet
           online users, laying a strong foundation for future growth.
                                                             ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2021 Annual Report   11




                                                                  MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


    Aside from the above functionalities such as online consultation and user community groups, “Dr. Deer” APP
    also features a built-in vaccine service platform, “Deer Vaccination”, a one-stop digital vaccination appointment
    service, allowing its users to register for basic mandatory vaccines for children and adults as well as influenza
    vaccines. The vaccine service platform provides end-to-end functionalities including registration, appointment
    booking, smart planning, and reminder capabilities as well as scientific promotion of vaccine and consultation
    services. To alleviate the public’s concerns regarding vaccine safety, “Dr. Deer” APP has introduced full
    coverage insurance products for injuries suffered by individuals and households as a result of vaccination.

•   Neighborhood Healthcare

    As at March 31, 2021, the Group has established partnerships with over 3,000 public and private physical
    examination facilities to offer a variety of onsite, home visit, sample delivery and self-operated medical exams
    supported by “Dr. Deer” APP, Tmall, Alipay, Fliggy and DingTalk for different users at the retail and
    professional/medical levels.

    To help combat the resurgence of COVID-19 in parts of China during the 2021 Chinese New Year Holidays,
    Alibaba Health immediately published a nationwide COVID-19 nucleic acid testing map on “Dr. Deer” APP to
    help customers find and book the most convenient testing options, book door-to-door nucleic acid testing, and
    check test reports. Specific regulations and travel guidelines for each area are also updated on the “Dr. Deer”
    APP. During the Reporting Period, the Group’s initiative has led to booking services for COVID-19 nucleic acid
    tests being administered in more than 180 cities.

•   Public Service

    Alibaba Health’s commitment to “creating a better life for all with science and technology” also extends into the
    public service domain. Together with Dr. Zhang Wenhong, Alibaba Health has initiated a project to control
    MDR-TB. This project aims to tackle the medical accessibility and technical deficiency issues facing remote
    rural areas with public health challenges. Focusing on single-patient treatment, the interactive MDR-TB platform
    centrally manages all patient data, enabling associated medical professionals across different levels to monitor
    the patient’s conditions and to promptly provide cooperative assistance. Physicians at the higher tier facilities
    are able to communicate with frontline personnel to adjust treatment plans in real-time for improved care. For
    more serious and challenging cases, experts from Beijing, Shanghai and Guangzhou may quickly convene
    online to discuss and to decide on the path forward. Since the platform started operating in January 2021,
    there are now 24 hospitals and over 180 physicians managing numerous patients on the platform, covering
    10% of the patient population from Yunnan and Guizhou provinces.
12   ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2021 Annual Report




     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


           With growing public interest in healthcare philanthropy, Alibaba Health is working with Chinese Medical
           Volunteers and other similar charitable health organizations to launch a new training platform for physicians,
           “Join Us for Training on Yi Die Gu”^ (醫蝶谷一起學), as part of the broader public service effort to alleviate
           poverty. By joining the service program, doctors have the opportunity to gain additional training through online
           and offline approaches, including free medical consultation services and free drugs, surgical trainings as well as
           further education through residency at provincial hospitals. Together with ongoing systematized online training
           of specialized knowledge, remote case discussion, remote ward rounds and so on, the program is offering
           county-level healthcare professionals a learning and supporting platform to provide improved care for the less
           fortunate. As at March 31, 2021, the “Join Us for Training on Yi Die Gu”^ (醫蝶谷一起學) supporting platform
           is now operating in 19 provinces, including Qinghai, Sichuan, Shaanxi, and Yunnan. Over 1,200 medical
           professionals from more than 120 hospitals have also demonstrated substantial service improvement as a result
           of participating in the program where approximately 20,000 doctor training sessions have been completed.

     Digital Infrastructure Business

     •     Tracking Business

           The Group’s proprietary tracking platform, “Ma Shang Fang Xin”^ (碼上放心), continues to grow steadily
           throughout the Reporting Period. As a pioneer in the field of pharmaceutical tracking, Alibaba Health has
           leveraged its technological advantages along with favorable government policies to speed up the development
           of “Ma Shang Fang Xin”^ (碼上放心) platform for medical products to provide a secure, user-friendly, and
           compliant big data solution for pharmaceutical companies and healthcare organizations to further their value
           propositions. As at March 31, 2021, the Group has achieved a coverage of over 98% for the manufacturers of
           key varieties of drugs under national traceability requirement (bid-winning varieties in centralized purchase,
           blood products, narcotic drugs and psychotropic drugs), with 100% coverage of all vaccine manufacturers.

           In addition, Alibaba Health, in collaboration with Cainiao Smart Logistics Network, introduced a “Global
           pharmaceutical tracking and logistics program” in April 2021 to better serve global enterprises exporting
           medications from China by establishing a complete and safe service system in various countries and regions
           around the world which provides full origin-to-destination visibility, including origin and whereabouts checking
           and temperature monitoring capabilities. This service is critical for domestic pharmaceutical companies seeking
           overseas expansion. During the COVID-19 pandemic, Alibaba Health worked with the People’s Republic of
           China (“PRC”) government and vaccine manufacturers to implement end-to-end lot level tracking for all
           COVID-19 vaccines approved for emergency use. From cold chain storage temperature to transportation
           routes, the whole-value-chain from vaccine production to vaccine administration is fully visible to the regulatory
           agencies. Such model enabled the government’s smart supervision of vaccines, while the public also gained
           free access to scientific vaccine knowledge as well as the ability to query the flow of vaccines, exemplifying the
           Group’s goal of “creating better life with science and technology.”
                                                                  ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2021 Annual Report   13




                                                                       MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


•    Digital Health Business

      During the Reporting Period, the Group’s strategic investment in LinkDoc Technology Limited (“LinkDoc”), a
      leading AI and healthcare big data solution provider in China, has demonstrated the Group’s commitment to
      build the foundational digital infrastructure for the medical and pharmaceutical segments. Combing expertise in
      various major diseases, Alibaba Health and LinkDoc have built a revolutionary, full lifecycle platform for
      comprehensive treatment for cancer patients in China. This platform is the first major innovative step towards
      building a new online cancer treatment protocol and service model, providing patients with more timely and
      more complete care. The Group’s collaboration with Seenew Medical Technology (Zhejiang) Co., Ltd.^ (熙牛醫
      療科技（浙江）有限公司) (“Seenew Medical”) and the First Affiliated Hospital — Zhejiang University School of
      Medicine continues to focus on enabling “hospitals of the future” by working closely with ecosystem partners
      such as Alibaba Cloud Computing Ltd.^ (阿里雲計算有限公司) (“Alibaba Cloud”) to lead the healthcare area of
      the nationwide smart city initiative. Through this initiative, Alibaba Health and its partners are able to promote
      their leading technological capabilities and operational experience into more areas of China and gain access to
      valuable customer resources and operational gateways.

Future Prospects

As the vanguard of the “Internet + Healthcare” industry, the Group has always placed customer needs as its priority.
Motivated by this uncompromising commitment and powered by technological innovations, Alibaba Health, along with
Alibaba ecosystem partners, continue to push the frontier of the “Internet + Healthcare” industry in China, satisfying
the increasing nationwide demand for healthy living.

The pharmaceutical e-commerce business will always regard catering for its customers as priority. By strengthening
product quality and diversity to satisfy evolving demands, Alibaba Health continues to use an efficient and
comprehensive consumer system and technological innovations to improve the shopping experience while increasing
the brand equity on Tmall’s Pharmaceutical Platform. For medical and healthcare services, the Group will leverage
and consolidate its considerable experience and resources to maximize the power of Internet and build a new
“Internet medical information community + pharmaceutical services” strategy based on information provided by users
through the Internet to guide the direction for development of the Internet + medical and healthcare industry. By
bringing together digital technology and disruptive service models, the Group will be able to create the most trusted,
most affordable customer-centric online platform covering the full spectrum of services from basic treatments to
lifelong healthcare needs.

With a wealth of experience and available technology, Alibaba Health will also proactively engage the government,
hospitals, enterprises, and other healthcare ecosystem partners to support their digital transformation journeys utilizing
digital health services based on AI and big data. In conjunction with LinkDoc and other enterprises Alibaba Health
has invested in, the Group aims to connect the Alibaba Health platform with LinkDoc’s smart hospitals and
aforementioned cancer service platform to maximize our collective service capabilities in order to provide more
precise, convenient, and complete services for critically ill patients.
14   ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2021 Annual Report




     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


     As the public’s awareness increases and healthcare needs evolve, the Group will continue to rely on its expertise in
     Internet technology and data analytics to uncover additional synergies in order to offer personalized insurance
     products that will resolve the lack of product selection in the medical insurance industry today. The Group’s vision is
     to connect and to combine the three key aspects of healthcare services — treatment, medication, and insurance —
     as part of the next generation digital healthcare experience. Looking ahead to the next decade and beyond, Alibaba
     Health strives to become the “professional caretaker of every person and his/her family”.

     FINANCIAL REVIEW

     The key financial figures of the Group for the years ended March 31, 2021 and 2020 are summarized as follows:

                                                                               For the year ended March 31,
                                                                               2021                 2020            Change
                                                                          RMB’000             RMB’000                     %


     Revenue                                                             15,518,468           9,596,476                61.7
     Gross profit                                                         3,617,249           2,231,380                62.1
     Gross profit margin                                                     23.3%                 23.3%                N/A
     Other income and gains                                                 405,828              161,269              151.6
     Fulfilment                                                          (1,619,459)         (1,098,254)               47.5
     Sales and marketing expenses                                        (1,222,008)             (722,720)             69.1
     Administrative expenses                                               (293,595)             (219,973)             33.5
     Product development expenses                                          (423,632)             (252,843)             67.5
     Other expenses                                                         (22,302)              (33,768)             (76.6)
     Finance costs                                                            (2,449)             (21,965)             (88.9)
     Operating profit                                                       439,632               43,126              919.4


     Share of losses of joint ventures                                      (11,556)              (12,737)              (9.3)
     Share of losses of associates                                          (26,857)              (21,295)             26.1
     Income tax expenses                                                    (58,539)              (24,790)            136.1
     Profit/(loss) for the year                                             342,680               (15,696)              N/A
     Net profit/(loss) attributable to owners of the parent                 348,588                (6,586)              N/A
     NON-HKFRS ADJUSTMENTS
     Adjusted net profit                                                    630,663              211,304              198.5
                                                            ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2021 Annual Report   15




                                                                 MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


—   Revenue

    Revenue of the Group for the year ended March 31, 2021 amounted to RMB15,518,468,000, representing an
    increase of RMB5,921,992,000 or 61.7% as compared with RMB9,596,476,000 for the year ended March 31,
    2020. The increase in revenue was mainly attributable to the rapid growth in revenue from pharmaceutical
    e-commerce platform business and pharmaceutical direct sales business during the Reporting Period.

    —    Pharmaceutical Direct Sales Business

         The pharmaceutical direct sales business of the Group comprises our direct B2C retail, related
         advertisement business and our B2B centralized procurement distribution business. During the Reporting
         Period, the general revenue from pharmaceutical direct sales business reached RMB13,216,284,000,
         representing a year-on-year increase of 62.5%. The rapid growth in revenue was mainly due to (i) the
         continual addition to the categories of goods sold through the Group’s direct B2C and SKUs; (ii) the
         optimization of the customer purchase experience by upgrading customer service products and
         enhancing supply chain capabilities to significantly improve conversion rate of medication consultation and
         delivery timeliness; (iii) accelerated business deployment of prescription drug sales business, larger SKUs
         selection for prescription drugs, and strengthened cooperation with pharmaceutical companies in order to
         optimize the online process for prescription drugs purchase and expand sales volume of prescription
         drugs; (iv) ongoing cooperation with well-known pharmaceutical companies to help them reach more
         customers and boost sales with our digital marketing capability.

    —    Pharmaceutical E-commerce Platform Business

         Our pharmaceutical e-commerce platform business comprises the e-commerce platform business (relating
         to pharmaceutical products, health food and medical devices, etc.) acquired from Alibaba Group, the
         business of providing outsourced services to Tmall’s Pharmaceutical Platform (in respect of categories
         other than those that have already been acquired) and the new pharmaceutical retail business. As at
         March 31, 2021, the Group had acquired the e-commerce platform business of pharmaceutical products,
         medical devices and healthcare products, health food, sexual health and family planning products,
         contact lenses, and medical and healthcare service categories from Alibaba Group. During the Reporting
         Period, the total revenue of the above businesses amounted to RMB1,965,169,000, representing a
         year-on-year increase of 67.9%.
16   ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2021 Annual Report




     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


           —      Medical and Healthcare Services Business

                  Apart from the aforementioned businesses, the Group continued to explore the areas of Internet
                  healthcare and health service. During the Reporting Period, the Group combined its consumer healthcare
                  business, Internet healthcare business and other businesses to form the medical and healthcare services
                  business, and continued to provide diversified, multi-layered and seamless online-to-offline transition of
                  appropriate, convenient and high-quality healthcare services to customers coming from all channels,
                  including Taobao, Tmall, Alipay, “Dr. Deer” APP, and Quark Search. In order to improve the quality and
                  accessibility of medical and healthcare services at a fast pace, the Group focused on expanding platform
                  models for cooperation with vaccination, health screening, testing and other medical and healthcare
                  service organizations during the Reporting Period. This allowed the Group to successfully expand service
                  supply and satisfy users’ needs with convenient one-stop medical and healthcare services both online
                  and offline. During the Reporting Period, the Group recorded platform commissions and direct sales
                  revenue from the medical and healthcare services business including online consultation, health screening,
                  vaccination and nucleic acid testing, which amounted to RMB284,085,000. During the Reporting Period,
                  the GMV generated by the medical and healthcare services from various terminals grew rapidly. However,
                  the general revenue from the medical and healthcare services business achieved a year-on-year increase
                  of 12.4%, as a result of the switch from a direct sales mode to a platform mode of certain businesses
                  and the platform commissions income was recognized on a net basis.

           —      Digital Infrastructure Business

                  Digital infrastructure business mainly comprises tracking business and digital health business. As at
                  March 31, 2021, the Group has achieved a coverage of over 98% for the manufacturers of key varieties
                  of drugs under national traceability requirement (bid-winning varieties in centralized purchase, blood
                  products, narcotic drugs and psychotropic drugs), with 100% coverage of all vaccine manufacturers.
                  Revenue from digital infrastructure business for the year was RMB52,930,000, representing a
                  year-on-year growth of 34.0%.

     —     Gross profit and gross profit margin

           The Group recorded gross profit for the year ended March 31, 2021 of RMB3,617,249,000, representing an
           increase of RMB1,385,869,000 or 62.1% as compared with RMB2,231,380,000 for the preceding financial
           year. Gross profit margin for the year was 23.3%. The gross profit margin of OTC and other categories
           increased due to the lower purchasing cost resulting from economies of scale of the pharmaceutical direct
           sales business, but was partially offset by the significant growth of prescription drug business with lower gross
           profit margin. The overall gross profit margin for the year thus was the same as compared with 23.3% for the
           preceding financial year.
                                                           ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2021 Annual Report   17




                                                                MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


—   Other income and gains

    Other income and gains for the year ended March 31, 2021 amounted to RMB405,828,000, representing an
    increase of RMB244,559,000 or 151.6% as compared with RMB161,269,000 for the preceding financial year.
    This was mainly due to the significant increase in interest income, gain on disposal of subsidiaries and fair
    value gains on financial assets at fair value through profit or loss (“FVPL”) during the Reporting Period. In
    particular, in October 2020, the Group disposed of its 80% equity interests in its subsidiary, Seenew Medical,
    and recognized a gain of RMB70,608,000; in addition, the financial assets at FVPL mainly represented the gain
    on changes in fair value of RMB36,097,000 recognized by Shandong ShuYu Civilian Pharmacy Corp. Ltd.^ (山
    東漱玉平民大藥房連鎖股份有限公司).

—   Fulfillment

    Warehousing, logistics and customer service expenses, commissions on the Tmall Platform, payment of
    handling fees and relevant staff costs incurred by the Group’s pharmaceutical direct sales business were
    included in fulfillment costs. Fulfillment costs for the year ended March 31, 2021 amounted to
    RMB1,619,459,000, representing an increase of RMB521,205,000 or 47.5% from RMB1,098,254,000 for the
    preceding financial year. Such increase was mainly due to the rapid growth in revenue of the pharmaceutical
    direct sales business. During the Reporting Period, fulfillment costs as a percentage of revenue of
    pharmaceutical direct sales business was 12.3%, decreased by approximately 1.2 percentage points as
    compared with 13.5% for the preceding financial year, which reflected the enhancement of operating efficiency
    of the Group in respect of warehousing, logistics and customer services.

—   Sales and marketing expenses

    Sales and marketing expenses for the year ended March 31, 2021 amounted to RMB1,222,008,000,
    representing an increase of RMB499,288,000 or 69.1% as compared with RMB722,720,000 for the preceding
    financial year. Such increase was mainly due to the continuous investment made by the Group to enhance
    brand awareness of its direct stores, acquire user traffics and new customers and improve their purchasing
    frequency. Meanwhile, the Group also continued to increase the headcount of its sales and operation functions
    and operation personnel of innovative business segments such as the launch of “Dr. Deer” APP.

—   Administrative expenses

    Administrative expenses for the year ended March 31, 2021 amounted to RMB293,595,000, representing an
    increase of RMB73,622,000 or 33.5% as compared with RMB219,973,000 for the preceding financial year.
    Such increase was mainly attributable to rapid business growth which led to an increase in relevant
    management personnel costs, back-end supporting, shared service costs, and professional costs.
    Administrative expenses accounted for 1.9% of the Group’s total revenue for the year, lower than 2.3% for the
    preceding financial year, which was benefited from the sound cost controls and the emerging economies of
    scale.
18   ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2021 Annual Report




     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


     —     Product development expenses

           Product development expenses for the year ended March 31, 2021 amounted to RMB423,632,000,
           representing an increase of RMB170,789,000 or 67.5% as compared with RMB252,843,000 for the preceding
           financial year. Such increase was mainly due to the Group’s continuous investment in personnel of research
           and development function. During the Reporting Period, the Group continued to recruit more information
           technology engineers to further invest in ongoing development of medical and healthcare services and products
           such as “Dr. Deer” APP, as well as to support the rapid growth in its pharmaceutical business.

     —     Finance costs

           Finance costs for the year ended March 31, 2021 amounted to RMB2,449,000, representing a decrease of
           RMB19,516,000 or 88.9% from RMB21,965,000 for the preceding financial year. Such decrease was mainly
           attributable to the fact that no relevant interest on borrowings incurred during the year given that the Group’s
           borrowings from Alibaba Group were fully repaid during the preceding financial year.

     —     Share of losses of joint ventures

           Share of losses of joint ventures represented the share of net operating results of the Group’s 45%-owned
           joint venture, Zhejiang Bianque Health Data Technology Company Limited^ (浙江扁鵲健康數據技術有限公司)
           (“Zhejiang Bianque”) and our 13.72%-owned joint venture, Jiangsu Zijin Hongyun Health Industry Investment
           LLP^ (江蘇紫金弘雲健康產業投資合夥企業（有限合夥）). For the year ended March 31, 2021, share of losses
           of joint ventures was RMB11,556,000, while share of losses of joint ventures of RMB12,737,000 was recorded
           for the preceding financial year. The share of losses of joint ventures was mainly attributable to the fact that
           Zhejiang Bianque was still at an early stage of investment and operation during the Reporting Period.

     —     Share of losses of associates

           The Group actively invests in the healthcare segment. Benefitting from the services provided to consumers and
           patients during the COVID-19 outbreak, pharmaceutical new retail chains in which the Group made strategic
           investments last year experienced growth in sales and recorded reduction in losses or positive profits. The
           Group’s share of losses of associates for the Reporting Period amounted to RMB26,857,000, representing an
           increase of RMB5,562,000 or 26.1% as compared with the share of losses of associates of RMB21,295,000
           recorded for the preceding financial year. The share of losses of associates for the year was mainly attributable
           to the delayed progress of projects of certain associates of the Group providing services to hospitals due to
           the impact of COVID-19, and the fact that some associates were still in the transformation or growing stage.
                                                             ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2021 Annual Report   19




                                                                  MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


—   Non-Hong Kong Financial Reporting Standard indicator in relation to profit/loss for the year: Adjusted
    net profit

    The Group’s profit for the year ended March 31, 2021 amounted to RMB342,680,000, compared with a loss
    of RMB15,696,000 for the preceding financial year. The Group’s adjusted net profit for the year ended March
    31, 2021 amounted to RMB630,663,000, representing a significant increase of RMB419,359,000 or 198.5% as
    compared with adjusted net profit of RMB211,304,000 for the preceding financial year. Adjusted net profit is
    based on the profit/(loss) for the corresponding period after excluding non-operating profit or loss items such
    as share-based compensation expenses, change in fair value of financial assets at FVPL (non-current portion),
    gain or loss on disposal of subsidiaries (net of tax), gain or loss on deemed partial disposal of associates (net
    of tax), and gain or loss on disposal of associates (net of tax). The increase in adjusted net profit was mainly
    attributable to the speedy growth and economies of scale of the Group’s pharmaceutical e-commerce platform
    business and pharmaceutical direct sales business. The profitability of the Group continued to improve, which
    will lay a solid foundation for our further investments and deployments in prescription drugs and chronic
    disease services, medical and healthcare services, medical and pharmaceutical digital infrastructure and other
    long-term business opportunities.

    To supplement the Group’s consolidated financial statements presented in accordance with Hong Kong
    Financial Reporting Standards (“HKFRSs”), the Group has also reported its adjusted net profit, which is not
    required under, or presented in accordance with, HKFRSs, as an additional financial indicator. We are of the
    view that presenting the non-HKFRS indicator together with the relevant HKFRS indicator will help investors to
    better compare our operational performance across various periods, without the potential impact of projects
    which our management considers as not indicative to our operational performance. We believe that the
    non-HKFRS indicator provides investors and other individuals with helpful information to understand and assess
    our consolidated operational results in the same way that our management does. However, the adjusted net
    profit we presented may not be comparable with similar indicators presented by other companies. Such
    non-HKFRS indicator has its limitations as an analytical tool, and it should not be regarded as being
    independent from the operational results or financial position presented according to HKFRSs, or as an
    alternative to analyze the relevant operational results or financial position. In addition, the definition of such
    non-HKFRS indicator may vary from those applied in other companies.
20   ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2021 Annual Report




     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


           The adjusted net profit for the years ended March 31, 2021 and 2020 set out in the table below represents
           adjustments to the most direct and comparable financial indicator calculated and presented in accordance with
           HKFRSs (i.e. loss for the year):

                                                                                      For the year ended March 31,
                                                                                                2021               2020
                                                                                           RMB’000            RMB’000


           Profit/(loss) for the year                                                        342,680            (15,696)
           Excluding
           — Share-based compensation                                                        396,959            277,139
           — Fair value gains on financial assets at FVPL, net of tax                        (46,704)                —
           — Gain on disposal of a subsidiary, net of tax                                    (52,956)                —
           — Gain on deemed partial disposal of an associate, net of tax                      (9,316)           (33,795)
           — Gain on disposal of associates, net of tax                                           —             (16,344)


           Adjusted net profit                                                               630,663            211,304


     FINANCIAL RESOURCES, LIQUIDITY AND FOREIGN EXCHANGE EXPOSURES

     The cash and other liquid financial resources of the Group as at March 31, 2021 and the corresponding comparative
     figures as at March 31, 2020 were summarized as follows:

                                                                                              As at March 31,
                                                                                                2021               2020
                                                                                           RMB’000            RMB’000


     Cash and cash equivalents                                                            11,636,769          2,594,981
     Short-term investment at FVPL
       — Wealth management products                                                               —             402,485


     Cash and other liquid financial resources                                            11,636,769          2,997,466


     Cash and cash equivalents increased by RMB9,041,788,000 or 348.4% from RMB2,594,981,000 as at March 31,
     2020 to RMB11,636,769,000 as at March 31, 2021. Such increase mainly reflected the net inflows generated from
     the Group’s cash flow from operating activities during the Reporting Period and net proceeds from the Group’s
     placing completed on August 12, 2020.
                                                               ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2021 Annual Report   21




                                                                    MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


Short-term investment at FVPL was short-term investment in high liquidity bank wealth management products with
original maturity of no more than three months (including three months). Cash flows of the Group for the years
ended March 31, 2021 and 2020 were as follows:

                                                                                       For the year ended March 31,
                                                                                                  2021                   2020
                                                                                            RMB’000                 RMB’000


Net cash flows generated from operating activities                                          1,009,427                583,615
Net cash flows (used in)/generated from investing activities                               (4,961,484)             1,345,385
Net cash flows generated from financing activities                                          8,922,408                328,814


Net increase in cash and cash equivalents                                                   4,970,351              2,257,814


Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the year                                      2,594,981                280,371
Effects of exchange rate changes                                                              (313,057)                56,796


Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the year                                            7,252,275              2,594,981
Time deposits with original maturity of over three months when acquired                     4,384,494                     —


Cash and cash equivalents as stated in the consolidated statement of financial
    position                                                                               11,636,769              2,594,981


—      Net cash flows generated from operating activities

       For the year ended March 31, 2021, net cash flows generated from operating activities amounted to
       RMB1,009,427,000, which was primarily attributable to our profit before income tax from continuing operations
       of RMB401,219,000, as adjusted by: (i) non-cash or non-operating activities expense items, which primarily
       comprised addition of share-based compensation expenses of RMB396,959,000, and deduction of bank and
       other interest income of RMB165,415,000; (ii) changes in working capital, which primarily comprised an
       increase in trade and bills payables of RMB715,780,000, an increase in other payables and accruals of
       RMB170,630,000, an increase in prepayments, other receivables and other assets of RMB341,917,000, and an
       increase in inventories of RMB283,826,000; and (iii) addition of interest received of RMB132,635,000.

—      Net cash flows used in investing activities

       For the year ended March 31, 2021, net cash outflows used in investing activities was RMB4,961,484,000,
       which was primarily attributable to the net cash used in the purchase of fixed deposits for a term of over three
       months of RMB4,384,494,000, acquisition of interest in associates of RMB275,574,000, and the net cash used
       in the purchase and redemption of financial assets at FVPL of RMB64,546,000 during the Reporting Period.
22   ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2021 Annual Report




     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


     —     Net cash flows generated from financing activities

           For the year ended March 31, 2021, net cash flows generated from financing activities was
           RMB8,922,408,000, which was primarily attributable to net proceeds of RMB8,917,172,000 from the Group’s
           placing completed during the Reporting Period. In addition, RMB76,542,000 was received upon exercise of
           options during the Reporting Period.

     —     Gearing ratio

           As at March 31, 2021, the Group did not have any borrowings, and hence no gearing ratio was shown
           (March 31, 2020: Nil).

           As at March 31, 2021, the Group did not have any material contingent liabilities and had not pledged any
           Group assets for bank loans and banking facilities.

           The Group’s operations and transactions are principally conducted in the PRC. The Group prudently managed
           its treasury functions and maintained a healthy liquidity position throughout the year ended March 31, 2021.
           The board (the “Board”) of directors (the “Directors”) closely monitors the Group’s liquidity position to ensure
           that the liquidity structure of our assets, liabilities and other commitments can meet the Group’s funding
           requirements from time to time. Other than a certain amount of bank balances and cash, most of the Group’s
           bank balances and cash are placed in fixed deposits and are denominated in Hong Kong dollars, Renminbi
           and United States dollars, while other assets and liabilities are mainly denominated in either Hong Kong dollars
           or Renminbi. The Group changed its presentation currency from Hong Kong dollars to Renminbi starting from
           the year ended March 31, 2016 to better reflect its operations in the PRC and to be consistent with the
           internal reporting portfolio reviewed by the Directors. The Group does not have foreign exchange hedging
           policy, but the management will continue to closely monitor exchange rate fluctuations and will take
           appropriate measures to keep foreign exchange risk exposure to the minimum. The Group does not use any
           financial instruments for hedging purposes.

     EMPLOYEES AND REMUNERATION POLICIES

     The number of full-time employees of the Group as at March 31, 2021 was 1,033 (March 31, 2020: 990). Total staff
     costs of the Group for the year ended March 31, 2021 amounted to RMB934.7 million (For the year ended March
     31, 2020: RMB685.7 million). All staff employed by the Group in Hong Kong participated in the Mandatory Provident
     Fund Scheme.

     The Group’s policy is to maintain a competitive pay structure and employees are rewarded based on their
     performance.

     The Group has also adopted a share award scheme as approved by the shareholders of the Company (the
     “Shareholders”) on November 24, 2014 (the “Share Award Scheme”). Pursuant to the Share Award Scheme, the
     Board may grant awards in the form of restricted share units (“RSUs”) or options to eligible participants, including the
     Directors, the directors of the Company’s subsidiaries, the employees of the Group or any other persons who, as
     determined by the Board in its absolute discretion, have contributed or will contribute to the Group.
                                                               ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2021 Annual Report   23




                                                                    MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


SIGNIFICANT INVESTMENTS, MATERIAL ACQUISITIONS AND DISPOSALS OF SUBSIDIARIES, ASSOCIATES
AND JOINT VENTURES

Investment

The Group engaged in trading of short-term and liquid investments and financial assets ranging from unit trusts,
structured deposits and other wealth management during the year in accordance with its treasury policy initially
adopted in June 2015 to utilize surplus cash reserves for treasury management purpose. The Company’s treasury
policy sets out the selection guidelines and relevant approval procedures for acceptable short-term investments and
financial assets with reference to its risk management policy. According to such treasury policy, the Company invests
in products including non-equity financial asset investments with strong liquidity which can be realized either at any
time or within a short period of time. Such investments shall be subscribed from financial institutions in the approved
list, which shall be reviewed every two years. During the Reporting Period, such financial institutions included various
branches of the China Merchant Bank, Bank of Ningbo, Pudong Development Bank, Huaxia Bank, Minsheng Bank,
Bank of China and Ping An Bank. According to the Company’s prevailing approval procedures, any investment
decision related to financial assets shall be approved by the financial and treasury manager of the Company, and
shall, depending on the size of the investment, be approved by the financial controller or chief financial officer. The
Company had no short-term investments at FVPL as at March 31, 2021 (March 31, 2020: RMB402.5 million). During
the Reporting Period, (i) the Company had not disposed of any investment at FVPL, and the decrease in the total
value of such short-term investments was due to repurchases of the short-term investment products upon expiry
during the year by issuers in accordance with their relevant terms; and (ii) the Company realized fair value gains of
approximately RMB0.93 million.

Capital Increase Agreement and Equity Transfer Agreement

On September 23, 2020, Alibaba Health Technology (Beijing) Company Limited^ (阿里健康科技（北京）有限公司)
(“Alibaba Health Beijing”) and Hongyun Jiukang Data Technology (Beijing) Company Limited^ (弘雲久康數據技術（北
京）有限公司) (“Hongyun Jiukang”), both being subsidiaries of the Company, entered into a capital increase
agreement (the “Capital Increase Agreement”) with Come Future Technology (Zhejiang) Company Limited^ (來未來科
技（浙江）有限公司) (the “Target Company”), the founders of the Target Company, namely Mr. Qiang Hui (牆輝) and
Mr. Wan Weiqin (萬煒欽) (together, the “Target Founders”) and the existing shareholders of the Target Company,
including Keguan Technology (Hangzhou) Company Limited ^ (可 觀 科 技（杭 州）有 限 公 司), Hangzhou Weiran
Technology Partnership Enterprise (Limited Partnership)^ (杭州巍然科技合夥企業（有限合夥）), Beijing Sequoia Shuoxin
Management Consulting Centre (Limited Partnership)^ (北京紅杉爍信管理諮詢中心（有限合夥）), Suzhou Vision Plus
Equity Investment Partnership Enterprise (Limited Partnership)^ (蘇州圓璟股權投資合夥企業（有限合夥）) (“Suzhou
Vision Plus”), Hangzhou Vision Plus Chuangheng Equity Investment Fund Partnership Enterprise (Limited Partnership)^
(杭州圓璟創恒股權投資基金合夥企業（有限合夥）) (“Hangzhou Vision Plus”) and Hangzhou Rongche Technology
Partnership Enterprise (Limited Partnership)^ (杭州融澈科技合夥企業（有限合夥）) (“Hangzhou Rongche”) (together, the
“Existing Target Shareholders”), pursuant to which (i) Alibaba Health Beijing shall inject RMB216,000,000 in cash into
the Target Company, and (ii) Hongyun Jiukang shall make in-kind contribution equivalent to RMB28,800,000 to the
Target Company by transferring its 80% equity interest in Seenew Medical to the Target Company.
24   ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2021 Annual Report




     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


     Upon completion of the Capital Increase Agreement in November 2020, the registered capital of the Target Company
     increased to RMB19,569,471 and the Target Company was held as to 26.47% by Alibaba Health Beijing and 3.53%
     by Hongyun Jiukang. On September 23, 2020, Hongyun Jiukang entered into an equity transfer agreement (the
     “Equity Transfer Agreement”) with the Target Company, pursuant to which Hongyun Jiukang shall transfer its 80%
     equity interest in Seenew Medical to the Target Company as in-kind contribution under the Capital Increase
     Agreement. Upon completion of the Equity Transfer Agreement in November 2020, Seenew Medical was held as to
     80% by the Target Company and 20% by Shanghai Yujun Business Management Partnership Enterprise (Limited
     Partnership)^ (上海羽雋企業管理合夥企業（有限合夥）).

     Mr. WU Yongming (“Mr. Wu”) is a non-executive Director and therefore a controller of the Company within the
     meaning of Rule 14A.28(1) of the Rules (the “Listing Rules”) Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock
     Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “Stock Exchange”). Since Suzhou Vision Plus and Hangzhou Vision Plus are
     associates (as defined under the Listing Rules) of Mr. Wu and they are in turn the substantial shareholders of the
     Target Company (prior to the completion of the Capital Increase Agreement), the transactions contemplated under
     the Capital Increase Agreement and Equity Transfer Agreement constitute connected transactions of the Company
     under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules. For further information in relation to the Capital Increase Agreement and
     Equity Transfer Agreement as well as the parties involved in this transaction, please refer to the announcement and
     2020 Interim Report issued by the Company on September 23, 2020 and December 17, 2020, respectively.




     ^
           For identification purpose only
                                                               ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2021 Annual Report   25




                                                                                DIRECTORS’ REPORT

The Board of Alibaba Health Information Technology Limited presents its report and the audited financial statements
for the year ended March 31, 2021.

PRINCIPAL ACTIVITIES

The Company is an investment holding company and the Group is primarily engaged in the pharmaceutical direct
sales business, pharmaceutical e-commerce platform business, medical and healthcare services business and digital
infrastructure business.

BUSINESS REVIEW

Review of Business

A review of the Group’s business, including the principal risks and uncertainties faced by such business and its
possible future development are described under the paragraph headed “Business Review” in the section headed
“Management Discussion and Analysis” of this report on pages 6 to 14.

Analysis of Performance and Financial Position

The key financial figures and financial position of the Group for the year ended March 31, 2021 and the relevant
analysis are set out under the paragraphs headed “Financial Review” and “Financial Resources, Liquidity and Foreign
Exchange Exposures”, respectively, in the section headed “Management Discussion and Analysis” of this report on
pages 14 to 22.

Environmental Policies and Performance

The Group is committed to promoting environmentally friendly business practices and raising awareness on the
conservation of natural resources. By utilizing intranet systems, our staff can accomplish some of their administrative
work electronically which reduces the use of office supplies. We also encourage prudent electricity consumption. Our
staff are advised to switch off any lights in unoccupied areas. We believe that taking active measures in minimizing
wasteful material and energy consumption in the course of conducting our business will not only bring economic
benefits but also assist in the preservation of the natural environment.
26   ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2021 Annual Report




     DIRECTORS’ REPORT


     Compliance with Laws and Regulations

     The Group recognizes the importance of compliance with legal and regulatory requirements. Internal compliance and
     risk management policies and procedures are in place to ensure the Group’s adherence and compliance with all
     significant and applicable legal and regulatory requirements in Hong Kong and the PRC. For the year ended March
     31, 2021 and up to the date of this report, to the best knowledge of the Directors, the Group has complied in all
     material respects with the applicable laws and regulations of Hong Kong and the PRC which have a significant
     impact on the business and operations of the Group, including in respect of its principal businesses (namely the
     pharmaceutical direct sales business, pharmaceutical e-commerce platform business, medical and healthcare services
     business and digital infrastructure business), its employment and labor practices and environmental protection, etc.
     The Group has also obtained all licenses, approvals and permits from the relevant regulatory authorities that are
     material for its business operations in the PRC.

     Relationships with Key Stakeholders

     The Group’s success depends on the support from the key stakeholders which include its employees, customers
     and suppliers.

     Employees

     Employees are regarded as the most important and valuable assets of the Group. The number of full-time employees
     of the Group as at March 31, 2021 was 1,033 (990 as at March 31, 2020). The Group’s policy is to maintain a
     competitive pay structure and employees are rewarded based on their performance and with appropriate incentives
     including cash bonuses and through the use of the Share Award Scheme, details of which are set out under the
     sub-section headed “Share Award Scheme” in this report.

     Customers

     The Group believes that effective communications are the key to maintaining a good relationship with its customers.
     Various means have been established to strengthen the communications between the Group and its customers,
     including seeking more regular feedback through direct engagement with customers and also through industry
     seminars and forums for better understanding of industry trends and demands. The Group continually strives to
     improve service quality and to provide better customer experience.

     Suppliers

     Sound relationships with key suppliers of the Group are important in managing the supply chain, meeting business
     challenges and complying with regulatory requirements, which can drive cost effectiveness and foster long-term
     business benefits. We seek to develop long-standing relationships with our key suppliers and to explore with them
     ways to improve supply chain efficiencies.
                                                               ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2021 Annual Report   27




                                                                                                  DIRECTORS’ REPORT


RESULTS AND DIVIDENDS

The Group’s financial performance for the year ended March 31, 2021 and the financial position of the Group as at
that date are set out in the financial statements on pages 115 to 118.

The Board does not recommend the payment of a final dividend for the year ended March 31, 2021 (for the year
ended March 31, 2020: Nil).

SUMMARY FINANCIAL INFORMATION

A summary of the published results and assets, liabilities and non-controlling interests of the Group for the last five
financial years, as extracted from the audited financial statements and restated as appropriate, is set out on page
230. This summary does not form part of the audited financial statements.

SHARE CAPITAL, SHARE OPTIONS AND RSUs

Details of movements in the Company’s share capital, share options and RSUs during the year ended March 31,
2021 are set out in notes 28 to 29 to the consolidated financial statements.

PURCHASE, REDEMPTION OR SALE OF LISTED SECURITIES OF THE COMPANY

During the year ended March 31, 2021, neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries purchased, redeemed or
sold any of the Company’s listed securities, except that a trustee of the Share Award Scheme purchased a total of
2,000,000 shares of the Company on the market to satisfy the Share Awards granted to connected grantees of the
Company upon vesting.

ISSUE FOR CASH OF EQUITY SECURITIES

Placing of New Shares under General Mandate

On August 5, 2020, the Company entered into a placing agreement (the “Placing Agreement”) with Citigroup Global
Markets Limited and Credit Suisse (Hong Kong) Limited (the “Placing Agents”) in relation to the placing of an
aggregate of 498,753,118 new ordinary shares of the Company (the “Placing Share(s)”) at the placing price of
HK$20.05 per Placing Share (exclusive of brokerage, transaction levy of the Securities and Futures Commission and
trading fee of the Stock Exchange payable by the purchasers) (the “Placing Price”) on the terms and conditions set
out in the Placing Agreement (the “Placing”). The aggregate nominal value of the Placing Shares was
HK$4,987,531.18. The Placing Price of HK$20.05 per Placing Share represents (i) a discount of approximately
8.03% to the closing price of HK$21.80 per share as quoted on the Stock Exchange on August 4, 2020, being the
last trading day immediately prior to the date of the Placing Agreement; and (ii) a discount of approximately 6.18%
to the average closing price of HK$21.37 per share as quoted on the Stock Exchange for the last five consecutive
trading days up to and including August 4, 2020, being the date immediately prior to the date of the Placing
Agreement. The aggregate net proceeds from the Placing was HK$9,964.2 million, representing a net Placing Price
of approximately HK$19.98 per Placing Share. As stated in the daily quotation sheets issued by the Stock
Exchange, on August 5, 2020, being the date which the Placing Agreement was entered into, the closing price per
share was HK$21.25. The Group conducted the Placing based on its insights into, and optimism for the prospects
of, the Internet healthcare industry, as well as the need for the Group to further develop its healthcare business and
continue its rapid development. The Group viewed the Placing as an opportunity for the Group to raise capital while
broadening its shareholder and capital base.
28   ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2021 Annual Report




     DIRECTORS’ REPORT


     The Placing was completed on August 12, 2020 (the “Completion Date”), where a total of 498,753,118 new ordinary
     shares of the Company, representing approximately 3.71% of the total issued share capital of the Company as at the
     Completion Date (as enlarged by the allotment and issue of the Placing Shares), have been successfully placed to
     not less than six placees at a price of HK$20.05 per Placing Share who are professional, institutional and/or
     individual investors. The Placing Shares were allotted and issued under the general mandate granted by the
     Shareholders at the annual general meeting of the Company held on July 30, 2020.

     The aggregate gross proceeds from the Placing amount to approximately HK$10,000.0 million and the aggregate net
     proceeds (after deduction of the commissions and expenses relating to the Placing) from the Placing amount to
     approximately HK$9,964.2 million (the “Placing Net Proceeds”), representing a net issue price of approximately
     HK$19.98 per Placing Share. For further details of the Placing, please refer to the announcements of the Company
     dated August 5, 2020 and August 12, 2020 (the “Placing Announcements”).

     As at March 31, 2021, the Group had applied the Placing Net Proceeds as follows:

                                                               Planned use of
                                                          Placing Net Proceeds          Actual use of                           Expected timeframe
                                                                  as disclosed Placing Net Proceeds                             for utilizing the
                                                                 in the Placing    for the year ended      Unutilized Placing Placing Net
     Use of Placing Net Proceeds                               Announcements          March 31, 2021           Net Proceeds Proceeds(Note)


     Develop the Group’s pharmaceutical and                       Approximately       HK$906.3 million   HK$7,065.1 million — April 1, 2021–
       healthcare omni-channel business and                HK$7,971.4 million —                            HK$8,061.5 million     December 31, 2022
       medical and healthcare services business              HK$8,967.8 million


     Further develop the Group’s digital infrastructure           Approximately       HK$116.6 million    HK$879.8 million — April 1, 2021–
       and innovative business                              HK$996.4 million —                             HK$1,876.2 million     December 31, 2022
                                                             HK$1,992.8 million


     Note:


     The Placing Net Proceeds have been and will be applied in the manner consistent with the use of proceeds as disclosed in the Placing
     Announcements. The expected timeframe for utilizing the Placing Net Proceeds is based on the best estimation of the future market conditions made
     by the Group as at the date of this report. It will be subject to change based on the current and future developments of market conditions. The
     remaining unutilized portion of the Placing Net Proceeds has been deposited in reputable banks.
                                                                                 ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2021 Annual Report         29




                                                                                                                       DIRECTORS’ REPORT


Issue of New Shares under Specific Mandate

On July 12, 2019, a total of 302,976,000 ordinary shares (the “Subscription Shares”) of the Company were issued to
Ali JK Nutritional Products Holding Limited (“Ali JK”) and Antfin (Hong Kong) Holding Limited (“Antfin”) for a total cash
consideration of HK$2,272,320,000 (the “Subscription Net Proceeds”) at a net subscription price of approximately
HK$7.5 per share, pursuant to the subscription agreements (the “Subscription Agreements”) dated May 23, 2019
entered into by the Company with Ali JK and Antfin, respectively. Ali JK and Antfin are connected persons of the
Company. The aggregate nominal value of the Subscription Shares was HK$3,029,760. The transactions under the
Subscription Agreements (the “Subscriptions”) therefore constituted connected transactions of the Company in
accordance with the Listing Rules. As stated in the daily quotation sheets issued by the Stock Exchange, on May
23, 2019 and July 12, 2019, being the date which the Subscription Agreements were entered into and the date of
issue of the Subscription Shares, respectively, the closing price per share was HK$7.58 and HK$7.15, respectively.
The Subscription Shares were allotted and issued under the specific mandate granted by the Shareholders at the
special general meeting of the Company held on July 10, 2019. The Subscriptions enabled the Group to raise funds
for its expanding business operations and to maintain a healthy cash position, while keeping its borrowings and the
corresponding interest expenses low. For further details of the Subscriptions, please refer to the announcement dated
May 23, 2019 and the circular (the “Subscription Circular”) dated June 24, 2019 of the Company.

As at March 31, 2021, the Group had applied the Subscription Net Proceeds as follows:

                                                            Planned use of            Actual Use of
                                                           Subscription Net             Subscription                            Expected timeframe
                                                               Proceeds as         Net Proceeds for                Unutilized for utilizing the
                                                           disclosed in the          the year ended             Subscription Subscription Net
Use of Subscription Net Proceeds                      Subscription Circular          March 31, 2021           Net Proceeds(1) Proceeds(2)


Repayment of loans for funding ongoing business           HK$1,136,160,000                         Nil                     Nil Not applicable
      operations and expansion and recruitment of
      personnel to develop Internet-based medical
      services and intelligent medicine services


Previous committed investments and                          HK$568,080,000           HK$518,400,000                        Nil Not applicable
      investment projects under review


Future strategic investment opportunities                   HK$568,080,000           HK$255,852,000          HK$312,228,000 April 1, 2021–
                                                                                                                                December 31, 2021


Note:


(1)       As at March 31, 2021, the unutilized Subscription Net Proceeds amounted to HK$312,228,000 (As at March 31, 2020: HK$1,086,480,000).


(2)       The Subscription Net Proceeds have been or will be applied in the manner consistent with the use of proceeds as disclosed in the Subscription
          Circular. The expected timeframe for utilizing the remaining Subscription Net Proceeds is based on the best estimation of the future market
          conditions made by the Group as at the date of this report. It will be subject to change based on the current and future developments of
          market conditions. The remaining unutilized portion of the Subscription Net Proceeds has been deposited in reputable banks.
30   ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2021 Annual Report




     DIRECTORS’ REPORT


     Save as disclosed above and the options exercised by the relevant grantees under the Share Award Scheme as
     disclosed in this report, the Company had not issued for cash any equity securities (including securities convertible
     into equity securities) for the Reporting Period and no other proceeds has been brought forward from any issue of
     securities for cash as at March 31, 2021.

     DEBENTURES

     During the year ended March 31, 2021, the Company did not issue any debentures.

     EQUITY-LINKED AGREEMENTS

     During the year ended March 31, 2021, the Company did not enter into any equity-linked agreements in respect of
     its shares.

     PRE-EMPTIVE RIGHTS

     There are no provisions for pre-emptive rights under the Company’s bye-laws or the laws of Bermuda which would
     oblige the Company to offer new shares on a pro rata basis to the existing Shareholders.

     DISTRIBUTABLE RESERVES

     The Company did not have any reserves available for distribution at the end of the Reporting Period. However, the
     Company’s share premium account, in the amount of approximately RMB43,281,281,000, may be distributed in the
     form of fully paid bonus shares.

     MAJOR CUSTOMERS AND SUPPLIERS

     During the year ended March 31, 2021, sales to the Group’s five largest customers accounted for less than 30% of
     the total sales for the year, and purchases from the Group’s five largest suppliers accounted for less than 30% of
     the total purchases for the year.

     ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE

     For the purpose of disclosing the environmental, social and governance (the “ESG”) information in accordance with
     the ESG Reporting Guide in Appendix 27 to the Listing Rules, the Company has engaged an external consultant to
     identify material ESG issues of the Group and assist in the reporting of the Group’s performance based on its ESG
     management approach, strategy, priorities and objectives. For details of the Company’s ESG policies and
     performance and its compliance with the relevant laws and regulations, please refer to pages 90 to 108 of this
     report.
                                                              ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2021 Annual Report   31




                                                                                                 DIRECTORS’ REPORT


DIRECTORS

The Directors during the year ended March 31, 2021 and up to the date of this report were:

Executive Directors:

Mr. ZHU Shunyan
Mr. TU Yanwu (appointed on October 23, 2020)
Mr. WANG Qiang (resigned on October 23, 2020)

Non-executive Directors:

Mr. WU Yongming
Mr. WANG Lei (resigned on October 23, 2020)
Mr. XU Hong

Independent Non-executive Directors:

Mr. LUO Tong
Mr. WONG King On, Samuel
Ms. HUANG Yi Fei (Vanessa)

Since the date of the annual report for the financial year ended March 31, 2020 published by the Company on May
27, 2020 for (the “2020 Annual Report”), the changes to the information which are required to be disclosed
pursuant to paragraphs (a) to (e) and (g) of Rule 13.51(2) of the Listing Rules are as below:

—    Mr. WANG Qiang and Mr. WANG Lei resigned as an executive Director and a non-executive Director, respectively,
     with effect from October 23, 2020.

—    Mr. TU Yanwu was appointed as an executive Director, with effect from October 23, 2020.

—    Mr. XU Hong was appointed as a non-executive director of Sun Art Retail Group Limited (Stock Code: 6808),
     a company listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange, with effect from December 22, 2020.

In accordance with bye-law 83 and bye-law 84 of the bye-laws of the Company, Mr. TU Yanwu, Mr. LUO Tong,
Mr. WONG King On, Samuel and Ms. HUANG Yi Fei (Vanessa) will retire at the forthcoming annual general meeting
of the Company to be held on July 30, 2021 (the “2021 AGM”). Mr. TU Yanwu, Mr. LUO Tong, Mr. WONG King On,
Samuel and Ms. HUANG Yi Fei (Vanessa), being eligible, will offer themselves for re-election at the 2021 AGM.

The non-executive Directors and independent non-executive Directors are appointed for a term of one year. Their
appointment shall be renewable automatically for successive terms of one year each commencing from the next day
after the expiry of the then current term of their appointment unless terminated by the Company in accordance with
the terms of their appointment letters and the provisions of the bye-laws of the Company, respectively.
32   ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2021 Annual Report




     DIRECTORS’ REPORT


     During the Reporting Period and up to the date of this report, (i) the Company had three independent non-executive
     Directors representing at least one-third of the Board; and (ii) the composition of each of the Board, the audit
     committee (the “Audit Committee”) and the remuneration committee (the “Remuneration Committee”) of the Company
     was fully compliant with Rule 3.10(1), Rule 3.10A, Rule 3.21 and Rule 3.25 of the Listing Rules. The Company
     received, from each of the independent non-executive Directors, an annual confirmation of his or her independence
     pursuant to Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules.

     DIRECTORS’ AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT’S BIOGRAPHIES

     Biographical details of the Directors and the senior management of the Group are set out on pages 64 to 67 of this
     report.

     DIRECTORS’ SERVICE CONTRACTS

     No Director proposed for re-election at the forthcoming annual general meeting has a service contract with the
     Company which is not determinable by the Company within one year without payment of compensation, other than
     statutory compensation.

     DIRECTORS’ REMUNERATION

     The emoluments of the Directors are determined having regard to the Company’s operating results, individual
     performance and comparable market statistics. The details of the Directors’ emoluments are set out in note 7 to the
     consolidated financial statements in this report. During the year ended March 31, 2021, there was no arrangement
     under which a Director waived or agreed to waive any remuneration and no remuneration was paid by the Group to
     a Director as an inducement to join or upon joining the Group or as compensation for loss of office.

     The Directors are also eligible to be granted Share Awards under the Share Award Scheme. The details of the
     scheme are set out in note 29 to the consolidated financial statements.

     SHARE AWARD SCHEME

     At the special general meeting of the Company held on November 24, 2014 (the “Adoption Date”), the Shareholders
     approved the adoption of the Share Award Scheme. Unless terminated earlier by the Board, the Share Award
     Scheme shall be valid and effective for a term of ten years commencing on the Adoption Date. The Share Award
     Scheme shall remain in effect until November 23, 2024. The validity period of the options granted under the Share
     Award Scheme shall be ten years from the date of grant and the options shall lapse at the expiry of the validity
     period.
                                                            ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2021 Annual Report   33




                                                                                               DIRECTORS’ REPORT


Pursuant to the terms of the Share Award Scheme, the Board may, from time to time, at its absolute discretion and
subject to such terms and conditions as it may think fit (including the basis of eligibility of each employee
determined by the Board from time to time) select an employee or any other person for participation in the Share
Award Scheme and determine the number of Share Awards. The total number of shares in respect of which awards
may be granted under the Share Award Scheme and any other share award schemes of the Company shall not
exceed 3% of the shares in issue as at the Adoption Date (the “Scheme Mandate Limit”), or 3% of the shares in
issue as at the new approval date of the renewed Scheme Mandate Limit.

The specific mandate granted to the Board at the annual general meeting of the Company held on September 30,
2015 (the “2015 Specific Mandate”) to exercise all the powers of the Company to grant Share Awards lapsed at the
conclusion of the annual general meeting of the Company held on August 18, 2016. The specific mandate was
subsequently renewed by approval of the Shareholders at the annual general meetings of the Company held on
August 18, 2016 (the “2016 Specific Mandate”), July 26, 2017 (the “2017 Specific Mandate”), July 20, 2018 (the
“2018 Specific Mandate”), July 10, 2019 (the “2019 Specific Mandate”) and July 30, 2020 (the “2020 Specific
Mandate”), respectively. The total number of shares underlying the Share Awards granted which remained
outstanding as at March 31, 2021 amounted to 79,396,914, of which 3,104,250 were granted pursuant to the 2015
Specific Mandate, 2,017,750 were granted pursuant to the 2016 Specific Mandate, 14,096,389 were granted
pursuant to the 2017 Specific Mandate, 17,998,633 were granted pursuant to the 2018 Specific Mandate,
34,365,219 were granted pursuant to the 2019 Specific Mandate and 7,814,673 were granted pursuant to the 2020
Specific Mandate. As at March 31, 2021 and the date of this report, Share Awards in respect of a total of
380,350,562 underlying shares, which represent approximately 2.82% of the total issued shares as at March 31,
2021 and the date of this report, remain available to be granted under the Share Award Scheme under the 2020
Specific Mandate.
34   ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2021 Annual Report




     DIRECTORS’ REPORT


     Movements of the options and RSUs under the Share Award Scheme during the year ended March 31, 2021 are set
     out below:

                                                                                                                                                      Number of
                                                                                                                                                           shares
                                                Number of                                                                                            represented
                                                    shares                                                                 Options or                 by options
                                           represented by                                                        Options RSUs lapsed/                    or RSUs
                                          options or RSUs                               Granted                exercised    cancelled RSUs vested    outstanding
     Name of option holders/               outstanding as Date of grant/              during the   Exercise   during the       during      during    as at March
     grantees of RSU         Nature        at April 1, 2020 conditional grant(16)           year      price       year(17)   the year    the year        31, 2021
                                                                                                     (HK$)

     Directors of the Company
     Mr. ZHU Shunyan            Options                 —    June 15, 2020(1)          2,900,000     19.940          —             —            —      2,900,000
                                RSUs                    —    June 15, 2020               500,000         —           —             —            —        500,000
     Mr. WANG Qiang             Options          4,000,000   October 10, 2017(2)              —       4.400   3,000,000     1,000,000           —             —
       (resigned on October 23, RSUs               450,000   October 10, 2017                 —          —           —        225,000      225,000            —
       2020)                    RSUs               150,000   June 8, 2018                     —          —           —        150,000           —             —
                                RSUs               336,750   June 14, 2019                    —          —           —        336,750           —             —
                                Options                 —    June 15, 2020(1)            292,500     19.940          —        292,500           —             —
                                RSUs                    —    June 15, 2020               117,000         —           —        117,000           —             —
     Mr. WANG Lei               Options            285,250   July 29, 2016(3)                 —       5.558     285,250            —            —             —
       (resigned on October 23, RSUs                95,000   July 29, 2016                    —          —           —             —        95,000            —
       2020)                    RSUs             1,213,500   June 14, 2017                    —          —           —             —     1,213,500            —
     Mr. TU Yanwu               Options                 —    June 15, 2020(1)            145,000     19.940          —             —            —        145,000
                                RSUs               115,500   June 14, 2019                    —          —           —             —        38,500        77,000
                                RSUs               770,000   September 18, 2019               —          —           —             —            —        770,000
                                RSUs                    —    June 15, 2020                58,000         —           —             —            —         58,000
     Employees of the Group Options              1,133,000   September 7, 2015(4)             —       5.184     625,000            —            —        508,000
                                Options            760,500   April 28, 2016(5)                —       5.320     544,000            —            —        216,500
                                Options          5,056,250   July 29, 2016(3)                 —       5.558   2,676,500            —            —      2,379,750
                                RSUs             1,251,250   July 29, 2016                    —          —           —         13,250    1,238,000            —
                                Options            295,500   October 11, 2016(6)              —       4.416     295,500            —            —             —
                                RSUs                56,000   October 11, 2016                 —          —           —             —        56,000            —
                                Options          2,460,500   February 2, 2017(7)              —       3.626   1,295,250       117,750           —      1,047,500
                                RSUs               573,750   February 2, 2017                 —          —           —         58,750      515,000            —
                                Options            116,000   February 22, 2017(8)             —       3.610          —             —            —        116,000
                                RSUs               167,500   February 22, 2017                —          —           —             —       167,500            —
                                Options          1,377,500   June 14, 2017(9)                 —       3.902     523,250            —            —        854,250
                                RSUs             4,190,000   June 14, 2017                    —          —           —        281,500    3,908,500            —
                                Options          5,433,000   August 3, 2017(10)               —       3.686   2,417,750       283,000           —      2,732,250
                                RSUs             1,626,800   August 3, 2017                   —          —           —        141,250      841,050       644,500
                                Options          2,856,500   October 10, 2017(2)              —       4.400     568,750            —            —      2,287,750
                                RSUs             1,134,500   October 10, 2017                 —          —           —             —       719,500       415,000
                                Options            809,500   February 1, 2018(11)             —       4.144          —             —            —        809,500
                                RSUs               854,527   February 1, 2018                 —          —           —        146,000      434,777       273,750
                                Options          4,095,000   June 8, 2018(12)                 —       7.240   4,095,000            —            —             —
                                RSUs            16,167,807   June 8, 2018                     —          —           —      1,870,499    7,363,669     6,933,639
                                RSUs             8,002,000   July 31, 2018                    —          —           —      1,029,000    3,385,500     3,587,500
                                RSUs             7,442,868   October 10, 2018                 —          —           —      3,857,329    2,157,248     1,428,291
                                RSUs             3,950,220   January 31, 2019                 —          —           —        614,943    1,781,435     1,553,842
                                RSUs            19,755,700   June 14, 2019                    —          —           —      2,448,350    5,955,350    11,352,000
                                RSUs             8,745,227   August 2, 2019                   —          —           —        555,222    1,917,628     6,272,377
                                RSUs             1,354,846   September 18, 2019               —          —           —             —        44,898     1,309,948
                                RSUs             4,308,513   February 24, 2020                —          —           —        940,000      355,995     3,012,518
                                RSUs             3,049,083   March 16, 2020                   —          —           —        130,711      813,409     2,104,963
                                Options                 —    June 15, 2020(1)          2,741,339     19.940          —             —            —      2,741,339
                                RSUs                    —    June 15, 2020            13,966,032         —           —      1,102,570       20,388    12,843,074
                                Options                 —    September 15, 2020(13)      119,000     18.660          —             —            —        119,000
                                RSUs                    —    September 15, 2020        4,244,776         —           —         87,500       95,253     4,062,023
                                RSUs                    —    December 15, 2020         1,966,950         —           —          6,000           —      1,960,950
                                RSUs                    —    March 15, 2021            1,708,000         —           —         50,000           —      1,658,000
     Employees of               Options                 —    June 15, 2020(1)            500,000     19.940          —             —            —        500,000
         the affiliates of      RSUs                    —    June 15, 2020             1,272,000         —           —         64,000           —      1,208,000
         the Company            RSUs                    —    September 15, 2020           14,700         —           —             —            —         14,700
                                                                                 ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2021 Annual Report          35




                                                                                                                        DIRECTORS’ REPORT


Notes:


(1)      The closing price per share is HK$20.65 as stated in the daily quotation sheets issued by the Stock Exchange on June 12, 2020, being the
         trading day immediately before the date of grant.


(2)      The closing price per share is HK$4.01 as stated in the daily quotation sheets issued by the Stock Exchange on October 9, 2017, being the
         trading day immediately before the date of grant.


(3)      The closing price per share is HK$5.55 as stated in the daily quotation sheets issued by the Stock Exchange on July 28, 2016, being the trading
         day immediately before the date of grant.


(4)      The closing price per share is HK$5.02 as stated in the daily quotation sheets issued by the Stock Exchange on September 4, 2015, being the
         trading day immediately before the date of grant.


(5)      The closing price per share is HK$5.23 as stated in the daily quotation sheets issued by the Stock Exchange on April 27, 2016, being the
         trading day immediately before the date of grant.


(6)      The closing price per share is HK$4.30 as stated in the daily quotation sheets issued by the Stock Exchange on October 7, 2016, being the
         trading day immediately before the date of grant.


(7)      The closing price per share is HK$3.59 as stated in the daily quotation sheets issued by the Stock Exchange on February 1, 2017, being the
         trading day immediately before the date of grant.


(8)      The closing price per share is HK$3.62 as stated in the daily quotation sheets issued by the Stock Exchange on February 21, 2017, being the
         trading day immediately before the date of grant.


(9)      The closing price per share is HK$3.92 as stated in the daily quotation sheets issued by the Stock Exchange on June 13, 2017, being the
         trading day immediately before the date of grant.


(10)     The closing price per share is HK$3.63 as stated in the daily quotation sheets issued by the Stock Exchange on August 2, 2017, being the
         trading day immediately before the date of grant.


(11)     The closing price per share is HK$4.09 as stated in the daily quotation sheets issued by the Stock Exchange on January 31, 2018, being the
         trading day immediately before the date of grant.


(12)     The closing price per share was HK$7.34 as stated in the daily quotation sheets issued by the Stock Exchange on June 7, 2018, being the
         trading day immediately before the date of grant.


(13)     The closing price per share is HK$18.76 as stated in the daily quotation sheets issued by the Stock Exchange on September 14, 2020, being
         the trading day immediately before the date of grant.


(14)     The options and RSUs granted have a specific vesting schedule of not more than four years.


(15)     The weighted average closing price of the shares immediately before the dates on which the options granted to the employees were exercised
         calculated by the closing price per Share as stated in the daily quotation sheets issued by the Stock Exchange is HK$20.680 per share.
36   ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2021 Annual Report




     DIRECTORS’ REPORT


     The Company estimated the fair values of its share options using the binomial model, which requires the Group to
     make estimates about inputs, such as expected volatility, expected dividend yield, exercise multiple, risk-free interest
     rate and expected forfeiture rate, and hence such estimates are subject to subjectivity and uncertainty. For the
     accounting policy adopted for the Share Awards and the fair value of the options granted during the year ended
     March 31, 2021, please refer to note 2.4 (Share-based payments) and note 29 to the Group’s consolidated financial
     statements for the year ended March 31, 2021.

     DIRECTORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S INTERESTS AND SHORT POSITIONS IN SHARES AND
     UNDERLYING SHARES

     As at March 31, 2021, the interests and short positions of the Directors and chief executive in the share capital and
     underlying shares of the Company or its associated corporations (within the meaning of Part XV of the Securities and
     Futures Ordinance (the “SFO”), as recorded in the register required to be kept by the Company pursuant to section
     352 of the SFO, or as otherwise notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to the Model Code for
     Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers (the “Model Code”) as set out in Appendix 10 to the Listing
     Rules, were as follows:

     Long positions in shares and underlying shares of the Company

                                                        Number of ordinary shares and underlying shares held,
                                                                   capacity and nature of interest
                                                                                                           Approximate
                                                                                                          percentage of
                                                                                       Total interest    the Company’s
     Name of Director                      Nature of interest                               in shares      share capital


     Mr. ZHU Shunyan                       Equity derivative interests(1)                                      3,400,000                       0.03%
     Mr. TU Yanwu                          Beneficial owner and equity derivative                              1,088,500                       0.01%
                                              interests   (2)


     Mr. WU Yongming                       Beneficial owner                                                    1,262,000                       0.01%

     Notes:


     (1)      Subject to vesting, Mr. ZHU Shunyan is interested in 3,400,000 Shares underlying the 2,900,000 Options and 500,000 RSUs granted to him in
              accordance with the Share Award Scheme.


     (2)      Mr. TU Yanwu beneficially held 38,500 Shares and subject to vesting, he is interested in 1,050,000 Shares underlying 145,000 Options and
              905,000 RSUs granted to him in accordance with the Share Award Scheme.
                                                                                   ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2021 Annual Report           37




                                                                                                                          DIRECTORS’ REPORT


Long positions in shares and underlying shares of Alibaba Holding, an associated corporation of the
Company within the meaning of Part XV of the SFO.

                                                                                                                                       Approximate
                                                                                                                                      percentage of
                                                                                                    Number of shares/              issued shares of
                                                                                                    underlying shares                    associated
Name of Director                        Nature of interest                                                       held                   corporation


Mr. ZHU Shunyan                         Beneficial owner, equity derivative interests                            2,467,224*                       0.01%
                                           and interests of spouse        (1)


Mr. WU Yongming                         Beneficial owner and interests of spouse(2)                              1,632,000*                       0.01%
                                        Founder of a discretionary trust         (3)
                                                                                                               37,696,872*                        0.17%
Mr. XU Hong                             Beneficial owner and equity derivative                                     491,112*                       0.00%
                                           interests   (4)




Notes:


(1)      These interests represented 2,021,224* ordinary shares or underlying ordinary shares and 286,000* restricted share units beneficially held by
         Mr. ZHU Shunyan and 160,000* ordinary shares or underlying shares held by his spouse.


(2)      These interests represented 32,000* ordinary shares held by Mr. WU Yongming, and 1,600,000* ordinary shares held by his spouse.


(3)      These interests represented 37,696,872* ordinary shares or underlying ordinary shares held by two private discretionary trusts whereby Mr. WU
         Yongming is the founder.


(4)      These interests represented 148,112* ordinary shares or underlying ordinary shares and 343,000* restricted share units beneficially held by
         Mr. XU Hong.


*        Alibaba Holding approved to effect a one-to-eight share subdivision of its ordinary shares (the “Share Subdivision”) at the annual general meeting
         held on July 15, 2019. The Share Subdivision was effective on July 30, 2019. Accordingly, Alibaba Holding has changed its ratio of ordinary
         shares to American depositary shares (“ADSs”) from one ADS representing one ordinary share to one ADS representing eight ordinary shares.
         The ratio of restricted share units to ordinary shares of Alibaba Holding has also changed from one restricted share unit representing one
         ordinary share to one restricted share unit representing eight ordinary shares.
38   ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2021 Annual Report




     DIRECTORS’ REPORT


     Save as disclosed above, as at March 31, 2021, none of the Directors and chief executive had registered an interest
     or short position in the shares and underlying shares of the Company or any of its associated corporations that was
     required to be recorded pursuant to section 352 of the SFO, or as otherwise notified to the Company and the Stock
     Exchange pursuant to the Model Code.

     DIRECTORS’ AND CONTROLLING SHAREHOLDERS’ INTERESTS IN CONTRACTS OF SIGNIFICANCE

     Save as disclosed under the section headed “Connected Transactions” below and except for any perceived material
     interest in transactions between members of Alibaba Group and the Company due to their role as employees of
     Alibaba Holding or its subsidiaries as disclosed in the section headed “Biographical Information of Directors and
     Senior Management”, no Director or controlling Shareholder had a material interest, either directly or indirectly, in any
     contract of significance (whether for the provision of services to the Company or any of its subsidiaries or not) to the
     business of the Group to which the Company, its holding company, or any of its subsidiaries or fellow subsidiaries
     was a party during the year under review.

     ARRANGEMENT TO ACQUIRE SHARES AND DEBENTURES

     Save as disclosed under the section headed “Share Award Scheme”, at no time during the year was the Company
     or its subsidiaries a party to any arrangements to enable the Directors or chief executive of the Company or their
     spouses or children under the age of 18 to acquire benefits by means of the acquisition of shares in or debentures
     of the Company or any other body corporate.
                                                                                 ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2021 Annual Report           39




                                                                                                                         DIRECTORS’ REPORT


SUBSTANTIAL SHAREHOLDERS’ AND OTHER PERSONS’ INTERESTS OR SHORT POSITIONS IN SHARES
AND UNDERLYING SHARES

As at March 31, 2021, the following interests or short positions in the shares and underlying shares of the Company
were recorded in the register of interests required to be kept by the Company pursuant to section 336 of the SFO:

Long positions:

                                                                                                                  Number of         % of the issued
                                                                                                                      shares/           share capital
Name                                                 Note Capacity and nature of interest                underlying shares          of the Company


Alibaba Group Holding Limited                          (1)   Interest of controlled corporation                8,596,939,415                    63.74%
Perfect Advance Holding Limited                        (1)   Beneficial owner                                  3,103,816,661                    23.01%
                                                       (1)   Persons acting in concert                           932,337,347                     6.91%
Alibaba Investment Limited                             (1)   Interest of controlled corporation                4,036,154,008                    29.92%
Innovare Tech Limited                                  (1)   Beneficial owner                                  932,337,347                      6.91%
                                                       (1)   Persons acting in concert                         3,103,816,661                    23.01%
Yunfeng Fund II, L.P.                                  (1)   Interest of controlled corporation                4,036,154,008                    29.92%
Yunfeng Investment GP II, Ltd.                         (1)   Interest of controlled corporation                4,036,154,008                    29.92%
Yunfeng Investment II, L.P.                            (1)   Interest of controlled corporation                4,036,154,008                    29.92%
Mr. YU Feng                                            (1)   Interest of controlled corporation                4,036,154,008                    29.92%
Mr. MA Yun                                             (1)   Interest of controlled corporation                4,096,730,008                    30.37%
Ali JK Nutritional Products Holding Limited            (1)   Beneficial owner                                  4,560,785,407                    33.81%
Uni-Tech International Group Limited                   (2)   Beneficial owner                                    777,484,030                     5.76%
21CN Corporation                                       (2)   Interest of controlled corporation                  777,484,030                     5.76%
Pollon Internet Corporation                            (2)   Interest of controlled corporation                  777,484,030                     5.76%
Ms. CHEN Xiao Ying                                     (2)   Interest of controlled corporation                  777,484,030                     5.76%

Notes:


(1)      Perfect Advance Holding Limited (“Perfect Advance”) holds 3,103,816,661 shares of the Company and Innovare Tech Limited (“Innovare”) holds
         932,337,347 shares of the Company.


         On October 12, 2018, Innovare and Perfect Advance entered into a shareholders’ agreement which constitutes a concert party agreement for
         the purpose of section 317(1)(a) of the SFO, pursuant to which Perfect Advance enjoys a right of first refusal over the 932,337,347 shares in
         the Company held by Innovare.


         Alibaba Investment Limited (“AIL”) is wholly-owned by Alibaba Holding. Innovare is wholly controlled by Yunfeng Fund II, L.P., which is a direct
         wholly-owned subsidiary of Yunfeng Investment II, L.P. and an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of Yunfeng Investment GP II, Ltd. Yunfeng
         Investment GP II, Ltd. is owned by Mr. MA Yun as to 40% and Mr. YU Feng as to 60%. Accordingly, (i) each of Yunfeng Fund II, L.P.,
         Yunfeng Investment II, L.P., Yunfeng Investment GP II, Ltd. and Mr. YU Feng is also deemed to have an interest in 4,036,154,008 shares via
         Innovare; and (ii) Mr. MA Yun is deemed to have an interest in 4,036,154,008 shares via Innovare and 60,576,000 shares via Antfin (Hong
         Kong) Holding Limited through his controlled corporations within the meaning of Part XV of the SFO.
40   ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2021 Annual Report




     DIRECTORS’ REPORT


           Ali JK holds 4,560,785,407 shares. Ali JK is owned by Alibaba Holding as to 100%. Therefore, Alibaba Holding is deemed to have an interest
           in an aggregate of 8,596,939,415 shares via Perfect Advance and Ali JK within the meaning of Part XV of the SFO.


     (2)   Uni-Tech International Group Limited holds 777,484,030 shares and is wholly-owned by 21CN Corporation. 21CN Corporation is wholly-owned
           by Pollon Internet Corporation, which is wholly-owned by Ms. CHEN Xiao Ying.


     Save as disclosed above, as at March 31, 2021, there were no other parties who had registered an interest or short
     position in the shares or underlying shares of the Company that was required to be recorded pursuant to section
     336 of the SFO.

     CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS

     During the year ended March 31, 2021, the Group had the following connected and continuing connected
     transactions, details of which were disclosed in compliance with the requirements of Chapter 14A of the Listing
     Rules.

     (a)   Continuing Connected Transaction — Cloud Computing Services Agreement

           On March 27, 2020, Alibaba Health Technology (China) Company Limited^ (阿里健康科技（中國）有限公司)
           (formerly known as Alibaba Health Technology (Beijing) Co., Ltd.^ (阿里健康科技（北京）有限公司)) (“Alibaba
           Health (China)”), an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company (for itself and on behalf of its subsidiaries
           and affiliates), entered into the renewed cloud computing services agreement (the “2021 Cloud Computing
           Services Agreement”) with Alibaba Cloud (for itself and on behalf of its subsidiaries and affiliates), pursuant to
           which Alibaba Cloud agreed to provide certain cloud computing services (the “Cloud Computing Services”) to
           the Group for a term of one year from April 1, 2020 to March 31, 2021. The annual cap for the service fees
           payable by Alibaba Health (China) to Alibaba Cloud under the 2021 Cloud Computing Services Agreement was
           RMB50 million. The aggregate service fees incurred under the 2021 Cloud Computing Services Agreement
           during the year ended March 31, 2021 amounted to approximately RMB4.6 million (2020: approximately
           RMB5.8 million).

           On March 30, 2021, the same parties entered into the renewed cloud computing services framework
           agreement (the “2022 Cloud Computing Services Framework Agreement”) in relation to the provision of the
           Cloud Computing Services by Alibaba Cloud to the Group for a term of one year from April 1, 2021 to March
           31, 2022, with an annual cap of RMB118 million.

           The 2021 Cloud Computing Services Agreement and the 2022 Cloud Computing Services Framework
           Agreement allowed the Group to utilize the cloud computing services provided by Alibaba Cloud to ensure
           smooth operation of its systems and the stability of its various Internet healthcare solutions.

           Perfect Advance is a substantial shareholder and a connected person of the Company. Alibaba Holding is the
           ultimate shareholder of Perfect Advance and Alibaba Cloud is a member of Alibaba Group. Accordingly, each
           of Alibaba Holding and Alibaba Cloud is an associate of Perfect Advance and hence a connected person of the
           Company. The transactions contemplated under the 2021 Cloud Computing Services Agreement and the 2022
           Cloud Computing Services Framework Agreement thus constitute continuing connected transactions of the
           Company in accordance with the Listing Rules.
                                                             ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2021 Annual Report   41




                                                                                                DIRECTORS’ REPORT


(b)   Continuing Connected Transaction — Outsourced Services Framework Agreement

      On March 27, 2020, Taobao Holding Limited (“Taobao Holding”, together with its subsidiaries and affiliates,
      “Taobao Group”) and Alibaba Health Information Technology (Beijing) Co., Ltd^ (阿里健康信息技術（北京）有限
      公司) (“Alibaba Health Information (Beijing)”) entered into the renewed outsourced services framework
      agreement (the “2021 Outsourced Services Framework Agreement”) for a term of one year from April 1, 2020
      to March 31, 2021, pursuant to which Alibaba Health Information (Beijing) agreed to provide Taobao Group
      with merchant-related outsourced and value-added services (the “Outsourced Services”) in respect of certain
      categories of products or services sold on or offered on Tmall, Tmall Global and Tmall Supermarket (as
      specified in the announcement of the Company dated March 27, 2020) (the “Relevant Categories”). The annual
      cap for the service fees payable to the Group during the term of the 2021 Outsourced Services Framework
      Agreement was RMB210 million and the aggregate service fees received by the Group under the 2021
      Outsourced Services Framework Agreement during the year ended March 31, 2021 amounted to approximately
      RMB105.7 million (2020: RMB93.8 million).

      On March 30, 2021, Taobao Holding and Alibaba Health Technology (Hainan) Co., Ltd.^ (阿里健康科技（海南）
      有限公司) (for itself and on behalf of its subsidiaries) (“Alibaba Health (Hainan)”) entered into the renewed
      outsourced services framework agreement (the “2022 Outsourced Services Framework Agreement”) for a term
      of one year from April 1, 2021 to March 31, 2022, pursuant to which Alibaba Health (Hainan) agreed to
      provide Taobao Group with the Outsourced Services on Tmall, Tmall Supermarket and Tmall Global. The
      annual cap for the service fees payable to the Group during the term of the 2022 Outsourced Services
      Framework Agreement was RMB185 million.

      Since the completion of the Ali JK ZNS Acquisition in April 2020, Taobao Holding no longer requires the
      Outsourced Services provided under the 2021 Outsourced Services Framework Agreement for the Relevant
      Categories due to the transfer of ownership of merchant relationships to the Group. As such, for the avoidance
      of doubt, Tmall Global Products and Services (as defined in the announcement of the Company dated March
      27, 2020 and referred to in the circular of the Company dated March 11, 2020) have been excluded from the
      certain product categories or services offered on Tmall from time to time of which Outsourced Services are
      provided.

      Since the Outsourced Services remain within the existing skill set of the Group given that it has been
      developing its own pharmaceutical e-commerce, Internet healthcare, and intelligent medicine businesses, the
      service fees received under the 2021 Outsourced Services Framework Agreement and the 2022 Outsourced
      Services Framework Agreement continue to be one of the steady growing sources of revenue for our Group.

      Since Taobao Holding is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Alibaba Holding, Taobao Holding and its subsidiaries are
      associates of Perfect Advance, and hence connected persons of the Company. The transactions contemplated
      under the 2021 Outsourced Services Framework Agreement and the 2022 Outsourced Services Framework
      Agreement thus constitute continuing connected transactions of the Company in accordance with the Listing
      Rules.
42   ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2021 Annual Report




     DIRECTORS’ REPORT


     (c)   Continuing Connected Transaction — Platform Services Framework Agreement

           On February 7, 2020, the Company (for itself and on behalf of its subsidiaries) entered into a renewed platform
           services framework agreement with Alibaba Holding (the “2021 Platform Services Framework Agreement”) (as
           supplemented by a supplemental agreement dated April 1, 2020, details of which are set out in the
           announcement of the Company dated April 1, 2020) for a term of one year from April 1, 2020 to March 31,
           2021, pursuant to which Alibaba Holding agreed that its relevant entities (the “AGH Relevant Entities”) shall
           provide various platform services (the “Platform Services”) to the Group, and the Group shall pay the service
           fees calculated in accordance with the standard terms and conditions as amended and published on the
           respective online sales platforms operated by the AGH Relevant Entities from time to time. The annual cap for
           the service fees payable by the Group for the year ended March 31, 2021 was RMB651 million, as approved
           by the independent Shareholders at the adjourned special general meeting of the Company held on April 9,
           2020. The aggregate service fees incurred under the 2021 Platform Services Framework Agreement for the year
           ended March 31, 2021 amounted to approximately RMB301.2 million (2020: RMB262.5 million).

           On February 5, 2021, the Company and Alibaba Holding entered into the renewed platform services framework
           agreement (the “2022 Platform Services Framework Agreement”), in relation to the provision of the Platform
           Services from the AGH Relevant Entities to the Group, for a term of one year commencing on April 1, 2021
           and ending on March 31, 2022, with an annual cap of RMB695 million, as approved by the independent
           Shareholders at the special general meeting of the Company held on March 29, 2021.

           The Company believes that by marketing and selling products or services on the online sales platforms
           operated by the AGH Relevant Entities under the 2021 Platform Services Framework Agreement and the 2022
           Platform Services Framework Agreement, the Group will be able to reach out to more customers and improve
           its understanding of their needs to facilitate product circulation along the pharmaceutical and healthcare
           products retail chain to offer quality products and services at competitive prices.

           As Alibaba Holding controls the AGH Relevant Entities, each of the members of the AGH Relevant Entities is a
           connected person of the Company. The transactions contemplated under the 2021 Platform Services
           Framework Agreement and the 2022 Platform Services Framework Agreement thus constitute continuing
           connected transactions of the Company, and were approved by the independent Shareholders at the special
           general meetings held on April 9, 2020 and March 29, 2021, respectively, in accordance with the Listing
           Rules.
                                                               ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2021 Annual Report   43




                                                                                                  DIRECTORS’ REPORT


(d)   Continuing Connected Transactions — Agency Agreement

      On March 27, 2020 (as supplemented by an announcement of the Company dated April 1, 2020), Hangzhou
      Alimama Software Services Co., Ltd.^ (杭州阿里媽媽軟件服務有限公司) (for itself and on behalf of its
      subsidiaries) (“Alimama”), Alibaba Health (Hong Kong) Technology Company Limited (阿里健康（香港）科技有限
      公司) (for itself and on behalf of its subsidiaries) (“Alibaba Health (HK)”) and Shanghai Quan Tudou Cultural
      Communications Company Limited^ (上海全土豆文化傳播有限公司) (for itself and on behalf of its subsidiaries)
      (“Youku”) entered into the renewed agency agreement (the “2021 Agency Agreement”) for a term of one year
      commenced on April 1, 2020 and ended on March 31, 2021. Pursuant to the 2021 Agency Agreement,
      Alibaba Health (HK) (for itself and on behalf of its subsidiaries), as the marketing agent, agreed to refer
      contracted clients of Alibaba Health (HK) and its subsidiaries (the “Alibaba Health Group”) to purchase, and
      Alimama and Youku (together, the “Advertising Parties”), as the marketing services providers, agreed to provide
      to Alibaba Health Group’s contracted clients, various marketing and advertising services on the marketing and
      branding platforms provided by the Advertising Parties and/or its affiliated companies (the “Marketing Services”)
      during the term of the 2021 Agency Agreement. The annual cap for the incentive fees to be received by the
      Group under the 2021 Agency Agreement for the year ended March 31, 2021 was RMB100 million. The
      aggregate incentive fees received by the Group for the year ended March 31, 2021 amounted to approximately
      RMB0.1 million (2020: approximately RMB2.9 million).

      On March 30, 2021, Alibaba Health (HK) and Alimama entered into the renewed agency agreement (the “2022
      Agency Agreement”) in relation to the provision of the Marketing Services from Alimama and/or its affiliates to
      the contracted clients of Alibaba Health Group, for a term of one year commencing on April 1, 2021 and
      ending on March 31, 2022, with an annual cap of RMB25 million.

      By entering into the 2021 Agency Agreement and the 2022 Agency Agreement with Alimama and/or its
      affiliates, which operate well-established marketing platforms, the Group believes that more diversified options
      can be provided to the customers together with the Group’s marketing resources. At the same time, collecting
      incentive fees from Alibaba Group and other marketing and promotion services providers will provide additional
      income for the Group and will be beneficial to the long-term development of the Group.

      As Alimama and/or its affiliates is a member of Alibaba Holding, it is an associate of Perfect Advance and
      hence a connected person of the Company. The transactions contemplated under the 2021 Agency
      Agreement and the 2022 Agency Agreement thus constitute continuing connected transactions of the Company
      in accordance with the Listing Rules.
44   ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2021 Annual Report




     DIRECTORS’ REPORT


     (e)   Continuing Connected Transactions — Logistics Services Framework Agreement

           On February 7, 2020, Alibaba Health (HK) entered into the renewed logistics services framework agreement (the
           “2021 Logistics Services Framework Agreement”) (as supplemented by a supplemental agreement dated April
           1, 2020, details of which are set out in the announcement of the Company dated April 1, 2020) with
           Hangzhou Cainiao Supply Chain Management Co., Ltd.^ (杭州菜鳥供應鏈管理有限公司) (for itself and on behalf
           of its subsidiaries and affiliates) (“Hangzhou Cainiao”), pursuant to which Cainiao Smart Logistics Network
           Limited (“Cainiao Smart Logistics”), the ultimate controlling shareholder of Hangzhou Cainiao, and its
           subsidiaries (collectively, the “Cainiao Group”) agreed to provide various logistics services including but not
           limited to warehouse operation and storage services, domestic and international delivery services, customs
           registration and clearance services, standard and special packaging services and other value-added and
           logistics services (the “Logistics Services”) to the Group and the Group agreed to pay the service fees. The
           term of the 2021 Logistics Services Framework Agreement commenced from April 1, 2020 and ended on
           March 31, 2021. The annual cap for the service fees under the 2021 Logistics Services Framework Agreement
           was RMB450 million, as approved by the independent Shareholders at the adjourned special general meeting
           of the Company held on April 9, 2020. The aggregate service fees incurred under the 2021 Logistics Services
           Framework Agreement for the year ended March 31, 2021 amounted to approximately RMB242.5 million (2020:
           approximately RMB103.6 million).

           On February 5, 2021, the Company entered into the renewed logistics services framework agreement (the
           “2022 Logistics Services Framework Agreement”), pursuant to which Hangzhou Cainiao agreed that Cainiao
           Group will provide the Logistics Services to the Group for a term of one year commencing from April 1, 2021
           and ending on March 31, 2022 with an annual cap of RMB525 million, as approved by the independent
           Shareholders at the special general meeting held on March 29, 2021.

           As the Company has been selling pharmaceutical and healthcare products online, it requires efficient and
           reliable logistics services to enable its products to be safely and promptly delivered to its customers.
           Accordingly, the Company entered into the 2021 Logistics Services Framework Agreement and the 2022
           Logistics Services Framework Agreement with Hangzhou Cainiao, to capitalize on the logistics data platform
           and global fulfilment network of Cainiao Group, and to provide efficient and reliable domestic and international
           one-stop-shop logistics services to the Group’s customers for fulfilling their different logistics needs.

           As Alibaba Holding holds majority interests in Cainiao Smart Logistics, the ultimate controlling shareholder of
           Hangzhou Cainiao, Hangzhou Cainiao and any other members of the Cainiao Group are associates of Perfect
           Advance, and hence the connected persons of the Company. The transactions contemplated under the 2021
           Logistics Services Framework Agreement and the 2022 Logistics Services Framework Agreement thus
           constitute continuing connected transactions of the Company and were approved by the independent
           Shareholders at the special general meetings held on April 9, 2020 and March 29, 2021, respectively, in
           accordance with the Listing Rules.
                                                              ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2021 Annual Report   45




                                                                                                 DIRECTORS’ REPORT


(f)   Continuing Connected Transactions — Shared Services Agreement

      On March 27, 2020, the Company entered into the renewed shared services agreement (the “2021 Shared
      Services Agreement”) with Alibaba Holding, pursuant to which Alibaba Holding shall procure certain shared
      service providers (the “Alibaba Services Providers”), including Alibaba Holding and persons controlled by it, to
      provide to the Group certain shared services (the “Shared Services”), including office premises sharing and
      various support services for a term of one year from April 1, 2020 to March 31, 2021. The annual cap for the
      service fees payable under the 2021 Shared Services Agreement was RMB250 million (which was revised to
      RMB320 million pursuant to an announcement of the Company dated January 18, 2021). The aggregate
      service fees incurred under the 2021 Shared Services Agreement for the year ended March 31, 2021
      amounted to approximately RMB262.1 million (2020: approximately RMB103.4 million).

      On March 30, 2021, the same parties entered into the renewed shared services agreement (the “2022 Shared
      Services Agreement”), pursuant to which the Alibaba Service Providers shall provide the Shared Services to the
      Group, for a term of one year commencing from April 1, 2021 and ending on March 31, 2022, with an annual
      cap of RMB470 million.

      The Company believes that the entering into of the 2021 Shared Services Agreement and the 2022 Shared
      Services Agreement will allow the Company to better leverage on the mature infrastructure and coverage
      already built by Alibaba Group and promote better cooperation between Alibaba Group and the Company.

      As Alibaba Holding is a connected person of the Company, the transactions contemplated under the 2021
      Shared Services Agreement and the 2022 Shared Services Agreement thus constitute continuing connected
      transactions of the Company in accordance with the Listing Rules.

(g)   Connected Transaction — 2021–2023 Framework Technical Services Agreement

      On March 27 2020, Zhejiang Tmall Technology Co., Ltd^ (浙江天貓技術有限公司) (“Tmall Technology”) and
      Zhejiang Tmall Network Co., Ltd^ (浙江天貓網絡有限公司) (“Tmall Network”, together with Tmall Technology, the
      “Tmall Entities”) and Alibaba Health Technology (Hangzhou) Co., Ltd^ (阿里健康科技（杭州）有限公司) (formerly
      known as Hangzhou Hengping Information Technology Co., Ltd^ (杭州衡平信息科技有限公司) (“Alibaba Health
      (Hangzhou)”) entered into the renewed framework technical services agreement (the “2021–2023 Framework
      Technical Services Agreement”). The term of the 2021–2023 Framework Technical Services Agreement
      commenced on April 1, 2020 and will end on March 31, 2023, unless otherwise terminated in accordance with
      the terms thereunder. Pursuant to the 2021–2023 Framework Technical Services Agreement, the Tmall Entities
      shall provide certain infrastructure technical support (the “Blue Cap Technical Services”) for the operation of
      Tmall in respect of Blue Cap Products (as defined in the announcement of the Company dated March 27,
      2020) to Alibaba Health (Hangzhou) for a service fee. The annual cap for the service fees payable under the
      2021–2023 Framework Technical Services Agreement was RMB100 million, RMB130 million and RMB170
      million, respectively for each of the financial years ended March 31, 2021, and ending March 31, 2022 and
      2023, respectively. The aggregate service fees incurred under the 2021–2023 Framework Technical Services
      Agreement during the year ended March 31, 2021 amounted to approximately RMB69.5 million (2020:
      approximately RMB59.7 million).
46   ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2021 Annual Report




     DIRECTORS’ REPORT


           The Company considers the entering into of the 2021–2023 Framework Technical Services Agreement is
           necessary because the technical support and services from Tmall to the Company are crucial to allow the
           relevant merchants to operate on Tmall.

           As the Tmall Entities are members of Alibaba Group, they are connected persons of the Company. The
           transactions contemplated under the 2021–2023 Framework Technical Services Agreement thus constitute
           continuing connected transactions of the Company in accordance with the Listing Rules.

     (h)   Connected Transaction — Framework Technical Services Agreement

           On May 28, 2018, the Tmall Entities and Hangzhou Lukang Health Technology Co., Ltd^ (杭州鹿康健康科技有
           限公司) (formerly known as Hangzhou Hengping Health Technology Co., Ltd^ (杭州衡憑健康科技有限公司))
           (“Hangzhou Lukang”) entered into the framework technical services agreement (the “2018 Framework Technical
           Services Agreement”). The term of the 2018 Framework Technical Services Agreement commenced on August
           3, 2018, being the day following completion of the Share Purchase Agreement dated May 28, 2018 in relation
           to the acquisition of 100% equity interest in Ali JK Medical Products Limited and ended on March 31, 2021.
           Pursuant to the 2018 Framework Technical Services Agreement, the Tmall Entities shall provide software
           technical support services relating to the operation of Tmall (the “Software Technical Services”) in respect of
           certain categories of products or services platforms (as specified in the announcement of the Company dated
           May 29, 2018) to Hangzhou Lukang for a service fee. The annual cap for the service fees payable under the
           2018 Framework Technical Services Agreement was RMB315 million, RMB590 million and RMB825 million
           (which was revised to RMB950 million pursuant to a circular of the Company dated February 5, 2021 and
           approved by the independent Shareholders at the special general meeting held on March 1, 2021) for each of
           the financial years ended March 31, 2019, 2020 and 2021, respectively. The aggregate service fees incurred
           under the 2018 Framework Technical Services Agreement during the year ended March 31, 2021 amounted to
           approximately RMB794.6 million (2020: approximately RMB500.5 million).

           On February 5, 2021, the Tmall Entities entered into the renewed framework technical services agreement (the
           “2022 Framework Technical Services Agreement”) with Alibaba Health (Hangzhou) and Alibaba Health (Hainan),
           pursuant to which the Tmall Entities agreed to provide the Software Technical Services, for a term of one year
           commencing from April 1, 2021 and ending on March 31, 2022 with an annual cap of RMB1,250 million, as
           approved by the independent Shareholders at the special general meeting held on March 29, 2021.

           The Company considers the entering into of the 2018 Framework Technical Services Agreement and the 2022
           Framework Technical Services Agreement is necessary because the technical support and services from Tmall
           to the Company are crucial to allow the relevant merchants to operate on Tmall.

           As the Tmall Entities are members of Alibaba Group, they are connected persons of the Company and the
           transactions contemplated under the 2018 Framework Technical Services Agreement and the 2022 Framework
           Technical Services Agreement thus constitute continuing connected transactions of the Company, and were
           approved by the independent Shareholders at the special general meetings held on August 1, 2018 and March
           29, 2021, respectively, in accordance with the Listing Rules.
                                                               ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2021 Annual Report   47




                                                                                                  DIRECTORS’ REPORT


(i)   Connected Transaction — Share Purchase Agreement and Taobao Framework Technical Services
      Agreement

      On February 6, 2020, the Company entered into a share purchase agreement (the “Share Purchase
      Agreement”) with Ali JK, pursuant to which the Company acquired 100% equity interest in Ali JK ZNS Limited,
      an offshore holding vehicle incorporated under the laws of the British Virgin Islands by Ali JK to hold the target
      business. The aggregate consideration of HK$8.075 billion was satisfied by the Company issuing 860,874,200
      consideration shares to Ali JK at completion, which took place on April 9, 2020. In connection with the
      transaction contemplated under the Share Purchase Agreement, Taobao Holding and the Company entered into
      a framework technical services agreement (the “Taobao Framework Technical Services Agreement”) on
      February 6, 2020. The term of the Taobao Framework Technical Services Agreement commenced on the day
      following completion of the Share Purchase Agreement and will end on March 31, 2023, unless otherwise
      mutually agreed between the parties. Pursuant to the Taobao Framework Technical Services Agreement,
      Taobao Holding and its subsidiaries will provide infrastructure technical support for the operation of the
      platforms on Tmall and Tmall Global in respect of certain categories of products or services sold on these
      platforms (as specified in the announcement of the Company dated February 6, 2020) to the Company for a
      service fee. The annual cap for the service fees payable under the Taobao Framework Technical Services
      Agreement was RMB262 million, RMB464 million and RMB799 million for each of the financial year ended
      March 31, 2021, and ending March 31, 2022 and 2023, respectively, as approved by the independent
      Shareholders at the adjourned special general meeting held on April 9, 2020. The service fees incurred under
      the Taobao Framework Technical Services Agreement during the financial year ended March 31, 2021
      amounted to approximately RMB177.9 million.

      The Company believes that its acquisition of the target business will enable it to: (a) further develop into
      Alibaba Group’s healthcare flagship platform; (b) bring in an even broader set of merchants into the online
      healthcare community to enrich the ecosystem, and to organically complement and supplement the Company’s
      four main businesses: pharmaceutical e-commerce, Internet healthcare, intelligent medicine and product
      tracking platform services; and (c) obtain more stable and sustainable revenue growth. In addition, the
      Company considers the entering into of the Taobao Framework Technical Services Agreement is necessary
      because the technical support and services from Taobao Holding and its subsidiaries to the Company are
      crucial to allow the relevant merchants to operate on the platforms of Tmall and Tmall Global.

      Perfect Advance is a substantial shareholder and a connected person of the Company. Ali JK is a direct
      wholly-owned subsidiary of Alibaba Holding and Alibaba Holding is the ultimate shareholder of Perfect Advance
      and Ali JK. Accordingly, the transaction contemplated under the Share Purchase Agreement constituted a
      discloseable and connected transaction of the Company in accordance with the Listing Rules. In addition,
      Taobao Holding is a subsidiary of Alibaba Holding and therefore a connected person of the Company and the
      transactions contemplated under the Taobao Framework Technical Services Agreement thus constitute
      continuing connected transactions of the Company. Independent Shareholders approved the Share Purchase
      Agreement and the Taobao Framework Technical Services Agreement and the transactions contemplated
      thereunder at the adjourned special general meeting held on April 9, 2020 in accordance with the Listing
      Rules.
48   ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2021 Annual Report




     DIRECTORS’ REPORT


     (j)   Continuing Connected Transactions — Payment Services Framework Agreement

           On March 27, 2020, the Company entered into the renewed payment services framework agreement (the
           “2021 Payment Services Framework Agreement”) with Alipay.com Co., Ltd.^ (支付寶（中國）網絡技術有限公司)
           (“Alipay”), pursuant to which Alipay agreed to provide certain payment services (the “Payment Services”) to the
           Group and the Group agreed to pay the service fees. The term of the 2021 Payment Services Framework
           Agreement commenced from April 1, 2020 and ended on March 31, 2021. The annual cap for the service fees
           payable under the 2020 Payment Services Framework Agreement was RMB120 million. The aggregate service
           fees incurred under the 2021 Payment Services Framework Agreement during the year ended March 31, 2021
           amounted to approximately RMB66.1 million (2020: approximately RMB40.4 million).

           On March 30, 2021, the same parties entered into the renewed payment services framework agreement (the
           “2022 Payment Services Framework Agreement”), pursuant to which Alipay agreed to provide the Payment
           Services to the Group, for a term of one year commencing from April 1, 2021 and ending on March 31, 2022
           with an annual cap of RMB137 million.

           As part of the Group’s business, the Company has been marketing and selling products or services online as
           an online merchant which requires efficient and reliable payment services. By entering into the 2021 Payment
           Services Framework Agreement and the 2022 Payment Services Framework Agreement, the Group will be able
           to utilize the Payment Services provided by Alipay to enable safe and prompt real-time payment for its online
           transactions.

           Perfect Advance is a substantial shareholder and a connected person of the Company. Alibaba Holding is the
           ultimate shareholder of Perfect Advance. Since Ant Group Co., Ltd. (螞蟻科技集團股份有限公司) (formerly
           known as Ant Small and Micro Financial Services Group Co., Ltd.^ (浙江螞蟻小微金融服務集團股份有限公司))
           (“Ant Financial”) is indirectly held by Alibaba Holding as to 33% of its equity interest and Alipay is a
           wholly-owned subsidiary of Ant Financial, each of Ant Financial and Alipay is an associate of Perfect Advance
           and thus a connected person of the Company.

           Accordingly, the transactions contemplated under the 2021 Payment Services Framework Agreement and the
           2022 Payment Services Framework Agreement constitute continuing connected transactions of the Company in
           accordance with the Listing Rules.

     (k)   Continuing Connected Transactions — Tracking Services Framework Agreement

           On March 27, 2020, Alibaba Health (HK) entered into the renewed tracking services agreement (the “2021
           Tracking Services Agreement”) with Taobao China Holding Limited (淘寶中國控股有限公司) (“Taobao China”),
           pursuant to which Alibaba Health (HK) agreed that the Group will provide Taobao China and its subsidiaries
           with certain tracking services (the “Tracking Services”). The annual cap for the service fees payable under the
           2021 Tracking Services Agreement for the year ended March 31, 2021 was RMB10 million and the aggregate
           service fees incurred under the 2021 Tracking Services Agreement for the year ended March 31, 2021
           amounted to approximately RMB1.6 million (2020: approximately RMB2.0 million).
                                                               ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2021 Annual Report   49




                                                                                                  DIRECTORS’ REPORT


      On March 30, 2021, Alibaba Health (HK) entered into the renewed tracking services framework agreement (the
      “2022 Tracking Services Framework Agreement”) with Taobao China, pursuant to which the Group agreed to
      provide to Taobao China and its subsidiaries and affiliates the Tracking Services for a term commencing on
      April 1, 2021 and ending on March 31, 2022. The annual cap for the service fees payable under the 2022
      Tracking Services Framework Agreement for the year ended March 31, 2021 was RMB5 million.

      The provision of tracking services to Taobao China pursuant to the 2021 Tracking Services Agreement and the
      2022 Tracking Services Framework Agreement enables the Group to further leverage on its prior accumulated
      technical and operational experience in the development of product tracking platforms and thereby increase its
      sources of revenue and enhance its operational efficiency.

      Perfect Advance is a substantial shareholder and a connected person of the Company. Alibaba Holding is the
      ultimate shareholder of Perfect Advance. As Taobao China is an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of Alibaba
      Holding, Taobao China is an associate of Perfect Advance and hence a connected person of the Company.
      The transactions contemplated under the 2021 Tracking Services Agreement and the 2022 Tracking Services
      Framework Agreement thus constitute continuing connected transactions of the Company in accordance with
      the Listing Rules.

(l)   Continuing Connected Transactions — Lease Agreement

      On April 15, 2019, Alibaba Health (China) and Taobao (China) Software Co., Ltd.^ (淘寶（中國）軟件有限公司)
      (“Taobao Software”) entered into the lease agreement (the “Lease Agreement”), pursuant to which Alibaba
      Health (China) agreed to sublet 23rd floor, Building No. 11, 4th District, Wangjing East Park, Chaoyang District,
      Beijing, the PRC (the “Premises”) to Taobao Software for a term commenced from April 15, 2019 to March
      31, 2021 at a monthly rent of approximately RMB776,000 (inclusive of tax). The total annual sum to be
      received by the Group under the Lease Agreement for each of the financial years ended March 31, 2020
      and March 31, 2021 was expected to be no more than RMB8,747,000 (inclusive of the first management
      service fee advanced by Alibaba Health (China) and be repaid by Taobao Software) and RMB8,717,000,
      respectively. The total annual sum received by the Group under the Lease Agreement during the year ended
      March 31, 2021 amounted to approximately RMB7.4 million.

      By entering into the Lease Agreement, the Group agreed to sublet the Premises at market rates to Taobao
      Software in order to enable better deployment and sharing of resources with Alibaba Group.

      Perfect Advance is a substantial shareholder and a connected person of the Company. Alibaba Holding is the
      ultimate shareholder of Perfect Advance and Taobao Software is a member of Alibaba Group. Accordingly,
      Taobao Software is a connected person of the Company and thus the transactions contemplated under the
      Lease Agreement constitute continuing connected transactions of the Company in accordance with the Listing
      Rules.
50   ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2021 Annual Report




     DIRECTORS’ REPORT


     (m)   Continuing Connected Transactions — Koubei Services Framework Agreement

           On January 3, 2020, Alibaba Health (China), entered into the services framework agreement (the “2021 Koubei
           Services Framework Agreement”) with Koubei (Shanghai) Information Technology Co., Ltd.^ (口碑（上海）信息技
           術有限公司) (“Koubei Shanghai”), pursuant to which Koubei Shanghai agreed, via the Group, to provide
           business sourcing and promotion services (including system software services and other payable services) to
           merchants under certain categories of products or services (as defined in the announcement of the Company
           dated January 3, 2020) referred by the Group, for a term commencing on January 3, 2020 and ending on
           March 31, 2021. The annual cap for the service fees under the Koubei Services Framework Agreement for the
           period from January 3, 2020 to March 31 2020, and the financial year ended March 31, 2021 was RMB15
           million and RMB95 million, respectively. The aggregate service fees incurred under the Koubei Services
           Framework Agreement for the period from January 3, 2020 to March 31 2020, and the financial year ended
           March 31, 2021 was nil and RMB27.0 million, respectively.

           On March 30, 2021, the same parties entered into a renewed services framework agreement (the “2022 Koubei
           Services Framework Agreement”), pursuant to which each party (together with its respective affiliates) agreed to
           refer merchants providing healthcare and pharmaceutical products and services (the “Counterparties’ Platform
           Services Categories”) to the other party (and its affiliates) for registering with platforms operated by such other
           party (and its affiliates). In doing so, the party who is referring a merchant to the other party shall provide,
           among other things, promotion services, consultation services and technical support and business development
           services to merchants, for a term commencing on April 1, 2021 and ending on March 31, 2022. The annual
           cap for the service fees payable by the Group as a service recipient and chargeable by the Group as a service
           provider under the 2022 Koubei Services Framework Agreement for the year ending March 31, 2022 was
           RMB5 million and RMB5 million, respectively.

           Each of the Group and Koubei Shanghai (and its affiliates) possesses its respective strengths and merchant
           network from the operation of the respective e-commerce platforms. By entering into the 2021 Koubei Services
           Framework Agreement and the 2022 Koubei Services Framework Agreement, the parties will be able to
           complement their strengths and resources from their respective merchant network to mutually develop, expand
           and consolidate their merchant base under the Counterparties’ Platform Services Categories, while delivering to
           the merchants more business opportunities and channels to reach end-users by launching their products and
           services under a wider range of complementary platforms. By establishing a cooperation relationship with
           Koubei Shanghai and its affiliates, the Group will be able to capitalize on the merchant network of Koubei
           Shanghai and its affiliates to capture growth opportunities that comes with the rising demand of products and
           services under the Counterparties’ Platform Services Categories.

           Perfect Advance is a substantial shareholder and a connected person of the Company. Alibaba Holding is the
           ultimate shareholder of Perfect Advance and Koubei Shanghai is a consolidated entity of Alibaba Holding.
           Accordingly, Koubei Shanghai is also a connected person of the Company. The transactions contemplated
           under the 2021 Koubei Services Framework Agreement and 2022 Koubei Services Framework Agreement
           constitute continuing connected transactions of the Company in accordance with the Listing Rules.
                                                                ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2021 Annual Report   51




                                                                                                   DIRECTORS’ REPORT


(n)   Continuing Connected Transactions — Supply and Purchase Framework Agreement

      On March 27, 2020, the Company entered into the renewed supply and purchase framework agreement (the
      “Supply and Purchase Framework Agreement”) with Alibaba.com Singapore E-Commerce Private Limited (for
      itself and on behalf of its subsidiaries and affiliates) (“Alibaba Singapore”), pursuant to which the Company has
      agreed that the Group shall supply and/or purchase various products to or from Alibaba Group on the
      platforms and stored operated by Alibaba Group from time to time (the “Supply and Purchase of Products”)
      and shall also provide other related services, including daily maintenance, inventory control, pricing, promotional
      activities and packaging in accordance with the standard agreements and terms and conditions as agreed by
      the parties from time to time, for a term commenced from April 1, 2020 and ended on March 31, 2021. The
      annual cap under the Supply and Purchase Framework Agreement was RMB50 million (in relation to supply of
      products) and RMB150 million (in relation to purchase of products), respectively. The aggregate purchases
      incurred under the Supply and Purchase Framework Agreement for the year ended March 31, 2021 amounted
      to approximately RMB10.1 million (2020: approximately RMB30.1 million). The aggregate supplies incurred
      under the 2021 Supply and Purchase Framework Agreement for the year ended March 31, 2021 amounted to
      approximately RMB0.2 million (2020: RMB1.6 million).

      The Company believes that the entering into the Supply and Purchase Framework Agreement allows the Group
      to procure products from and market and sell products on or through platforms, stores and distribution
      channels operated by Alibaba Group, which will be able to expand its product portfolio, broaden its customer
      base and the source of procurement and generate higher sales volume.

      Alibaba Singapore is an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of Alibaba Holding. Accordingly, Alibaba Singapore is
      an associate of Perfect Advance and hence a connected person of the Company. The transactions
      contemplated under the Supply and Purchase Framework Agreement thus constitute continuing connected
      transactions of the Company in accordance with the Listing Rules.

(o)   Continuing Connected Transactions — Advertising Services Framework Agreement

      On February 7, 2020, the Company (for itself and on behalf of its subsidiaries) and Alibaba Holding (for itself
      and on behalf of its subsidiaries and affiliates) entered into the renewed advertising service framework
      agreement (the “2021 Advertising Service Framework Agreement”) (as supplemented by a supplemental
      agreement dated April 1, 2020, details of which are set out in the announcement of the Company dated April
      1, 2020) for a term commenced from April 1, 2020 and ended on March 31, 2021, pursuant to which Alibaba
      Group provided certain advertising services, including but not limited to the display of advertisements on the
      various platforms supported by Alibaba Group (the “Advertising Services”), in return for the advertising fees
      which shall be calculated in accordance with the underlying standard advertising services agreements and the
      standard terms and conditions as amended and published on Alibaba Group’s online platforms from time to
      time. The annual cap for the service fees payable under the 2021 Advertising Services Framework Agreement
      was RMB500 million, as approved by the independent Shareholders at the adjourned special general meeting
      held on April 9, 2020. The aggregate service fees incurred under the 2021 Advertising Service Framework
      Agreement for the year ended March 31, 2021 amounted to approximately RMB378.6 million (2020:
      approximately RMB188.9 million).
52   ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2021 Annual Report




     DIRECTORS’ REPORT


           On February 5, 2021, the same parties entered into the renewed advertising services framework agreement (the
           “2022 Advertising Services Framework Agreement”) in relation to the provision of the Advertising Services
           provided by Alibaba Group to the Group for a term of one year commencing from April 1, 2021 and ending on
           March 31, 2022, with an annual cap of RMB1,150 million, as approved by the independent Shareholders at the
           special general meeting held on March 29, 2021.

           The Group believes that the advertising services and resources provided by Alibaba Group are effective
           marketing tools and will enable the Group to reach out to more customers and boost the sales of the Group’s
           and its clients’ products. Hence, the Group intends to allocate more resources in advertising services provided
           by Alibaba Group going forward and considers that the entering into of the 2021 Advertising Services
           Framework Agreement and the 2022 Advertising Services Framework Agreement would facilitate the
           administration of the purchase of Advertising Services by the Group.

           Perfect Advance is a substantial shareholder and a connected person of the Company. Alibaba Holding is the
           ultimate shareholder of Perfect Advance and accordingly a connected person of the Company. The
           transactions contemplated under the 2021 Advertising Services Framework Agreement and the 2022
           Advertising Services Framework Agreement constitute continuing connected transactions for the Company in
           accordance with the Listing Rules and were approved by the independent Shareholders at the special general
           meetings held on April 9, 2020 and March 29, 2021, respectively, in accordance with the Listing Rules.

     (p)   Continuing Connected Transactions — Software Services Framework Agreement

           On May 5, 2020 the Company entered into the software services framework agreement (the “2021 Software
           Services Framework Agreement”) with Taobao Holding, pursuant to which the Group shall provide Taobao
           Group with certain software services including e-commerce platform operation and maintenance, Merchants (as
           defined in the announcement of the Company dated May 5, 2020) management services, technical
           development, Merchants admission system and product quality control system (the “Software Services”) which
           enable the Merchants on to sell products and/or offer services offered by the merchants under Tmall and Tmall
           Global (together, the “Tmall Platforms”) for a term commenced from May 5, 2020 to March 31, 2021. The
           annual cap for the service fees payable under the 2021 Software Services Framework Agreement was RMB148
           million. The aggregate service fees incurred under the 2021 Software Services Framework Agreement for the
           period from May 5, 2020 to March 31, 2021 amounted to approximately RMB34.2 million.

           On March 30, 2021, the same parties entered into the renewed software framework services agreement (the
           “2022 Software Services Framework Agreement”), pursuant to which the Group shall provide the Software
           Services to the Taobao Group, for a term of one year commencing from April 1, 2021 and ending on March
           31, 2022, with an annual cap of RMB43 million.

           The Company believes that the entering into of the 2021 Software Services Framework Agreement and the
           2022 Software Services Framework Agreement will allow the Group to generate revenue and to better optimize
           its resources as Alibaba Group’s healthcare flagship platform, but also provides marketing opportunities for the
           Group to expand its product portfolio and broaden its customer base. This enables the Group to capture
           further market share in view of the rapid growth of the Company’s pharmaceutical direct sales business.
                                                              ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2021 Annual Report   53




                                                                                                 DIRECTORS’ REPORT


      As Alibaba Holding is the ultimate shareholder of Taobao Holding, Taobao Holding is an associate of Perfect
      Advance, and hence a connected person of the Company, the transactions contemplated under the 2021
      Software Services Framework Agreement and the 2022 Software Services Framework Agreement thus
      constitute continuing connected transactions of the Company in accordance with the Listing Rules.

(q)   Connected Transactions — Capital Increase Agreement and Equity Transfer Agreement

      On September 23, 2020, Alibaba Health (China) and Hongyun Jiukang Data Technology (Beijing) Company
      Limited^ (弘雲久康數據技術（北京）有限公司) (“Hongyun Jiukang”), both subsidiaries of the Company, entered
      into the capital increase agreement (the “Capital Increase Agreement”) with Come Future Technology (Zhejiang)
      Company Limited^ (來未來科技（浙江）有限公司) (the “Target Company”), Mr. Qiang Hui (牆輝) and Mr. Wan
      Weiqin (萬煒欽) (together, the “Target Founders”) and the existing shareholders of the Target Company (as
      specified in the announcement of the Company dated September 23, 2020), pursuant to which Alibaba Health
      (China) shall inject RMB216 million in cash into the Target Company and Hongyun Jiukang shall make in-kind
      contribution equivalent to RMB28.8 million to the Target Company by transferring its 80% equity interest in
      Seenew Medical to the Target Company. Immediately upon completion of the Capital Increase Agreement, the
      registered capital of the Target Company shall increase to RMB19,569,471 and the Target Company shall be
      held as to 26.47% by Alibaba Health (China) and 3.53% by Hongyun Jiukang.

      On September 23, 2020, Hongyun Jiukang entered into the equity transfer agreement (the “Equity Transfer
      Agreement”) with the Target Company, pursuant to which Hongyun Jiukang shall transfer its 80% equity
      interest in Seenew Medical to the Target Company as in-kind contribution under the Capital Increase
      Agreement. Immediately upon completion of the Equity Transfer Agreement, Seenew Medical shall be held as
      to 80% by the Target Company and 20% by Shanghai Yujun Business Management Partnership Enterprise
      (Limited Partnership)^ (上海羽雋企業管理合夥企業（有限合夥）).

      The Company considers that the experience and expertise of the Target Company will be highly beneficial to
      the continued advancement of Seenew Medical’s products and initiatives in the medical field, laying a solid
      foundation for the nationwide expansion of its business. By directing the capabilities of the Target Company
      towards the development and construction of the technological infrastructures underlying Seenew Medical’s
      products, the Group will be able to build on eco-partnerships to achieve a synergistic effect of “1+1>2”,
      bringing benefits to the PRC healthcare market and its participants.
54   ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2021 Annual Report




     DIRECTORS’ REPORT


           As two of the existing shareholders of the Target Company, namely, Hangzhou Vision Plus Chuangheng Equity
           Investment Fund Partnership Enterprise (Limited Partnership)^ (杭州圓璟創恒股權投資基金合夥企業（有限合夥）)
           and Suzhou Vision Plus Equity Investment Partnership Enterprise (Limited Partnership)^ (蘇州圓璟股權投資合夥
           企業 （有限合夥）) (together, the “Vision Plus LPs”) are associates of Mr. Wu Yongming, a non-executive
           Director, and are in turn the substantial shareholders of the Target Company, the transactions contemplated
           under the Capital Increase Agreement and the Equity Transfer Agreement thus constitute connected
           transactions of the Company in accordance with the Listing Rules.

     The Group has imposed internal control procedures to ensure that the continuing connected transactions are
     conducted in accordance with the pricing policies or mechanism under the relevant framework agreements. A
     specialized internal audit function carried out independent appraisal of the adequacy and effectiveness of the internal
     control procedures and reviewed all the connected transactions. Any findings by the internal audit function have been
     provided to the Directors to assist them in performing the annual review of the continuing connected transactions.
     The independent non-executive Directors have reviewed the above continuing connected transactions and have
     confirmed that such continuing connected transactions were entered into (i) in the ordinary and usual course of
     business of the Group; (ii) on normal commercial terms or better; and (iii) in accordance with the relevant
     agreements governing them on terms that are fair and reasonable and in the interests of the Shareholders as a
     whole.

     Ernst & Young, the Company’s auditor, was engaged to report on the Group’s continuing connected transactions in
     accordance with Hong Kong Standard on Assurance Engagements 3000 Assurance Engagements Other Than Audit
     or Reviews of Historical Financial Information and with reference to Practice Note 740 Auditor’s Letter on Continuing
     Connected Transactions under the Hong Kong Listing Rules issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public
     Accountants. Ernst & Young issued their unqualified letter containing their findings and conclusions in respect of the
     continuing connected transactions disclosed above by the Group in accordance with Rule 14A.56 of the Listing
     Rules. A copy of the auditor’s letter has been provided by the Company to the Stock Exchange.

     RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS

     During the year, save as disclosed in note 35 to the consolidated financial statements, the Group had no material
     transactions with its related parties.

     The Directors have conducted review of such related party transactions of the Group during the year. In respect of
     the related party transactions which also constitute connected transactions or continuing connected transaction as
     defined in Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules, and the Company has complied with the relevant connected transaction
     requirements under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules in respect of those connected transactions or continuing
     connected transactions. The Directors were not aware of any transactions requiring disclosure of connected
     transactions in accordance with the Listing Rules except for those disclosed in this report.

     CONTRACTUAL ARRANGEMENTS

     Overview

     The business of the Group involves the provision of commercial Internet information services, which in turn requires
     certain members of our Group to hold a value-added telecommunication business license (the “ICP License”) for the
     provision of such services (the “Restricted Businesses”). As applicable PRC laws and regulations currently in force
     restrict foreign investment in businesses involving the provision of commercial Internet information services, the Group
     entered into a series of structured contracts with respect to two subsidiaries of our Company, Hongyun Jiukang and
     Alibaba Health Hebei Information Technology Co., Ltd.^ (阿里健康河北信息技術有限公司) (“Alibaba Health Hebei”,
                                                              ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2021 Annual Report   55




                                                                                                 DIRECTORS’ REPORT


together with Hongyun Jiukang, the “Opcos”) pursuant to which our Company obtained effective control over, and
received all the economic benefits generated by, the businesses operated by the Opcos, and the Opcos, in turn,
hold the ICP License and operate the Restricted Businesses. During the financial year ended March 31, 2021 and
prior to the restructuring of the Contractual Arrangements on April 25, 2020 as detailed below, the Group has
obtained effective control over, and received all the economic benefits generated by, the businesses operated by the
Opcos through the series of structured contracts which were disclosed in the 2020 Annual Report. From April 25,
2020 onwards, the Contractual Arrangement is governed by the Structured Contracts (as defined below) detailed
below.

Restructuring of the Contractual Arrangement

On April 25, 2020, each of Jiang Fang (蔣芳) and Jin Jian Hang (金建杭) entered into equity transfer agreements
with Beijing Jiukangbao Technology Co., Ltd. (北京久康寶科技有限公司) (“Beijing Jiukangbao”), pursuant to which
each of Jiang Fang (蔣芳) and Jin Jian Hang (金建杭) agreed to transfer 50% and 50% of the equity interests in
each of the Opcos, respectively, to Beijing Jiukangbao, at a total consideration of RMB1,000,000 and
RMB5,001,000, respectively. Following the equity transfers, each of the Opcos is owned as to 100% by Beijing
Jiukangbao. Beijing Jiukangbao is wholly-owned by Hangzhou Baoxuan Investment Management Co., Ltd.^ (杭州寶軒
投資管理有限公司), which is held as to 50% by Hangzhou Chengbao Investment Management Partnership (Limited
Partnership)^ (杭州橙寶投資管理合夥企業（有限合夥）) and 50% by Hangzhou Xibao Investment Management
Partnership (Limited Partnership)^ (杭州熹寶投資管理合夥企業（有限合夥）), both of which were owned by a group of
five individuals whom are not connected persons of the Company.

On the same day, Beijing Jiukangbao, as the new registered owner (the “Registered Owner”) of each of the Opcos,
has entered into a series of structured contracts (the “Structured Contracts”) with respect to the Opcos, pursuant to
which our Company continued to maintain effective control and received all the economic benefits generated by, the
businesses operated by the Opcos, which in turn hold the ICP License and operate the Restricted Businesses (the
“Contractual Arrangements”). Further details in relation to the terms of the Structured Contracts and the Contractual
Arrangements are set out below.

The restructuring of the Contractual Arrangements was to align the Group’s strategy in diversifying the underlying
risks. Through the Structured Contracts and the Contractual Arrangements, the results of operations, assets and
liabilities, and cash flows of the Opcos were consolidated into our Company’s financial statements, and the Opcos
were regarded as indirect subsidiaries of the Group under HKFRS 10 during the year ended March 31, 2021.

(a)   Particulars of Opcos and their respective Registered Owner

      As at March 31, 2021, the particulars of the Opcos and their respective Registered Owner are as follows:

      Name of Opco              Registered owner                  Registered capital          Principal activities


      Hongyun Jiukang           100% by Beijing Jiukangbao             RMB40,000,000          Provision of Internet
                                                                                                information services and
                                                                                                investment holding


      Alibaba Health Hebei      100% by Beijing Jiukangbao             RMB10,000,000          Provision of Internet
                                                                                                information services and
                                                                                                investment holding
56   ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2021 Annual Report




     DIRECTORS’ REPORT


           The following table sets forth the subsidiaries of Hongyun Jiukang as at March 31, 2021. Alibaba Health Hebei
           did not have any subsidiary as at March 31, 2021.

           Name of subsidiary                                      Holding company Ownership   Principal activities


           Alibaba Health (Haikou) Smart Internet Hospital Hongyun Jiukang             100%    Inactive
              Co., Ltd.^ (阿里健康（海口）智慧互聯網醫院
              有限公司)
           Alibaba Health (Hainan) Internet Hospital Co.,          Hongyun Jiukang     100%    Network hospital services
              Ltd. (阿里健康 (海南) 互聯網醫院有限公司)
                  ^


           Alibaba Health (Hainan) Remote Medical                  Hongyun Jiukang     100%    Operation of Internet
              Centre Co., Ltd. (阿里健康（海南）遠程醫療
                                 ^
                                                                                                 hospitals
              中心有限公司)
           Hangzhou Hongyun Kangsheng Equity                       Hongyun Jiukang     100%    Investment holding and
              Investment Co., Ltd.^ (杭州弘雲康晟股權                                                    asset management
              投資有限公司)
           Alibaba Health Technology (Guangzhou) Co.,              Hongyun Jiukang     100%    Provision of healthcare
              Ltd. (阿里健康科技（廣州）有限公司)
                  ^
                                                                                                 related technology
                                                                                                 consultancy services
           Alibaba Health Network Hospital Co., Ltd.        ^
                                                                   Hongyun Jiukang     100%    Network hospital services
              (阿里健康網絡醫院有限公司)
           Chongqing Bianque Health Data Technology                Hongyun Jiukang      90%    Healthcare related technical
              Co., Ltd^ (重慶扁鵲健康數據技術有限公司)                                                         services
           Yunnan Jiukangyixin Information Technology              Hongyun Jiukang      80%    Inactive
              Service Co., Ltd.^ (雲南久康一心信息技術
              服務有限公司)
           Alibaba Health Xi’an Gaoxin Internet Hospital           Hongyun Jiukang      51%    Inactive
              Co., Ltd. (阿里健康西安高新互聯網醫院
                        ^


              有限公司)
           Alibaba Health Technology (Beijing) Company             Hongyun Jiukang     100%    Provision of pilot cross-
              Limited* (阿里健康科技（北京）有限公司)                                                          border e-commerce
                                                                                                 services
           Jiubaoxing Technology (Hainan) Co., Ltd.^               Hongyun Jiukang     100%    Provision of e-commerce
              (久寶星科技（海南）有限公司)                                                                    sales services
           Hangzhou Kangtao Information Technology                 Hongyun Jiukang     100%    Healthcare related technical
              Co., Ltd.^ (杭州康淘信息技術有限公司)                                                          services
                                                                 ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2021 Annual Report   57




                                                                                                    DIRECTORS’ REPORT


(b)   Summary of the major terms of the Structured Contracts

      As at March 31, 2021, in respect of the Contractual Arrangements, there were two sets of ongoing Structured
      Contracts in place:

      (i)    in respect of Hongyun Jiukang, entered into among Alibaba Health (China) (formerly known as Alibaba
             Health Technology (Beijing) Co., Ltd.^ (阿里健康科技（北京）有限公司)) (as the Company’s subsidiary),
             Hongyun Jiukang (as the Opco), and Beijing Jiukangbao (as the Registered Owner) (as applicable); and

      (ii)   in respect of Alibaba Health Hebei, entered into among Alibaba Health (China) (as the Company’s subsidiary),
             Alibaba Health Hebei (as the Opco), and Beijing Jiukangbao (as the Registered Owner) (as applicable).

      Each of the above sets of Structured Contracts includes substantially similar terms and a brief summary of the
      major terms are set out below:

      (1)    Exclusive Service Agreements (獨家服務協議)

             Pursuant to the Exclusive Service Agreements, the relevant Opco agreed to engage Alibaba Health
             (China) as its exclusive provider of technical support and consultancy services (the “Technical Services”)
             in connection with the relevant Opco’s business (to the extent permitted under the applicable PRC laws)
             in exchange for service fees. The service fees are fixed with reference to the actual content and
             commercial value of the Technical Services and Alibaba Health (China) may, subject to mutual agreement,
             adjust the amount of service fees. Unless otherwise prescribed under the PRC laws and regulations and
             subject to limitations under the Exclusive Service Agreements, Alibaba Health (China) shall have exclusive
             proprietary rights to any intellectual property (including but not limited to copyright, patent, technical
             secret and trade secret) in the work product developed by Alibaba Health (China) or the relevant Opco in
             the course of the provision of services under the relevant Exclusive Service Agreement. Each of the
             Exclusive Service Agreements has a term of 20 years and will be automatically renewed for consecutive
             terms of one year upon expiry unless otherwise notified by Alibaba Health (China). The relevant Exclusive
             Service Agreement shall be terminated prior to expiration in the event that the business period of either
             Alibaba Health (China) or the relevant Opco expires.

      (2)    Loan Agreements (借款協議)

             Pursuant to the Loan Agreements, Alibaba Health (China) agreed to provide any interest-free loans to the
             relevant Registered Owner as capital contribution to the relevant Opco only and may not use such loans
             for other purposes without the consent of Alibaba Health (China). The Registered Owner, in return for the
             provision of loans, agreed to enter into an equity interest pledge agreement with Alibaba Health (China) to
             pledge all of his or her equity interests in the relevant Opco as security. The term of each loan under the
             relevant Loan Agreement is 20 years from the effective date, or for a period until expiration of the
             business period of Alibaba Health (China) or the relevant Opco, whichever is earlier. The Registered
             Owner shall repay the loan upon expiration of the term or any earlier time as may be determined by
             Alibaba Health (China) at its absolute discretion. In such circumstances, unless otherwise prohibited by
             the applicable laws and regulations, Alibaba Health (China) or its designee is entitled to acquire all equity
             interest held by the relevant Registered Owner in the relevant Opco for a consideration equal to the loan
58   ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2021 Annual Report




     DIRECTORS’ REPORT


                  amount. The Registered Owner shall waive any pre-emptive rights upon transfer of equity interest in the
                  relevant Opco to Alibaba Health (China). Any tax arising from the loan shall be borne by the Registered
                  Owner and Alibaba Health (China) in accordance with applicable PRC laws.

           (3)    Equity Interest Pledge Agreements (股權質押協議)

                  Pursuant to the Equity Interest Pledge Agreements, the Registered Owner agreed to pledge all their
                  respective equity interests in the relevant Opco to Alibaba Health (China), as a security interest to
                  guarantee the performance of contractual obligations and the payment of outstanding loans of the
                  Registered Owner. Unless due to the intentional misconduct or gross negligence of Alibaba Health
                  (China), Alibaba Health (China) shall not be liable for any decrease in value of the pledged interests, and
                  the Registered Owner shall not have any right to claim against Alibaba Health (China) as a result of such
                  decrease in value. However, in the event that the decrease in value of the pledged interests may
                  jeopardize rights of Alibaba Health (China), or upon occurrence of default, Alibaba Health (China) may
                  auction or sell the pledged interests for and on behalf of the Registered Owner and allocate the money
                  received for loan prepayment or deposit such money to Alibaba Health (China)’s local notary office. The
                  pledge in respect of an Opco takes effect upon the completion of registration with the competent
                  authority and shall remain valid until all the contractual obligations of the Registered Owner and the
                  relevant Opco under the relevant set of Structured Contracts have been fully performed and that all
                  outstanding loans have been fully repaid. During the period of the pledge, without the prior written
                  consent of Alibaba Health (China), the Registered Owner shall not create or agree to create any new
                  pledge or other security on the equity interests of the relevant Opco, nor assign or transfer any of the
                  equity interests in the relevant Opco.

           (4)    Powers of Attorney on Shareholders’ Voting Rights (股東表決權委託協議)

                  Pursuant to the Powers of Attorney on Shareholders’ Voting Rights, the Registered Owner irrevocably
                  appointed designee(s) of Alibaba Health (China), who are PRC nationals, to act as its attorney on its
                  behalf to exercise all rights in connection with matters concerning its right as shareholder of the relevant
                  Opco, including but not limited to: (a) attending the shareholders’ meeting of the relevant Opco as
                  representative of the relevant Registered Owner; (b) exercising shareholders’ voting rights on resolutions
                  at shareholders’ meeting, including but not limited to, the designation and appointment of directors and
                  other senior management that has to be appointed by the shareholders; (c) other matters decided or
                  executed by the shareholders pursuant to the relevant constitutional documents; and (d) signing relevant
                  documents when the relevant Registered Owner sell or transfer all or part of its equity interests pursuant
                  to the Exclusive Option Agreements. The Powers of Attorney on Shareholders’ Voting Rights shall remain
                  effective for 20 years and will be automatically renewed for consecutive terms of one year upon expiry
                  unless otherwise notified by Alibaba Health (China). The Powers of Attorney on Shareholders’ Voting
                  Rights shall be terminated prior to expiration in the event that the business period of either Alibaba
                  Health (China) or the relevant Opco expires.
                                                                 ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2021 Annual Report   59




                                                                                                    DIRECTORS’ REPORT


      (5)   Exclusive Option Agreements (獨家購買權協議)

            Pursuant to the Exclusive Option Agreements, the Registered Owner agreed to irrevocably,
            unconditionally and exclusively grant an exclusive option to Alibaba Health (China) so that Alibaba Health
            (China) may elect to purchase, when permitted by the then applicable PRC laws, all or any part of the
            equity interests from the Registered Owner and/or all or any of the assets in the relevant Opco by
            themselves or through their designee(s). In the event that any of the options is exercised by Alibaba
            Health (China), the transfer price of the relevant equity interests and assets shall correspond to the
            registered capital amount and the net asset value, respectively, or the legal minimum price under the then
            applicable PRC laws (as the case may be). Subject to the applicable PRC laws, the Registered Owner
            shall transfer all the consideration it receives in relation to such transfer of equity interests and assets in
            the relevant Opco (or any proceeds resulting from the dissolution or winding up of the relevant Opco or
            any dividends or distributions received in the capacity of a Registered Owner) to Alibaba Health (China) or
            its designee, after deduction of applicable taxes and government fees. Pursuant to the Exclusive Option
            Agreements, without the prior written consent of Alibaba Health (China), the Registered Owner shall not
            sell, transfer, mortgage or dispose of in any manner any assets of the relevant Opco (except in the
            ordinary course of business) or legal or beneficial interest in the business or revenues of the relevant
            Opco, allow the creation of any security interest thereon, or allow the alteration of the registered capital
            of the relevant Opco or merger of the relevant Opco with any other entity. The Exclusive Option
            Agreements shall remain effective from the execution date and terminate when all the equity interests and
            assets of the relevant Opco have been legally transferred to Alibaba Health (China) or its designee in
            accordance with the terms of the relevant Exclusive Option Agreement.

(c)   Revenue and assets subject to the Contractual Arrangements

      During the year ended March 31, 2021, the Group expanded the scale of investments and business operated
      under the Opcos, and revenues generated from and assets held through the Opcos had begun to form a
      material portion of the Group’s total revenue and assets. The following table sets forth (i) revenue and (ii)
      assets involved in the Opcos which are consolidated into the Group’s financial statements pursuant to the
      Contractual Arrangements:

                                                                                           For the financial year ended
                                                                                                    March 31, 2021
                                                                                                Revenue                 Assets
                                                                                            (RMB’000) (proportionate %
                                                                                                     to the Group)


      Hongyun Jiukang                                                                             195,003            1,006,593
                                                                                                    1.26%                5.67%
      Alibaba Health Hebei                                                                              —                87,812
                                                                                                       0%                 0.5%
60   ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2021 Annual Report




     DIRECTORS’ REPORT


     (d)   Reasons for using the Contractual Arrangements

           According to the Catalogue for Guidance of Foreign Investment (外 商 投 資 產 業 指 導 目 錄) (the “FITE
           Regulations”), the proportion of foreign equity ownership in the entity that provides commercial Internet
           information services shall not exceed 50%. Further, according to the FITE Regulations, subject to the foreign
           ownership restrictions as set out above, the significant foreign investor of an entity that provides commercial
           Internet information services must also be able to demonstrate good performance of and experience in
           operating a value-added telecommunication business. As the Company and its subsidiaries do not meet such
           qualification requirement, neither the Company nor any of its offshore subsidiaries is qualified to apply to any
           competent government authorities to establish a foreign invested telecommunication enterprise and obtain an
           ICP License to operate the Restricted Businesses. In the opinion of the Company’s PRC legal advisers, the
           Contractual Arrangements do not violate applicable PRC laws and regulations.

     (e)   Risks associated with the Contractual Arrangements and the actions taken by the Group to mitigate
           the risks

           The Company’s PRC legal advisers had advised us that while the Contractual Arrangements do not violate the
           applicable PRC laws and regulations, there are uncertainties regarding the interpretation and application of the
           currently applicable PRC laws, rules, and regulations. As such, the Group believes the following risks are
           associated with the Contractual Arrangements:

           •      If the PRC government finds that the Contractual Arrangements that allow us to consolidate the results of
                  operations, assets and liabilities, and cash flows of the Opcos which operate the Restricted Businesses
                  do not comply with applicable PRC laws and regulations, we could be subject to penalties and our
                  business may be materially and adversely affected;

           •      Certain terms of the Contractual Arrangements may not be enforceable under the PRC laws;

           •      The Contractual Arrangements may not be as effective in providing control over the Opcos as equity
                  ownership;

           •      Any failure by the Opcos or the Registered Owner to perform their obligations under the Contractual
                  Arrangements would potentially lead to us having to incur additional costs and expend material resources
                  to enforce such arrangements, temporary or permanent loss of control over the Restricted Businesses
                  and the revenue from these businesses;

           •      The Registered Owner may have potential conflicts of interest with us, which may materially and adversely
                  affect our business and financial condition;

           •      If any of Alibaba Health (China) or the Opcos becomes the subject of a bankruptcy or liquidation proceeding,
                  we may lose the ability to use and enjoy certain important assets, which could materially and adversely
                  affect our business; and

           •      Our exercise of the option to acquire the equity interests of the Opcos may be subject to certain limitations
                  and the ownership transfer may incur substantial costs.
                                                              ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2021 Annual Report   61




                                                                                                 DIRECTORS’ REPORT


      In view of the regulatory risks associated with the Contractual Arrangements, the Group closely follows the
      latest developments with regard to the relevant PRC laws, rules and regulations. The Group will seek
      professional legal advice when there are any changes or updates in this regard and to deal with specific issues
      arising from the Contractual Arrangements. The Group periodically reviews the Contractual Arrangements and
      assesses the financial situation of the Opcos on a regular basis.

(f)   Material changes in the foreign ownership restriction requirements

      The Contractual Arrangements have been put in place purely to allow the Group to comply with the foreign
      ownership restrictions under FITE Regulations. Save as disclosed, during the financial year ended March 31,
      2021, there was no other material change in the Contractual Arrangements and/or the circumstances under
      which they were adopted, and none of the Contractual Arrangements had been unwound as the regulatory
      restrictions that led to their adoptions were not removed.

MANAGEMENT CONTRACTS

No contracts concerning the management and administration of the whole or any substantial part of the business of
the Company were entered into or existed during the year ended March 31, 2021.

PERMITTED INDEMNITY PROVISION

A permitted indemnity provision for the benefit of the Directors is currently in force and was in force throughout the
year ended March 31, 2021. The Company has taken out and maintained appropriate insurance coverage in respect
of potential legal actions against the Directors and officers of the Company.

DIRECTORS’ INTERESTS IN A COMPETING BUSINESS

Pursuant to Rule 8.10 of the Listing Rules, the following Director had declared interests in the following businesses
(other than those businesses where the Directors were appointed as directors to represent the interests of the
Company and/or any member of the Group) which are considered to compete or are likely to compete, either
directly or indirectly, with the business of the Group during the year ended March 31, 2021:

As at the date of this report, Mr. WU Yongming (“Mr. Wu”), a non-executive Director, was the controlling shareholder
of Hangzhou Vision Plus Capital Management Company Limited^ (杭州圓璟投資管理有限公司). Hangzhou Vision Plus
Capital Management Company Limited^ (杭州圓璟投資管理有限公司) and its associates were one of the substantial
shareholders or shareholders of the following companies: Choice Technology Inc., a company which operates a
medical healthcare system and data services platform, Beijing Huifukang Information Consultancy Co., Ltd ^ (北京惠福
康信息諮詢有限公司), a company which operates an online doctor referral platform, Shanghai Mudi Biological
Technology Co., Ltd.^ (上海妙一生物科技有限公司), a company which operates an online clinical research platform,
Yawlih Technology (Beijing) Co., Ltd.^ (曜立科技（北京）有限公司), a company which provides hospital and other
medical data cleansing technology solution, Lingyi Information Technology (Shanghai) Co., Ltd. ^ (翎醫信息科技（上海）
有限公司), a company which provides maternity and infant-related patient management tools and marketing platform
services, Shanghai Yiyong Health Information Consulting Co., Ltd.^ (上海易雍健康信息諮詢有限公司), a company
engaging in third-party health insurance services, Hangzhou Yunhu Network Technology Co., Ltd.^ (杭州雲呼網絡科
技有限公司), a company engaging in the operation of a medical examination resources Internet platform and Come
62   ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2021 Annual Report




     DIRECTORS’ REPORT


     Future Technology (Zhejiang) Company Limited^ (來未來科技（浙江）有限公司), a company engaging in the operation
     of enterprise intelligence platforms, Shanghai Fourier Intelligence Technology Limited^ (上海傅利葉智能科技有限公司),
     a company which provides technological and intelligent rehabilitation equipment and smart rehabilitation solutions,
     neoX Biotech Inc., a company engaging in AI-driven drug discovery and provision of outsourcing services on drug
     screening, Beijing Deep Potential Technology Limited^ (北京深勢科技有限公司), a company engaging in the provision
     of software services on the computation for drug discovery as well as design and research of new materials, Beijing
     Percutek Therapeutics Co., Ltd.^ (北京華脈泰科股份有限公司), a company engaging in the research, development
     and manufacture of new Class III medical intervention devices. These companies, directly or through their
     subsidiaries or associates or by way of other forms of investments, carry out businesses which are considered to
     compete or likely to compete with the businesses of the Group.

     Given that Mr. Wu is a non-executive Director and does not participate in the day-to-day operations of the Group,
     the Directors believe that it would be unlikely that Mr. Wu’s aforesaid interests in the above companies would cause
     any material adverse impact to the business of the Group. Mr. Wu has confirmed that he is fully aware of and has
     been discharging his fiduciary duties to the Company to avoid conflicts of interest. In situations where any conflicts
     of interest arise, Mr. Wu will refrain from participating in discussion, taking part in the decision-making process and
     voting on the relevant Board resolutions at the Board meetings.

     In addition, Mr. Wu had also voluntarily entered into a deed of non-competition dated September 17, 2015 in favor
     of the Company to agree to certain measures to minimize potential competition between the Company and the
     business(es) invested in by certain funds in which he is interested. The deed of non-competition is valid for the
     period commencing on the date of the deed of non-competition until the earlier of either of the following events or
     circumstances occurs:

     (a)   the liquidation of the relevant funds is completed, provided that if any successor fund is raised, the date shall
           be extended to such date when (i) the liquidation of all successor funds is completed and (ii) Mr. Wu has no
           intention to raise any additional successor fund; or

     (b)   Mr. Wu ceases to be a Director, or to otherwise hold a position in the Company which owes fiduciary duties to
           the Company.

     The Company believes that the deed of non-competition provides adequate measures to monitor, and the
     opportunity to address, any acquisitions of interests of Mr. Wu in businesses which are considered to compete or are
     likely to compete, either directly or indirectly, with the businesses of the Group. The Company would like to
     emphasize that the Board is independent from the boards of directors of the above-mentioned entities, and is
     accountable to the Shareholders as a whole. Coupled with the diligence of its independent non-executive Directors
     whose views carry significant weight in the Board’s decisions, the Group is capable of carrying on its businesses
     independently of, and at arm’s length from, the businesses of the above-mentioned entities in which Mr. Wu is
     interested.

     Save as disclosed, during the year ended March 31, 2021 and up to the date of this report, none of the Directors is
     considered to have interests in a business which competes or is likely to compete, either directly or indirectly, with
     the business of the Group and has any other conflicts of interest, as required to be disclosed under the Listing
     Rules.
                                                                ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2021 Annual Report   63




                                                                                                   DIRECTORS’ REPORT


TAX RELIEF

The Company is not aware of any relief on taxation available to the Shareholders by reason of their holdings of the
Shares. If the Shareholders are unsure about the taxation implications of purchasing, holding, disposing of, dealing in,
or exercising of any rights in relation to the Shares, they are advised to consult their professional advisers.

SUFFICIENCY OF PUBLIC FLOAT

Based on information that is publicly available to the Company and to the knowledge of the Directors, at least 25%
of the Company’s total issued share capital was held by the public as at the date of this report.

AUDITOR

During the year ended March 31, 2015, Messrs. Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu resigned as auditor of the Company and
Messrs. Ernst & Young were appointed by the Directors to fill the casual vacancy so arising. There have been no
other changes of auditor since then. A resolution for the reappointment of Ernst & Young as auditor of the Company
will be proposed at the forthcoming annual general meeting.

On behalf of the Board




ZHU Shunyan
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

Hong Kong
May 25, 2021

^
     For identification purpose only
64   ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2021 Annual Report




     BIOGRAPHICAL INFORMATION OF DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT

     EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS

     Mr. ZHU Shunyan, aged 50, was appointed as an executive Director, Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive
     Officer of the Company on March 16, 2020. Mr. Zhu is a partner of the Alibaba Partnership and the President of the
     Innovation Initiatives Segment of the ultimate controlling shareholder of the Company, Alibaba Holding (with its
     American depositary shares, each representing eight ordinary shares, listed on the New York Stock Exchange (Stock
     Symbol: BABA), and its ordinary shares listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange (Stock Code: 9988)). Since
     May 2020, he has also been a director of Meinian Onehealth Healthcare Holdings Co., Ltd.^ (美年大健康產業控股股
     份有限公司), a company listed on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange (“SZSE”) (Stock Code: 2044) (“Meinian Onehealth”).
     Prior to joining Alibaba Group, Mr. Zhu founded Wuhan Xuncai Technology Co., Ltd.^ (武漢迅彩科技公司) in 2003.
     He joined the founding team of UC Browser in 2007 as senior vice president, and was responsible for the marketing
     and commercialization of UC Browser. The business of UC Browser was acquired by Alibaba Group in June 2014.
     In June 2016, Mr. Zhu became the president of Alimama Business Group, a leading big data marketing platform in
     the PRC operated by Alibaba Group. He has been (i) the president of UC Browser since December 2017, (ii) the
     president of New Media Businesses of Alibaba Digital Media & Entertainment Business Group and in charge of the
     business departments of UC Browser, Alibaba Music and Innovation Business since December 2018, and (iii) the
     president of the Innovation Initiatives Segment since June 2019. Mr. Zhu obtained a Bachelor of Science Degree in
     Mathematics in 1993 from Yanshan University in the PRC. He obtained a Master Degree in Computing Software in
     1996 from Huazhong University of Science and Technology in the PRC.

     Mr. TU Yanwu, aged 43, has been the chief financial officer of the Company since April 2020, and is responsible for
     the overall financial management and the formulation and implementation of the Group’s strategies. Prior to that,
     Mr. Tu was a senior finance director of the Group from September 2019 to March 2020, and was seconded to
     Guizhou Ensure Chain Pharmacy Company Limited^ (貴州一樹連鎖藥業有限公司) to act as its chief financial officer
     and senior vice president from October 2018 to August 2019. Before joining the Group, Mr. Tu was the finance
     director of WuXi AppTec Co., Ltd.^ (無錫藥明康德新藥開發股份有限公司) (“WuXi AppTec”) from December 2015 to
     September 2018, where he led the accounting and reporting team since the delisting of WuXi PharmaTech (Cayman)
     Inc. from the New York Stock Exchange through the initial public offering and listing of WuXi AppTec on the
     Shanghai Stock Exchange. From April 2008 to April 2015, Mr. Tu held various finance positions at different
     departments of General Motors, including being in charge of special projects in the Asia-Pacific region and holding
     financial reporting and management positions in the North American region. Mr. Tu also had over five years of
     experience in auditing at Arthur Anderson and PricewaterhouseCoopers in Shanghai where he led the audit team to
     work on initial public offering and listing projects across different industries. Mr. Tu obtained a Bachelor of Arts
     Degree in Economics and Business Administration in June 2001 from Fudan University in the People’s Republic of
     China and he is also a member of the Chinese Institute of Certified Public Accountants.
                                                              ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2021 Annual Report   65




                              BIOGRAPHICAL INFORMATION OF DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT


NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS

Mr. WU Yongming, aged 46, was appointed as a non-executive Director and Chairman of the Board on April 17,
2015. Mr. Wu stepped down as the Chairman of the Board with effect from March 16, 2020. Mr. Wu is currently
the president of Alibaba Group. He has been a senior vice president of Alibaba Group since June 2010 and a
special assistant to the chairman of the board of directors of Alibaba Holding since September 2014. Mr. Wu also
served as technology director of Alibaba (China) Technology Co., Ltd.^ (阿里巴巴（中國）網絡技術有限公司) from
September 1999, technology director of Alipay (China) Information Technology Co., Ltd.^ (支付寶（中國）網絡技術有
限公司) from December 2004, P4P business director of Alibaba Group from November 2005, general manager of
Hangzhou Alimama Technology Co., Ltd.^ (杭州阿里媽媽網絡技術有限公司) from December 2007, chief technology
officer of Taobao (China) Software Co., Ltd.^ (淘寶（中國）軟件有限公司) from September 2008, and was responsible
for Alibaba Group’s search business, advertising business and mobile business from October 2011. Mr. Wu is
currently a director of Momo, Inc., which has been listed on NASDAQ (Stock Code: MOMO) since December 2018.
Mr. Wu was previously a director of AutoNavi Holdings Limited, a then NASDAQ-listed company, from May 2013 to
July 2014. Mr. Wu graduated from college of information engineering of Zhejiang University of Technology, the PRC
in June 1996.

Mr. XU Hong, aged 48, was appointed as a non-executive Director on June 9, 2019. Mr. Xu is currently the Deputy
Chief Financial Officer of Alibaba Group. Mr. Xu is also a director of DSM Grup Danişmanlik Iletişim ve Satiş Ticaret
A.Ş., C2 Capital Partners GP Limited and Shanghai Yike New Retail Network Technology Co., Ltd. ^ (上海逸刻新零售
網絡科技有限公司), respectively. He has been a non-executive director of Lianhua Supermarket Holdings Co., Ltd.
(Stock Code: 980) since August 28, 2018, Red Star Macalline Group Corporation Ltd. (Stock Code: 1528) since
October 16, 2019, Alibaba Pictures Group Limited (Stock Code: 1060) since January 17, 2020, and Sun Art Retail
Group Limited (Stock Code: 6808) since December 22, 2020 respectively, all of which are listed on the Main Board
of the Stock Exchange. He has also been a director of two companies listed on the SZSE, namely, Suning.com Co.,
Ltd.^ (蘇寧易購集團股份有限公司) (formerly known as Suning Commerce Group Co., Ltd.^ (蘇寧雲商集團股份有限
公司)) (Stock Code: 2024) since May 8, 2019 and Meinian Onehealth (Stock Code: 2044) since December 25,
2019, respectively. Prior to joining Alibaba Holding, Mr. Xu worked at PricewaterhouseCoopers and became a partner
in July 2007. Mr. Xu obtained a Bachelor’s of Science Degree in Physics in July 1996 from Fudan University in the
PRC and he is a member of the Chinese Institute of Certified Public Accountants.
66   ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2021 Annual Report




     BIOGRAPHICAL INFORMATION OF DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT


     INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS

     Mr. LUO Tong, aged 54, was appointed as an independent non-executive Director on May 9, 2014. Mr. Luo is
     currently the chief strategy officer of Yiguo Information Technology Co., Ltd. Mr. Luo has over 20 years of
     experience of retailing operation and management. Before joining the Board, he worked as the regional general
     manager for Walmart’s Zhejiang Province Operations, the vice president of operations and development for China
     Nepstar Chain Drugstore Ltd., the vice president of operations for Tesiro Jewellery Company and the general
     manager of retail development of Guangzhou Pharmaceuticals Corporation. Mr. Luo has obtained a diploma in
     business administration from Guangzhou Finance and Trade Management Institute and a diploma in English from
     Guangdong Social Science College.

     Mr. WONG King On, Samuel, aged 68, was appointed as an independent non-executive Director on May 9, 2014.
     Mr. Wong is currently an independent non-executive director and chairman of the audit committee of Analogue
     Holdings Limited (Stock Code: 1977), a company listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange in July 2019.
     During the period from October 2010 to November 2013, Mr. Wong was an independent non-executive director and
     chairman of the audit committee of Yashili International Holdings Limited (Stock Code: 1230) which was listed on the
     Main Board of the Stock Exchange. Mr. Wong has over 30 years of experience in accounting and finance. Mr. Wong
     joined Ernst & Young in October 1979 and was elected to its partnership in January 1993. Mr. Wong was the
     managing partner, China Central of Ernst & Young and a member of the management committee of the China firm of
     Ernst & Young from 2005 until his retirement in 2010. Mr. Wong was a professor of practice (accounting) of the
     school of accounting and finance of the Hong Kong Polytechnic University from September 2013 to August 2016,
     and also an adjunct professor of the school of accounting & finance of the Hong Kong Polytechnic University from
     2002 to 2010. Mr. Wong was the president of Association of Chartered Certified Accountants (ACCA) Hong Kong for
     1998–1999 and a member of the global council of ACCA from 1999 to 2005. Mr. Wong was also the first
     non-European global president of ACCA for 2003–2004. Mr. Wong is a member of the Hong Kong Institute of
     Certified Public Accountants, a member of the ACCA and a Certified Practising Accountant Australia. Mr. Wong
     obtained a master of business administration degree from the University of Bradford, United Kingdom in December
     1978. Mr. Wong was awarded the Binder Hamlyn Prize for the best student in financial management in 1978.

     Ms. HUANG Yi Fei (Vanessa), aged 48, was appointed as an independent non-executive Director on June 9, 2019.
     Ms. Huang is currently a General Partner at BVCF Management. Ms. Huang has over 20 years of investment
     banking experience in the United States and Hong Kong. Prior to joining BVCF, she was Head of Emerging Asia
     Healthcare Investment Banking at J.P. Morgan. During her time in investment banking, Ms. Huang worked with
     companies and investors across Asia Pacific as well as global multinational companies and institutional investors. Her
     coverage included all subsectors of healthcare including pharmaceutical, biotech, medtech and services. She advised
     on multiple cross-border mergers and acquisitions and different stages of capital raising. Ms. Huang is a member of
     the Biotech Advisory Panel of the Stock Exchange and a member of the Admission Panel of the Incu-Bio Incubation
     Programme of the Hong Kong Science and Technology Parks Corporation. She is also co-Chairman of the
     Healthcare Committee of the Hong Kong Venture Capital and Private Equity Association. Ms. Huang holds a Master
     of Business Administration from The Wharton School, University of Pennsylvania.
                                                               ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2021 Annual Report   67




                                       BIOGRAPHICAL INFORMATION OF DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT


COMPANY SECRETARY

Ms. LEE Wai Yan Vivian, was appointed as the company secretary of the Company on August 24, 2020. Ms. Lee
has more than 10 years of working experience in the legal field. She was a senior legal director at Fosun
International Limited (Stock Code: 0656) from December 2015 to December 2018. She also worked at the Hong
Kong office of various international law firms from 2008 to 2015. Ms. Lee obtained a Bachelor of Arts degree from
the University of British Columbia (Canada) and a Graduate Diploma in Law (Common Professional Examination) and
qualified to practice law in England and Wales. She was admitted as a solicitor of the High Court of Hong Kong in
2007 and is currently a member of the Law Society of Hong Kong. During the Reporting Period, Ms. Lee did not
receive any remuneration from the Company.

Save as disclosed in this report, each of the Directors did not (i) have any relationship with any Directors, senior
management, substantial Shareholders or controlling Shareholders; (ii) hold any directorship in any other Hong Kong
or overseas listed public companies in the last three years; and (iii) hold any other positions with the Company or
other members of the Group. For details of the interests and short positions of the Directors in the share capital and
underlying shares of the Company or its associated corporations within the meaning of Part XV of the Securities and
Futures Ordinance (the “SFO”), please refer to the section headed “Directors’ and Chief Executive’s Interests and
Short Positions in Shares and Underlying Shares”. Further, save as disclosed in this report, there is no other matter
with respect to the Directors that needs to be brought to the attention of the Shareholders and there is no other
information of the Directors that is required to be disclosed pursuant to Rule 13.51(2) of the Listing Rules.

^
     For identification purpose only
68   ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2021 Annual Report




     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

     The Company strives to attain and maintain high standards of corporate governance continuously as it believes that
     effective corporate governance practices are fundamental to safeguarding the interests of its Shareholders and other
     stakeholders, and to enhancing shareholder value.

     In the opinion of the Board, throughout the year ended March 31, 2021, the Company has complied with the code
     provisions (“Code Provision(s)”) set out in the Corporate Governance Code (the “CG Code”) under Appendix 14 to
     the Listing Rules, except in respect of the following matters:

     According to Code Provision A.2.1, the roles of chairman and chief executive officer should be separate and should
     not be performed by the same individual. Mr. ZHU Shunyan has been appointed as both the chairman of the Board
     (the “Chairman”) and the chief executive officer of the Company (the “Chief Executive Officer”), with effect from
     March 16, 2020. After joining the Group, Mr. Zhu is primarily responsible for overseeing the Group’s general
     management and business development and for formulating business strategies and policies for our business
     management and operations. The Directors consider that it is the most suitable for Mr. Zhu to hold both the
     positions of the Chairman and the Chief Executive Officer as they believe that it will ensure consistent leadership
     within the Group and enables more effective and efficient overall strategic planning of the Group. The Board is also
     of the view that the balance of power and authority for the present arrangement will not be impaired and this
     structure will enable our Company to make and implement decisions promptly and effectively. The Board will
     continue to review and consider splitting the roles of the Chairman and the Chief Executive Officer at a time when it
     is appropriate and suitable by taking into account the circumstances of the Group as a whole.

     Code Provision A.4.2 stipulates that all directors appointed to fill a casual vacancy shall be subject to election by
     shareholders at the first general meeting after appointment. The appointment of Mr. Zhu as the executive Director,
     Chairman and Chief Executive Officer became effective on March 16, 2020. However, he was not subject to election
     by the Shareholders at the adjourned special general meetings held on April 9, 2020 (which was originally scheduled
     to be held on March 30, 2020 and adjourned due to the prohibition of group gatherings of more than four people in
     public places in accordance with the Prevention and Control of Disease (Prohibition on Group Gathering) Regulation
     (Chapter 599G of the Laws of Hong Kong) (the “SGMs”)) due to insufficient time to arrange the logistics in relation
     to the re-election of Mr. Zhu at the SGMs). However, given that Mr. Zhu was subject to retirement by rotation at the
     then next annual general meeting of the Company held on July 30, 2020 (the “2020 AGM”) according to the
     Company’s bye-laws, the Board considers that the Company’s bye-laws have provided adequate measures to ensure
     the Company has a good corporate governance practice in place. As a result, Mr. Zhu retired and offered himself for
     re-election and was re-elected as the executive Director at the 2020 AGM. The appointment of Mr. TU Yanwu (“Mr.
     Tu”) as an executive Director became effective on October 23, 2020. However, he was not subject to election by the
     Shareholders at the special general meetings held on March 1 and 29, 2021, respectively. The Board considers that
     it is more appropriate to have the election be considered by the Shareholders at the forthcoming annual general
     meeting in or around July 2021 (the “2021 AGM”) so that re-election of all eligible Directors who are subject to
     retirement by rotation can be considered by the Shareholders at the same time in the 2021 AGM. Therefore, the
     Board considers that it will be in the Shareholders’ interest that Mr. Tu’s election be postponed.
                                                              ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2021 Annual Report   69




                                                                            CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


Code Provision C.1.2 stipulates that management should provide all members of the Board with monthly updates
giving a balanced and understandable assessment of the Company’s performance, position and prospects in
sufficient details to enable the Board as a whole and each Director to discharge their duties under Rule 3.08 and
Chapter 13 of the Listing Rules. The Company from time to time, based on business needs and conditions,
provides to the Board up-to-date business information and convenes ad hoc meetings for considering material
business or management issues, so as to enable the Directors and the Board as a whole to discharge their duties.

THE BOARD

Composition

As at March 31, 2021 and up to the date of this report, the Board comprised seven Directors, including (i) two
executive Directors, namely Mr. ZHU Shunyan and Mr. TU Yanwu; (ii) two non-executive Directors, namely Mr. WU
Yongming and Mr. XU Hong; and (iii) three independent non-executive Directors, namely Mr. LUO Tong, Mr. WONG
King On, Samuel and Ms. HUANG Yi Fei (Vanessa). The name and biographical details of each Director are
disclosed on pages 64 to 66 of this report.

Mr. TU Yanwu was appointed as an executive Director on October 23, 2020. Mr. WANG Qiang and Mr. WANG Lei
resigned as an executive Director and a non-executive Director, respectively, on October 23, 2020. The
non-executive Directors and the independent non-executive Directors are appointed for a term of one year and their
respective appointment shall be renewable automatically for successive term of one year each commencing from the
next day after the expiry of the then current term of their appointment unless terminated by the Company in
accordance with the term of their appointment letters and the provisions of the bye-laws of the Company,
respectively.

During the year ended March 31, 2021 and up to the date of this report, all Directors have brought a wide
spectrum of valuable business experience, knowledge and professionalism to the Board for the efficient and effective
delivery of the Board’s functions. The independent non-executive Directors are invited to serve on the Audit
Committee, the Remuneration Committee and the nomination committee (the “Nomination Committee”) of the
Company.

Each independent non-executive Director, pursuant to the guidelines set out in rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules, has
confirmed he/she had been independent of the Company throughout the year ended March 31, 2021 and up to the
date of this report, and the Company also considers that they have been independent. Each independent
non-executive Director is subject to the requirement that one-third of all the Directors shall retire from office by
rotation at each annual general meeting pursuant to the bye-laws of the Company. Save as disclosed, there is no
relationship (including financial, business, family or other material or relevant relationship) between each Director
(including independent non-executive Director) and the other members of the Board or the senior management and
between the Chairman and the Chief Executive Officer.
70   ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2021 Annual Report




     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


     Function

     The key responsibilities of the Board include, among other things, formulating the Group’s overall strategies, setting
     any major acquisition and disposal, major capital investment and dividend policies, regulating and reviewing internal
     controls, formulating the Company’s corporate governance policy, supervising management’s performance and
     reviewing the adequacy of the Group’s resources.

     The independent non-executive Directors play a significant role on the Board by virtue of their independent judgment
     and their views carry significant weight in the Board’s decisions. They bring an impartial view on issues of the
     Company’s strategies, performance and controls.

     The Company views that well-developed and timely reporting systems and internal controls are essential, and the
     Board plays a key role in the implementation and monitoring of internal financial controls.

     Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

     Mr. ZHU Shunyan has been appointed as the Chairman of the Board and the Chief Executive Officer of the
     Company, with effect from March 16, 2020, which does not comply with Code Provision A.2.1 requiring the roles of
     chairman and chief executive officer to be separate and not to be performed by the same individual.

     After joining the Group, Mr. Zhu is primarily responsible for overseeing the Group’s general management and
     business development and for formulating business strategies and policies for our business management and
     operations. The Directors consider that it is suitable for Mr. Zhu to hold both the positions of the Chairman of the
     Board and the Chief Executive Officer as they believe that such arrangement will ensure consistent leadership within
     the Group and enable more effective and efficient overall strategic planning of the Group. The Board is also of the
     view that the balance of power and authority under the present arrangement will not be impaired and this structure
     will enable our Company to make and implement decisions promptly and effectively. The Board will regularly review
     and consider splitting the roles of the Chairman of the Board and the Chief Executive Officer at a time when it is
     appropriate and suitable by taking into account the circumstances of the Group as a whole.
                                                           ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2021 Annual Report   71




                                                                         CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

The Board held eight Board meetings during the year ended March 31, 2021. Agenda and accompanying board
papers were sent to all Directors in a timely manner. Directors who could not attend in person could participate
through electronic means of communications. Individual attendance of each Director at the Board meetings, Board
Committee meetings and general meetings during the year ended March 31, 2021 are set out in the table below:

                                      Number of meetings attended/Number of meetings eligible to attend
                                     Annual     Special                        Audit Remuneration           Nomination
                                    General     General      Board      Committee           Committee        Committee
Directors                           Meeting     Meeting    Meeting          Meeting             Meeting          Meeting


Executive Directors
Mr. ZHU Shunyan (Chairman)               1/1         4/4         8/8             N/A                 N/A               2/2
Mr. WANG Qiang
  (resigned on October 23, 2020)         1/1         2/2         4/4             N/A                 N/A              N/A
Mr. TU Yanwu
  (appointed on October 23, 2020)        N/A         2/2         4/4             N/A                 N/A              N/A


Non-executive Directors
Mr. WU Yongming                          1/1         4/4         8/8             N/A                  1/1             N/A
Mr. WANG Lei
  (resigned on October 23, 2020)         1/1         2/2         4/4             N/A                 N/A              N/A
Mr. XU Hong                              1/1         4/4         8/8             N/A                 N/A              N/A


Independent Non-executive
  Directors
Mr. LUO Tong                             1/1         4/4         8/8              3/3                N/A               2/2
Mr. WONG King On, Samuel                 1/1         4/4         8/8              3/3                 1/1              2/2
Ms. HUANG Yi Fei (Vanessa)               1/1         4/4         8/8              3/3                 1/1             N/A
72   ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2021 Annual Report




     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


     Directors’ Training

     Each newly-appointed Director is offered training by the Company upon his or her appointment, so as to ensure that
     they have appropriate understanding of the Company’s business and they are aware of their duties as directors
     under the applicable laws and regulations.

     Pursuant to Code Provision A.6.5, all directors should participate in continuous professional development to develop
     and refresh their knowledge and skills. This is to ensure that their contribution to the Board remains informed and
     relevant. During the financial year ended March 31, 2021, all of the following Directors participated in continuous
     professional development by attending seminar or by self-studying of materials on topics related to corporate
     governance, regulations and business:

     Executive Directors

     Mr. ZHU Shunyan                                                    Attend seminar and self-study
     Mr. WANG Qiang (resigned on October 23, 2020)                      Attend seminar
     Mr. TU Yanwu (appointed on October 23, 2020)                       Attend seminar and self-study

     Non-executive Directors

     Mr. WU Yongming                                                    Attend seminar and self-study
     Mr. WANG Lei (resigned on October 23, 2020)                        Attend seminar
     Mr. XU Hong                                                        Attend seminar and self-study

     Independent Non-executive Directors

     Mr. LUO Tong                                                       Attend seminar and self-study
     Mr. WONG King On, Samuel                                           Attend seminar and self-study
     Ms. HUANG Yi Fei (Vanessa)                                         Attend seminar and self-study

     Board Committees

     During the year ended March 31, 2021, the Company maintained the Audit Committee, the Nomination Committee
     and the Remuneration Committee in compliance with the Listing Rules and the relevant Code Provisions.

     Remuneration Committee

     During the year ended March 31, 2021, the Remuneration Committee comprised Ms. HUANG Yi Fei (Vanessa)
     (Chairman), Mr. WU Yongming and Mr. WONG King On, Samuel, with specific terms of reference which clearly deals
     with its authority and duties.
                                                                ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2021 Annual Report   73




                                                                              CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


The main duties of the Remuneration Committee include:

(a)   to make recommendations to the Board on the Company’s policy for and structure of remuneration for all Directors
      and senior management and on the establishment of a formal and transparent procedure for developing the
      remuneration policy;

(b)   to make recommendations to the Board on the remuneration packages of individual executive Directors and
      senior management, including benefits in kind, pension rights and compensation payments, and make
      recommendations to the Board on the remuneration of non-executive Directors;

(c)   to review and approve the management’s remuneration proposals with reference to the Board’s corporate goals
      and objectives; and

(d)   to review and approve any proposed grant of options and restricted share units on behalf of the Board in
      accordance with any share award scheme adopted by the Company and in force from time to time under
      certain authorization.

The Remuneration Committee held one meeting for the year ended March 31, 2021. The Remuneration Committee
discussed and made recommendations on the remuneration to be paid to the Directors for the year ended March
31, 2021, and the grant of share options and restricted share units under the share award scheme of the Company
adopted by the Company on November 24, 2014.

Audit Committee

During the year ended March 31, 2021, the Audit Committee comprised Mr. WONG King On, Samuel (Chairman),
Mr. LUO Tong and Ms. HUANG Yi Fei (Vanessa), with specific terms of reference which clearly deals with its
authority and duties.

The main duties of the Audit Committee include:

(a)   to consider the appointment of the external auditor and any questions in relation to its resignation or dismissal;

(b)   to discuss with the external auditor the nature and scope of the audit;

(c)   to review the half-year and annual financial statements before submission to the Board;

(d)   to discuss problems and reservations arising from the interim and final audits, and any matters the auditor may
      wish to discuss;

(e)   to review the external auditor’s management letter and management’s response;

(f)   to review the Company’s financial reporting system, risk management systems and internal control procedures;

(g)   to review the internal audit function, and ensure coordination with external auditor, and ensure the internal audit
      function has adequate resources and appropriate standing within the Company;
74   ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2021 Annual Report




     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


     (h)   to discuss the risk management and internal control system with management to ensure that management has
           performed its duty to have an effective system. This discussion should include the adequacy of resources, staff
           qualifications and experience, training program and budget of the Company’s accounting and financial reporting
           function; and

     (i)   to consider the major findings of internal investigations and management’s response (if any).

     The Audit Committee held three meetings for the financial year ended March 31, 2021. The Audit Committee
     reviewed the financial statements of the Company for the year ended March 31, 2020 and for the six months period
     ended September 30, 2020, re-appointment of Ernst & Young as auditor of the Company, internal controls and risk
     management system and Ernst & Young’s audit plan for the year ended March 31, 2021, and made relevant
     recommendations to the Board for its approval.

     During the year under review, a specialized internal audit function carried out the analysis and independent appraisal
     of the adequacy and effectiveness of the Company’s risk management and internal control systems.

     Nomination Committee

     The Nomination Committee comprised Mr. ZHU Shunyan (Chairman), Mr. LUO Tong and Mr. WONG King On,
     Samuel, with specific terms of reference which clearly deals with its authority and duties.

     The main duties of the Nomination Committee include:

     (a)   to review the structure, size and composition (including the skills, knowledge and experience) of the Board at
           least annually and to make recommendations on any proposed changes to the Board to complement the
           Company’s corporate strategy;

     (b)   to identify individuals suitably qualified to become members of the Board and to select or to make
           recommendations to the Board on the selection of individuals nominated for directorships;

     (c)   to assess the independence of the independent non-executive Directors; and

     (d)   to make recommendations to the Board on the appointment or re-appointment of Directors and succession
           planning for Directors, in particular the chairman of the Board and the chief executive officer of the Company.

     The Nomination Committee held two meetings for the year ended March 31, 2021. The Nomination Committee,
     identified and nominated qualified individual(s) for appointment as additional Director(s) or to fill Board vacancies as
     and when they arise, assessed the independence of the independent non-executive Directors, reviewed the
     retirement schedule, made recommendations on the retirement and re-election of Directors and reviewed the
     composition, size and diversity of the Board.
                                                               ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2021 Annual Report   75




                                                                             CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


NOMINATION POLICY

The Board has adopted a nomination policy which sets out the criteria and process in the nomination and
appointment of Directors. Below are the nomination procedures and the process and criteria adopted by the
Nomination Committee to select and recommend candidates for directorship.

Selection Criteria

The Nomination Committee shall consider the following criteria in evaluating and selecting candidates for
directorships:

•     character and integrity;

•     qualifications including professional qualifications, skills, knowledge and experience and diversity aspects under
      the Board Diversity Policy that are relevant to the Company’s business and corporate strategy;

•     any measurable objectives adopted for achieving diversity on the Board;

•     (in case of independent non-executive Directors) requirement for the Board to have independent non-executive
      Directors in accordance with the Listing Rules and whether the candidate would be considered independent
      with reference to the independence guidelines set out in the Listing Rules;

•     any potential contributions the candidate can bring to the Board in terms of qualifications, skills, experience,
      independence and gender diversity;

•     willingness and ability to devote adequate time to discharge duties as a member of the Board and/or Board
      committee(s) of the Company; and

•     any other perspectives that are appropriate to the Company’s business and succession plan and where applicable,
      may be adopted and/or amended by the Board and/or the Nomination Committee from time to time for
      nomination of Directors and succession planning.
76   ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2021 Annual Report




     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


     Directors Nomination Procedures

     The Board has the relevant procedures for Directors’ nomination which are pursuant to the Listing Rules and the
     Company’s bye-laws as detailed below.

     (a)   Appointment of New Director

           The Nomination Committee or the company secretary of the Company shall call for a meeting of the
           Nomination Committee upon receipt of any nominations of candidates. The Nomination Committee should
           evaluate such candidate based on the selection criteria mentioned above to determine whether such candidate
           is qualified for directorship. The Nomination Committee should then recommend to the Board to appoint the
           appropriate candidate for directorship. For any person that is nominated by a Shareholder for election as a
           Director at the general meeting, the Nomination Committee and/or the Board should evaluate such candidate
           based on the same selection criteria as mentioned above to determine whether such candidate is qualified for
           directorship, and where appropriate, the Nomination Committee and/or the Board should make
           recommendation to the Shareholders in respect of the proposed election of Director at the general meeting.
           The Board should have the final decision on all matters relating to its recommendation of candidates to stand
           for election at any general meeting.

     (b)   Re-election of Director at General Meeting

           Retiring Directors are eligible for nomination by the Board to stand for re-election at the general meeting
           according to the bye-laws of the Company. The Nomination Committee and/or the Board should review the
           overall contribution and service of the retiring Director to the Company, his/her level of participation and
           performance on the Board and determine whether the retiring Director continues to meet the above selection
           criteria. The Nomination Committee and/or the Board should then make recommendation to the Shareholders
           in respect of the proposed re-election of Director at the general meeting.

     Board Diversity Policy

     With effect from June 19, 2014, the Board adopted a board diversity policy setting out the approach to achieve
     diversity on the Board. The Board considered that the diversity of Board members can be achieved through the
     consideration of a number of aspects, including but not limited to gender, age, cultural and educational background,
     ethnicity, professional experience, skills, knowledge and length of service. All Board appointments will be based on
     meritocracy, and candidates will be considered against objective criteria, having due regard for the benefits of
     diversity of the Board. The Nomination Committee reviews the board diversity policy on a regular basis and
     discusses any revisions that might be required, and recommends to the Board for consideration and approval.

     Model Code for Securities Transactions

     The Company has adopted the Model Code to regulate the Directors’ dealings in the Group’s securities. In response
     to specific enquiries by the Company, all Directors, including the existing Directors and the former Directors who had
     been Directors during the year ended March 31, 2021, have confirmed that they have complied with the Model Code
     in their securities transactions throughout the year ended March 31, 2021.
                                                               ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2021 Annual Report   77




                                                                             CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


COMPANY SECRETARY

The company secretary of the Company, Ms. LEE Wai Yan Vivian confirms that she has complied with all the
required qualifications, experience and training requirements of the Listing Rules for the year under review.

AUDITOR’S REMUNERATION

The remuneration paid to Ernst & Young for audit and non-audit services for the year ended March 31, 2021
amounted to approximately RMB3,000,000 and RMB2,862,000, respectively. The non-audit services provided by
Ernst & Young to the Group were in relation to the review service on the interim results, limited assurance services
on continuing connected transactions, other professional service related to the environmental, social and governance
assessment, tax review service and transfer pricing review service.

RISK MANAGEMENT AND INTERNAL CONTROLS

The Board and the management of the Group maintain a sound and effective system of internal controls of the
Group so as to ensure the effectiveness and efficiency of operations of the Group in achieving its established
corporate objectives, safeguarding assets of the Group, rendering reliable financial reporting and complying with the
applicable laws and regulations.

The Board is also responsible for making appropriate assertions on the adequacy of internal controls over financial
reporting and the effectiveness of disclosure controls and procedures. Through the Audit Committee, the Board
reviews the effectiveness of these systems.

It is also the Board’s responsibility to review the effectiveness of the Group’s risk management system and ensure
that risk management controls are sound and effective to safeguard the investment of the Shareholders and the
Group’s assets at all times. In connection with this, the Board formed a risk management committee on November
23, 2016 to discharge its role in monitoring and in exercising oversight over the risk management of the Company.

The Audit Committee and the Board performed its annual review of the Group’s risk management and internal
controls and concluded that for the year ended March 31, 2021, (a) the Group’s risk management and internal
control systems were effective; (b) the Group had adopted the necessary control mechanisms to monitor and correct
non-compliance; and (c) the Group had complied satisfactorily with the requirements of the CG Code in respect of
risk management and internal control systems.

SHAREHOLDER COMMUNICATION POLICY

Purpose

1.   This policy aims at ensuring that the Shareholders, both individual and institutional, and, in appropriate
     circumstances, the investment community at large, are provided with ready, equal and timely access to
     balanced and understandable information about the Company (including its financial performance, strategic
     goals and plans, material developments, governance and risk profile), to enable Shareholders to exercise their
     rights in an informed manner, and to allow Shareholders and the investment community to engage actively with
     the Company. The Board will review the effectiveness of this policy on a regular basis.
78   ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2021 Annual Report




     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


     Communication Strategies

     Corporate Website

     2.    The Company communicates to its Shareholders through announcements and interim and annual reports
           published on its website at http://www.irasia.com/listco/hk/alihealth/. The information on the website is updated
           on a regular basis.

     3.    Information released by the Company to the Stock Exchange is also posted on the Stock Exchange’s website
           immediately thereafter. Such information includes financial statements, results announcements, circulars and
           notices of general meetings and associated explanatory documents etc.

     Shareholders’ meetings

     4.    The Shareholders are encouraged to participate in general meetings or to appoint proxies to attend and vote at
           meetings for and on their behalf if they are unable to attend the meetings.

     5.    The process of the Company’s general meetings will be monitored and reviewed on a regular basis, and, if
           necessary, changes will be made to ensure that Shareholders’ needs are best served.

     6.    Board members, in particular, either the chairman of the Board or chairman of Board committees or their
           delegates, appropriate management executives and external auditor will attend annual general meetings to
           answer Shareholders’ questions.

     Shareholder Privacy

     The Company recognizes the importance of Shareholders’ privacy and will not disclose Shareholders’ information
     without their consent, unless required by law to do so.

     SHAREHOLDERS’ RIGHTS

     Procedures for shareholders to convene a special general meeting

     Shareholders, holding at the date of the requisition not less than 10% of the paid-up capital of the Company
     carrying the right to vote at general meetings of the Company, shall at all times have the right by written requisition
     to the Board or the company secretary, to require a special general meeting (the “SGM”) to be called by the Board
     for the transaction of any business specified in such requisition.

     The requisitionists must state the purpose of the meeting and their contact details in the requisition, and sign and
     deposit the requisition at the principal place of business of the Company for the attention of the company secretary.
                                                              ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2021 Annual Report   79




                                                                            CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


The SGM shall be held within two months from the deposit of the requisition. If the Board fails to proceed to
convene the SGM within 21 days of such deposit, the requisitionists, or any of them representing more than 50% of
the total voting rights of all of them, may convene the SGM by themselves in accordance with the provisions of
Section 74(3) of the Companies Act 1981 of Bermuda (as amended) (the “Companies Act”), but any SGM so
convened shall not be held after the expiration of three months from the deposit of the requisition.

Procedures for putting forward proposals at general meetings

Shareholders holding not less than 5% of the total voting rights of all Shareholders having a right to vote at the
general meeting or not less than 100 Shareholders can submit a written request stating a resolution to be moved at
the annual general meeting or a statement of not more than 1,000 words with respect to a matter referred to in any
proposed resolution or the business to be dealt with at a particular general meeting.

The requisitionists must sign and deposit the written request or statement at the registered office of the Company
and the principal place of business of the Company for the attention of the company secretary, not less than six
weeks before the annual general meeting in the case of a requisition requiring notice of a resolution and not less
than one week before the general meeting in the case of any other requisition.

If the written request is in order, the company secretary will ask the Board to include the resolution in the agenda
for the annual general meeting, as the case may be, to circulate the statement for the general meeting, provided that
the requisitionists have deposited a sum of money reasonably determined by the Board sufficient to meet the
expenses in serving the notice of the resolution and/or circulating the statement submitted by the requisitionists in
accordance with the statutory requirements to all the registered Shareholders.

Procedures for sending enquiries to the Board

Shareholders may send their enquiries with sufficient contact details to the Board at the principal place of the
business of the Company for the attention of the company secretary. When the written enquiries are in order, the
Company will direct them to the Board.

CONSTITUTIONAL DOCUMENTS

Pursuant to a special resolution passed by the Shareholders at the annual general meeting of the Company held on
July 30, 2020, the Company amended the then existing bye-laws by way of adoption of the new bye-laws in
substitution for and to the exclusion of the then existing bye-laws. The purpose of the adoption of the new bye-laws
is to allow electronic and hybrid general meetings to be convened, to reflect certain amendments in the applicable
laws of Bermuda and to make other consequential and housekeeping changes. Further details of such amendments
are disclosed in the announcement of the Company dated June 29, 2020 and the circular of the Company dated
June 29, 2020.

Save for the changes mentioned above, there were no other changes in the constitutional documents of the
Company. The new bye-laws of the Company were published on the websites of the Stock Exchange and the
Company on July 30, 2020.
80   ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2021 Annual Report




     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


     DIVIDEND POLICY

     The Company has adopted a dividend policy that, in recommending or declaring dividends, the Company shall
     maintain adequate and sufficient cash reserves for meeting its working capital requirements and future growth as well
     as its shareholder value. The Board has the full discretion to declare and distribute dividends to the Shareholders,
     and any final dividend for a financial year will be subject to Shareholders’ approval. In proposing any dividend
     payout, the Board shall also take into account, among other things, the Group’s financial results, financial position,
     cash flow situation, business conditions and strategies, expected future operations and earnings, capital requirements
     and expenditure plans, interests of Shareholders, any restrictions on payment of dividends and any other factors the
     Board may consider relevant. Any payment of the dividend by the Company is also subject to any restrictions under
     the Companies Act, the Company’s bye-laws and all applicable laws and regulations.

     DIRECTORS’ RESPONSIBILITY IN PREPARING THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

     The Directors acknowledge their responsibility for preparing the Company’s financial statements of the Group (the
     “Financial Statements”) which give a true and fair view and are in accordance with Hong Kong Financial Reporting
     Standards published by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants. The Directors endeavor to ensure a
     balanced, clear and understandable assessments of the Group’s performance, position and prospects in financial
     reporting. Accordingly, appropriate accounting policies are selected and applied consistently; judgments and
     estimates made are prudent and reasonable.

     The statement of the Company’s auditor about their reporting responsibilities on the Financial Statements is set out
     in the Independent Auditor’s Report on pages 109 to 114 of this report.
                                                                                      ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2021 Annual Report   81




                                        RISK MANAGEMENT AND INTERNAL CONTROL

1.   RISK MANAGEMENT AND INTERNAL CONTROL

     The Group considers risk management and internal control to be a core part of its operational management
     and business activities. The Group is committed to: (i) establishing a comprehensive risk management system
     that is in line with the Group’s strategy and its specific business characteristics; (ii) continually optimizing its risk
     management organizational structure; (iii) enhancing its risk management processes; and (iv) adopting
     quantitative and qualitative risk management approaches to drive better identification, assessment and
     response of risks, to achieve a balance between risks and rewards, and to achieve sustainable development of
     the Group’s businesses while appropriately managing risks.

2.   RISK MANAGEMENT AND INTERNAL CONTROL FRAMEWORK

     The risk management and internal control systems aim to support the Group in realizing its strategic objectives,
     vision and mission as well as the sustainable development of its business. The risk management objectives of
     “Strategy”, “Operation”, “Reporting” and “Compliance” can be achieved through risk identification, assessment,
     response and relevant monitoring measures. Risk management capability is one of our core competitive
     competencies, and we believe that implementing risk management and internal control systems over each
     business segment and every functional department across the Group will help enhance long-term shareholder
     value. The Group’s risk management and internal control framework includes three levels: strategy,
     management and operation.




                                                               Risk
                                                             Strategy                      Strategy Level
                                                       Risk Objectives

                                                           Risk Appetite
                                                                                           n
                                                                                       nti
                                                                                     Co
                                  ys               Risk Management
                                     tem
                                                Organizational Structure                   l Im
                                                                                         ua
                             me
                                nt                                                                   me
                                   S                                                               ve                 Management Level
                                                                                               pro
                                                Identify                   Assess
                             ge
                        kM                           Risk Management                                      d
                          an                                                                           an
                             a                                                                      nt
                                                         Processes
                       Ris                                                                                  ha
                      of                                                                                  En
                                       Report                 Monitor               Respond
                                                                                                                      t
                                                                                                                   en
                   ut
                                                                                                                em
                  yo
                 La                                                                                           nc

                                  Risk Management Assurance Mechanism
                                                                                                                            Operation Level
                                                                                     Communication
                        Business Processes            Performance Appraisal           and Training
82   ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2021 Annual Report




     RISK MANAGEMENT AND INTERNAL CONTROL


           •      Risk Management Strategy

                  The Group’s risk management strategy aims at “ensuring steady growth and sustainable development of
                  the Group’s businesses through continual optimization of the Group’s risk management framework,
                  capability and culture”.

           •      Risk Management Objectives

                  The Group’s risk management objectives include: (1) strategic objective — to construct our risk
                  management and internal control systems so that they are compatible with the Group’s strategic
                  objectives and support the achievement of its strategic goals and sustainable business development; (2)
                  operational objective — to continuously improve the Group’s risk management capabilities, thereby
                  reducing uncertainties in the achievement of our operational goals, supporting our business expansion
                  and innovative activities, and ensuring the efficiency and effectiveness of our operational activities; (3)
                  reporting objective — to ensure the validity, accuracy and completeness of our financial and operation
                  management reporting; and (4) compliance objective — to ensure compliance with both external
                  regulatory requirements and internal management policies, standardize our operational management and
                  business processes to maintain the legality and compliance of each business activity of the Company.

           •      Risk Appetite

                  Risk appetite sets the tone for the Group’s overall risk profile. Having adopted a prudent stance in the
                  determination of its risk appetite, the Group integrates its development strategies with its risk appetite by
                  taking into account its overall strategic deployment and the needs of each business segment, thereby
                  facilitating the healthy operation and sustainable growth of the Group as well as each business segment.
                                                                                               ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2021 Annual Report        83




                                                                                                 RISK MANAGEMENT AND INTERNAL CONTROL


•   Risk Management Organizational Structure

    The Group’s risk management organizational structure has three levels: governance, management and
    execution. The risk management responsibilities and reporting relationships of the different levels are
    illustrated below.



                                                                                    The Board
                       Assess and determine the nature and level        Ensure that effective risk management and         Oversee management’s design, implemen-
                         of risks that the Company is willing to           internal control systems have been            tation and monitoring of the Company’s risk
                          accept to achieve its strategic goals             established and maintained by the             management and internal control systems




          Governance
                                                                                         Company                                     on an ongoing basis




                               Risk Management Committee                                                             Audit Committee
                        Review and provide assurance to the Board on the effective design          Review the effectiveness of the Company's risk management and
                       and implementation of the Company’s risk management and internal                    internal control systems, and report to the Board
                                                control systems




          Management
                                                                 Senior Management

                        Design, implement and monitor the risk management and internal control systems, and provide assurance to the Risk
                                                         Management Committee on their effectiveness




                             Business Team                             Risk Management Team                                 Internal Audit Team
                          First Line of Defence                        Second Line of Defence                              Third Line of Defence


          Execution    Each business team takes responsibility for
                       daily business operation and internal control
                                                                        Risk governance, quality control, internal
                                                                        control, finance and legal teams conduct
                                                                                                                           Conduct independent supervision and
                                                                                                                           assessment on the effectiveness of risk
                                        functions                      daily supervision of the work at the First Line        management and internal control
                                                                                         of Defence




•   Risk Management Processes

    •     Risk identification — based on the Group’s strategic and operational objectives, management
          identifies uncertainties and risk exposures which could affect the Group in realizing its strategic and
          operational objectives in nine major areas, including strategy, operation, quality, customers service,
          finance, laws, human resources, information technology and data, and reputation.

    •     Risk assessment — management and its management team evaluate and rate the identified risks
          based on the two dimensions of probability and impact and ranks them as “high”, “moderate” or
          “low” based on the rating results.

    •     Risk response — risk response strategies include risk avoidance, transfer, mitigation and acceptance.
          Based on the risk identification and assessment results, management adopts appropriate risk
          response strategy to design relevant measures to address the specific risk.
84   ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2021 Annual Report




     RISK MANAGEMENT AND INTERNAL CONTROL


                  •      Risk monitoring — risk monitoring is to oversee the implementation of risk response measures as
                         well as to continuously improve the effectiveness of internal control activities, which includes
                         ongoing monitoring during daily business operation and regular independent assessment.

                  •      Risk reporting — risk reporting is to report on the effectiveness of the design and implementation of
                         the risk management and internal control systems to the Group management, the Board, the Audit
                         Committee and the Risk Management Committee.

           •      Risk Management Assurance Mechanisms

                  •      The Group’s management actions for risk response include processes and internal control activities
                         at the organizational, operational, financial reporting and IT system levels. The relevant processes
                         and internal control activities have been recorded in internal control manuals and policies, which are
                         published on our policy management platform as reference and learning materials for all employees.
                         The Group also established a rules center to publicize policies and requirements in respect of the
                         management of partners and businesses.

                  •      Risk management performance appraisal provides assurance for risk management implementation
                         and the Group ensures implementation of its risk management strategies by raising all employees’
                         risk awareness, standardizing internal control processes and adopting the accountability mechanism
                         of all employees.

                  •      The Group ensures the implementation of operational procedures, policies and internal control
                         activities through related communication and trainings on risk management and internal control,
                         which may take such forms as centralized training sessions, seminars, on-job communication and
                         instructions, online video courses, e-mail reminders and online examinations etc., covering content
                         such as policies, internal control, legal and regulatory compliance, integrity, and data security
                         management.
                                                              ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2021 Annual Report   85




                                                               RISK MANAGEMENT AND INTERNAL CONTROL


3.   MAIN RISK MANAGEMENT AND INTERNAL CONTROL WORK CONDUCTED IN THE FINANCIAL YEAR
     ENDED MARCH 31, 2021 (“FY2021”)

     •   In FY2021, the Risk Management Committee held a meeting to review the risk management and internal
         control systems and reported to the Board. The tasks completed by the committee in FY2021 included:
         (1) discussion and review of the Group’s findings on major risk identification and assessment, the risk
         management strategies and control measures in response to key risks; (2) discussion and review of the
         Risk Management and Internal Control Report required to be disclosed in the annual report for FY2021;
         and (3) discussion and review of the work plan and key points of risk management and internal control
         work for the financial year ending March 31, 2022 (“FY2022”) as well as the expected output and
         timetable etc.

     •   The Group’s management and respective management teams identified uncertainties and risk exposures
         in nine major areas (including strategic risk, operational risk, quality risk, customer service risk, financial
         risk, legal risk, human resources risk, information technology and data security risk, and reputational risk);
         completed the ranking of the identified risks; discussed risk response proposals and measures, which
         formed the main basis for risk management and internal control work for the year.

     •   The business team took steps to standardize the operational procedures and relevant product systems for
         key businesses and management activities, formulated policies and published the same on our policy
         management platform as reference and learning materials for all employees.

     •   The risk management teams, including the risk governance team, quality control team, internal control team,
         financial team, legal team and safety team, provide supports in term of risk management and control
         expertise and capabilities from their respective professional perspectives, and conduct daily supervision of
         the work at the First Line of Defence to ensure effective implementation of risk response measures.

     •   The Group arranged training sessions related to risk management for all staff on a quarterly basis to promote
         risk management awareness and promote risk management culture. Topics covered by such training
         sessions included, among other things, guidance of business processes and internal controls, code of
         business conduct, compliance with business-related laws and regulations, and data security
         management.
86   ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2021 Annual Report




     RISK MANAGEMENT AND INTERNAL CONTROL


     4.    DISCLOSURE OF MATERIAL RISKS

           During the year, the Group identified, analyzed and prioritized all the potential risks faced by its existing and
           new businesses. The following table sets forth risks that were ranked as “high”:

           Major Risks                  Description of Risks                          Risk Response Measures


           Legal Risks                  As the Company operates its principal         •   Establish relevant business processes
                                        businesses under a strict regulatory              and internal control measures, and
                                        regime, if we breach applicable                   added internal monitoring and checks
                                        regulatory requirements, we may be                by specialist teams in relation to
                                        subject to penalties which may                    matters involving regulatory issues, to
                                        adversely affect our brand reputation             ensure that the Company’s business
                                        and business. If we fail to have a timely         operations comply with regulatory
                                        understanding of changes in and                   requirements;
                                        updates on applicable policies and
                                        regulations, or fail to sufficiently assess   •   Stay up-to-date with applicable rules,
                                        the impact of policies and regulations            regulations and regulatory requirements
                                        changes on our business operation,                issued by the government and regulators
                                        management would be unable to adopt               via announcements and notices from
                                        response measures on a timely basis,              the authorities, as well as the news
                                        which would affect the Company’s                  media, the Internet and Alibaba Group’s
                                        regular business activities and its               legislation monitoring system. The Group
                                        business continuity.                              also actively participates in forums
                                                                                          organized by the government and
                                                                                          regulators to ensure that it is fully aware
                                                                                          of the latest government and regulatory
                                                                                          requirements and changes in a timely
                                                                                          manner;

                                                                                      •   Establish information sharing channels
                                                                                          to keep business teams abreast of
                                                                                          the latest regulatory requirements; we
                                                                                          also organize regular internal seminars
                                                                                          and trainings to study and discuss
                                                                                          applicable rules, regulations and
                                                                                          regulatory requirements issued by the
                                                                                          government and regulators, with a view
                                                                                          to ensuring that relevant business teams
                                                                                          accurately understand the policies and
                                                                                          regulations; and

                                                                                      •   The legal and business teams jointly
                                                                                          assess the impact of policy and
                                                                                          regulatory changes on our business,
                                                                                          and design response measures and
                                                                                          alternative business models in response
                                                                                          to the changes, so as to ensure
                                                                                          business continuity as well as regulatory
                                                                                          compliance.
                                                        ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2021 Annual Report   87




                                                         RISK MANAGEMENT AND INTERNAL CONTROL



Major Risks           Description of Risks                           Risk Response Measures


Information           As an Internet company, information            •      Established standardized product
Technology and Data technology and data form the foundation                 R&D     procedures,       R&D     project
Security Risks        for our business development and                      management mechanisms, coordination,
                      operation, as well as one of the                      communication          and     incentive
                      competitive advantages to help maintain               mechanisms for cross-team cooperation
                      high innovation levels and to become an               among R&D, business, product and
                      industry    leader.      Any   failure   or           marketing teams to ensure timely and
                      postponement in our product research                  effective development of products that
                      and development (R&D), disruption of                  meet business needs;
                      transactions due to malfunctioning
                      information systems, or leakage or loss        •      Established IT system maintenance
                      of or unauthorized tampering of our data              standards and business continuity
                      would have a material adverse impact on               guarantee mechanisms, contingency
                      us achieving our strategic objectives, our            plans for IT system interruption, and
                      brand reputation, business continuity and             disaster recovery plans and drills to
                      customer satisfaction.                                ensure smooth and uninterrupted
                                                                            operation of our systems and to
                                                                            improve the capability of the system to
                                                                            respond quickly to risk events; and

                                                                     •      To comprehensively safeguard the
                                                                            Group from the risks of data leakage,
                                                                            loss and tampering from three areas
                                                                            of staff, processes and information
                                                                            technology,      the    Group     (i)   has
                                                                            established management procedures
                                                                            for data collection and transmission,
                                                                            storage security, encrypted protection,
                                                                            authorized      access      and    usage,
                                                                            and destruction; (ii) has deployed
                                                                            information technology for data security
                                                                            management and encrypted protection;
                                                                            and (iii) organizes regular trainings
                                                                            to communicate data security and
                                                                            confidentiality requirements to all our
                                                                            employees.
88   ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2021 Annual Report




     RISK MANAGEMENT AND INTERNAL CONTROL



           Major Risks                  Description of Risks                         Risk Response Measures


           Competitive Risks            In China, there is intense competition       •   The responsible manager for each
                                        in the Internet healthcare sector. The           business segment closely monitors the
                                        continuous evolution in business and             competitive situation of his/her business
                                        operational models, as well as significant       segment, and reports on the relevant
                                        moves or decisions by major competitors          information and share his/her insight and
                                        in the industry and new entrants, may            judgment at the monthly management
                                        bring potential threats to and have              meeting;
                                        adverse impact on the Group’s business
                                        and competitive advantages.                  •   We have a specialist team which
                                                                                         conducts in-depth analysis and research
                                                                                         on competition in the industry regularly
                                                                                         and reports to management for
                                                                                         reference, which enables management
                                                                                         to make informed business decisions
                                                                                         and develop appropriate operational
                                                                                         strategies and effective solutions to
                                                                                         address the competitive risks; and

                                                                                     •   Senior management is committed
                                                                                         to    innovative    and    diversified
                                                                                         management in relation to our
                                                                                         business plans and deployments. In
                                                                                         the course of steadfastly executing
                                                                                         the   strategic    decisions,    senior
                                                                                         management strives for the Group
                                                                                         to develop and accumulate core
                                                                                         competitive advantages and become
                                                                                         an unsurpassable company in the
                                                                                         industry.
                                                              ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2021 Annual Report   89




                                                                RISK MANAGEMENT AND INTERNAL CONTROL


5.   OUTLOOK AND KEY ACTIONS FOR FY2022

     •    Continue to reinforce the Group’s risk management and internal control structure and drive its
          implementation, so as to continually improve the Group’s risk management capabilities to ensure
          compliance with the Corporate Governance Code of the Stock Exchange and alignment with best
          industry practices.

     •    Continue to supervise each business segment and functional department to promote and optimize the
          design, implementation and operation of our risk management and internal control systems, and conduct
          independent supervision and assessment to ensure the effective design and implementation of internal
          control for major risks.

     •    Continue to focus on material changes and updates of key risks and make timely adjustments to the risk
          response measures and solutions accordingly.

     •    Further establish and improve the Group’s policy and process guidelines and system of rules, strengthen
          internal and external publicity, and create a good business environment.

     •    Ongoing risk management trainings and risk management culture education for all staff to enhance their
          awareness of risk management, reinforce the accountability mechanism, and ensure implementation of the
          Group’s risk management strategies.

     In the face of existing and emerging risks, the Group must maintain continual and strict supervision and control
     under effective risk management and internal control systems. The Group has a management team well-
     attuned to the importance of risk management, which will proactively identify, prevent and manage risks and
     continually seek to improve the Group’s risk management and internal control systems.

6.   STATEMENT OF THE BOARD REGARDING INTERNAL CONTROL RESPONSIBILITY

     The Group’s internal controls aim at ensuring compliance of its operations with laws and regulations, the
     security of its assets and the validity and completeness of its financial reports and related information, to
     enhance its operational efficiency and effectiveness and facilitate the realization of its growth strategies. The
     Group has established internal control procedures to safeguard against the unauthorized use or disposition of
     its assets, to ensure the maintenance of proper accounting records for the provision of reliable financial
     information for internal use or for publication, and to ensure compliance with applicable laws, rules and
     regulations. During the year, the Group conducted a comprehensive self-assessment of its internal controls and
     reported the result to the Audit Committee and the Board, and no significant deficiencies were identified. The
     Board believes that, for the year ended March 31, 2021, the Group’s existing internal control systems were
     sufficient and effective to assure the interests of the Group and its shareholders.
90   ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2021 Annual Report




     ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT

     Alibaba Health firmly believes that the most important social responsibility of healthcare enterprises is to improve the
     health of people and the efficiency of the healthcare industry. We have an unwavering commitment to “promoting
     healthy living of 120 years for everyone”. Our vision is to become the “professional caretaker of every person and
     his/her family”, aiming at developing the largest and most comprehensive infrastructure for medical and healthcare
     services in China in 10 years, promoting a healthy lifestyle for 1 billion users, and enabling living with vitality and
     dignity through early prevention, examination, detection and treatment on our platform. By leveraging on Alibaba
     Health’s strengths and experience in Internet, artificial intelligence (“AI”) and other advanced technologies, we are
     dedicated to establishing a reliable and affordable medical and healthcare services platform in line with our
     commitment of “good medicines, renowned doctors and assurance”, to serve our core users, being the household
     medical and healthcare managers. Based on the Outline of the Healthy China 2030 Plan and focusing on the
     “Healthy China Strategy” of “joint contribution, shared benefits, and health for all”, we have integrated the
     coordinated development of enterprises and society into Alibaba Health’s development strategy, the principles of
     which are reflected in Alibaba Health’s environmental, social and governance (ESG) policies.

     COMMUNICATION WITH STAKEHOLDERS

     Alibaba Health attaches great importance to communication with our stakeholders, including consumers, partners,
     employees, government, shareholders, and the society, and has been working to improve the participation
     mechanism of stakeholders to address their concerns and demands, and ramping up efforts to fulfill our ESG
     commitment, so that Alibaba Health can create value for our stakeholders through its growth and development.


      Stakeholders                       Key Concerns                            Communication & Responses

      Government                         Compliance with laws & regulations      Compliance management
                                         Support for economic development        Implementation of state policies
                                         Payment of taxes according to laws      Active payment of taxes

      Shareholders                       Return on investment                    Timely disclosure of operating
                                         Business & profit growth                  information
                                         Risk management                         Results announcement meetings
                                         Information disclosure                  Shareholder and investor meetings

      Consumers                          Quality and affordable products &       Pharmaceutical healthcare services
                                           services                                improvement
                                         Healthcare knowledge education          Consumer satisfaction surveys
                                         Consumer privacy protection             Consumer information protection

      Employees                          Staff benefits assurance                Provision of good remuneration package
                                         Occupational health protection          Implementation of staff training
                                         Sound career path                       Enhancement of career development
                                         Work-life balance                         path
                                                               ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2021 Annual Report   91




                                                      ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT



 Stakeholders                  Key Concerns                                  Communication & Responses

 Partners                      Industry advancement and win-win              Contract fulfillment according to laws
                                 outcome                                     Public tenders
                               Procurement with openness, fairness and       Launch of cooperative projects
                                 impartiality
                               Faithful performance of contracts

 Environment                   Energy conservation                           Management of emissions
                               Overall responsible steward of the            Improvement of efficiency in the use of
                                 environment                                    resources and energy
                                                                             Participation in environmental public
                                                                                welfare activities

 Society and the Public        Integration of business operation and         Charitable activities
                                 public welfare                              Volunteer services
                               Support for community development


ANALYSIS OF MATERIAL ISSUES

Alibaba Health identified important ESG issues in light of the development of its business to ensure that the ESG
report covers all important issues to the Company and its stakeholders.

During the Reporting Period, the important ESG issues we identified included “pharmaceutical product quality and
safety”, “data and privacy security”, “customer experience”, “compliance operation”, “supply chain compliance
management”, “employee training and development” and “accessible medical and healthcare services”. In this report,
we will discuss and analyze these issues in detail.

COMMUNITY AND ENVIRONMENT RESPONSIBILITIES

It is part of our mission to leverage our capabilities as an enterprise to address the needs of society. Alibaba Health
always aims to leverage our strengths in Internet technology and platform and combine our own business with public
welfare practices effectively. We joined the continuous efforts in fighting against the COVID-19 pandemic and actively
participated in charitable activities in the healthcare sector to promote the sustainable development of public welfare
activities.

Combating the COVID-19 Pandemic

Since the outbreak of the COVID-19 pandemic, Alibaba Health has actively responded to China’s COVID-19
pandemic prevention and control measures. We formulated comprehensive strategies for COVID-19 pandemic
prevention and control during the outbreak and the period of normalized prevention and control, in vigorous support
of the domestic and overseas anti-pandemic efforts.
92   ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2021 Annual Report




     ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


     We leveraged our technological advantages to help prevent and control the COVID-19 pandemic in China as well as
     overseas. We established the “Global MediXchange for Combating COVID-19 (GMCC)” platform which offers
     consultations on COVID-19 pandemic prevention and treatment from doctors at the forefront of combating the
     COVID-19 pandemic, and shares the first-hand experience in combating COVID-19 pandemic, as well as AI big data
     and cloud computing technology with front-line doctors and nurses around the world, so as to support domestic and
     overseas COVID-19 diagnostic technologies and scientific research. Anti-pandemic information on the GMCC platform
     has been translated into 31 languages, providing literature support for nearly 1 million healthcare personnel. Doctors
     on the platform have provided tens of thousands of free online consultations for overseas Chinese. In addition,
     Alibaba Health launched free online medical consultation services available on a 16/7 basis during the pandemic,
     allowing users to seek professional advice online from medical practitioners from healthcare organizations across the
     whole country. This service benefited a mass of people with health diagnosis and treatment advice, effectively
     alleviating the diagnosis and treatment pressure on local healthcare organizations. We rolled out nucleic acid testing
     service in more than 100 cities across China, effectively addressing the needs of a wide range of communities.

     Philanthropic Health Promotion Campaigns

     Since the establishment of the Philanthropy Committee of Alibaba Health in 2017, Alibaba Health has been engaging
     in various charitable activities to benefit the society by actively building a team of staff volunteers, engaging in
     volunteer services and poverty alleviation efforts, with an aim to contribute to the harmonious development of the
     society.

     While devoting to systematic public welfare undertakings including “Global Drug Search Alliance”, “Expired Drug
     Collection Alliance Action”, etc., Alibaba Health has also been focusing on the health issues of the poor population.
     We leveraged on Alibaba Group’s digital technology to initiate a project to control multiple drug-resistant tuberculosis
     (“MDR-TB”) and “Join Us for Training on Yi Die Gu”^ (醫蝶谷一起學) to support medical poverty alleviation efforts,
     and partnered with the government to improve the county-level healthcare systems, in order to reduce the
     occurrence of lapse and relapse into poverty due to diseases and contribute to the sustainable development of
     healthcare in rural areas.
                                                                    ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2021 Annual Report   93




                                                          ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT




 Case study:            “Join Us for Training on Yi Die Gu”^ (醫蝶谷一起學) medical poverty alleviation
                        and support platform

                                Photo: A Thank You Letter from a doctor of Nangqian County Hospital
                 to appreciate the help from the “Join Us for Training on Yi Die Gu”^ (醫蝶谷一起學) support platform


                                                            In August 2020, Alibaba Health worked with Chinese
                                                            Medical Volunteers and other similar charitable health
                                                            organizations to initiate a project to support medical
                                                            poverty alleviation efforts, namely “Joining Us for Training
                                                            on Yi Die Gu”^ (醫蝶谷一起學). We set up primary expert
                                                            workstations as an online and offline medical poverty
                                                            alleviation and support platform, which provided primary
                                                            doctors with services, including free offline medical
                                                            consultation services and free drugs, customized online
                                                            training of specialized knowledge, remote case discussion,
                                                            remote ward rounds, etc, in order to accurately help
                                                            county-level hospitals in remote areas and improve their
                                                            specialized capabilities.

                                                            In early 2021, a patient with sudden consciousness
                                                            disorder who had been incontinent for half an hour was
                                                            admitted to the intensive care unit (“ICU”) in Emergency
                                                            Department of the Nangqian County Hospital, Yushu
                                                            Prefecture, Qinghai Province. During the period, the
                                                            patient had been in deep coma with persistent high fever,
                                                            with symptoms worsening on January 14 after the
emergency doctors had tried various treatment measures. The hospital then sought urgent help from experts
through “Join Us for Training on Yi Die Gu”^ (醫蝶谷一起學), where medical experts provided guidance and
shared knowledge about pathological diagnosis and treatment, and informed the physician of the potential
issues at the initial stage of medical treatment and the precautions for subsequent medical treatment. With
guidance from the medical experts, not only was the patient restored to an improved condition, but also the
hospital had also deepened its knowledge and facilitated a detailed understanding of neurosurgical diagnosis
and treatment.
94   ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2021 Annual Report




     ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT



                                                             Photo: Medical personnel from
                     “Join Us for Training on Yi Die Gu”^ (醫蝶谷一起學) working on-site to support medical poverty alleviation efforts


                                                                           As of March 31, 2021, the “Join Us for Training on Yi
                                                                           Die Gu”^ (醫蝶谷一起學) initiative was rolled out in Yushu
                                                                           of Qinghai Province, Ganzi of Sichuan Province, Weinan
                                                                           of Shaanxi Province, Nujiang of Yunnan Province,
                                                                           Qinglong of Guizhou Province, and Changbai Mountain of
                                                                           Jilin Province to offer offline assistance, while its online
                                                                           platform had covered 120 county-level hospitals in 19
                                                                           provinces, including Qinghai, Sichuan, Shaanxi, Yunnan,
                                                                           Guizhou, Xinjiang and Guangxi. This initiative had trained
                                                                           more than 1,200 county doctors and offered
        approximately 20,000 training sessions to doctors from county-level hospitals, leaving these counties with a
        “medical force that cannot be taken away”. As a result, people in poor areas now have convenient access to
        quality medical services.


           Case study:            Public Service to Control MDR-TB


                                                         Photo: Song Jing, a disease prevention
                        and control doctor in Poji Town, Yunnan Province, offering medical consultation service to a local villager


                                                                           MDR-TB is a variant of Tuberculosis (“TB”) with a cure
                                                                           rate of only about 50%, inflicting enormous burden on
                                                                           the physique, family and financial condition of patients as
                                                                           a major illness-related cause of relapse into poverty. The
                                                                           MDR-TB patients in China are mostly concentrated in
                                                                           rural areas, underprivileged western regions and remote
                                                                           ethnic minority regions.

                                                                           In December 2020, Alibaba Health, together with the
                                                                           “Lan Nong Charity Fund”^ (藍 農 公 益 基 金), led by
        Professor Zhang Wenhong from the Infectious Diseases Department of Huashan Affiliated Hospital of Fudan
        University^ (復旦大學附屬華山醫院), initiated a project to control MDR-TB, providing eligible MDR-TB patients
        with free examination, treatment and follow-up services. This project was launched in Zhaotong of Yunnan
        Province, and it was planned to extend to more than 10 cities and prefectures, including Kunming,
        Xishuangbanna, Gejiu, Zhaotong, Wenshan, Qujing and Baoshan, etc., by 2021, to help more than half of the
        newly diagnosed MDR-TB patients in Yunnan fight the disease throughout the year. Meanwhile, the project
        delved into scientific research data, which served as a clinical basis to explore a MDR-TB Chinese Solution
        suitable for national conditions, with an aim to helping protect more patients in poverty-stricken areas across
        China and even the world at large from the harm of TB. As of March 31, 2021, more than 180 doctors from
        24 hospitals had joined the project, delivering successful treatment services to 160 patients in total.
                                                               ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2021 Annual Report   95




                                                      ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


Green Operation

Alibaba Health upholds the philosophy of “lucid waters and lush mountains are invaluable assets” and attaches great
importance to environmental protection and resource conservation. While the Internet industry in which Alibaba
Health is part of is neither a manufacturer nor a highly polluting industry, we strive to implement the green and low-
carbon strategies. We vigorously promote energy conservation and emission reduction, as we advocate a green
working environment and integrate the concept of environmental protection into every part of our daily operation and
management, with a view to minimizing environment impact.

We strictly abide by the Environmental Protection Law of the People’s Republic of China (《中華人民共和國環境保護
法》), the Energy Conservation Law of the People’s Republic of China (《中華人民共和國節約能源法》) and other
relevant laws and regulations. We strive to improve the utilization rate of energy and resources, and actively
undertake energy saving and consumption reduction activities to save water and electricity.

Energy:

•    Inspect office area throughout the day and turn off unnecessary electrical equipment on a timely basis; adjust
     indoor air-conditioning temperature and fresh air systems in buildings to reduce electricity waste;

•    Convert all meeting rooms into video conference rooms and promote the use of video conferencing to effectively
     reduce unnecessary business trips;

•    Encourage low-carbon travel and provide shuttle buses for staff.

Water resource:

•    Advocate water conservation and reduce water waste through awareness promotion and slogans.

The Company strictly abides by the Law of the People’s Republic of China on the Prevention and Control of
Environmental Pollution by Solid Waste (《中華人民共和國固體廢物污染環境防治法》) , and classifies and makes
compliance treatment of solid waste. The Company’s waste generated in the process of operation mainly includes
packaging materials for logistics, used drugs recycled from offline stores, office wastes such as used toner cartridge,
used light tubes, used batteries and used paper, and household wastes. In addition, in view of our own business
characteristics, the Company is not engaged in manufacturing during its operation, so there is no demand for
packaging materials for manufactured products.
96   ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2021 Annual Report




     ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


     During the Reporting Period, Alibaba Health actively carried out garbage classification, uniformly allocated garbage
     sorting boxes, and called on employees to follow garbage classification standards when disposing recyclable wastes
     and non-recyclable wastes, which were then processed by the Company. At the same time, we took various
     measures to reduce and recycle office wastes:

     •     Set strict quotas for the use of office supplies, and require office supplies to be obtained only as needed to
           avoid wastage;

     •     Put recycling bins in the office, advocate double-sided use of paper, and encourage employees to place single-
           sided printing paper, used paper in the recycling bins for reuse; bind recycled single-side printed papers into
           manual notebooks for employees to use;

     •     Work with Alibaba Group to roll out the activity of exchanging waste paper for green plants;

     •     Conducted discarded dry battery recycling activities, and encouraged employees to bring their discarded batteries
           to the Company for centralized recycling.

     The Company also arranged responsible disposal of used drugs to avoid environmental impact.

     During the Reporting Period, major energy sources that the Company used included electricity, gasoline and
     outsourced heat. The Company mainly used water from municipal water supply, without any external water sources
     involved. Alibaba Health’s consumption of various resources and energy is as follows:

                                Alibaba Health’s Energy and Resource Consumption for FY2021


                                                                                                      Density
                                                               Consumption                  (Consumption per Employee)
     Indicator                                       FY2019         FY2020       FY2021     FY2019     FY2020     FY2021



     Electricity consumption (kWh)                  378,791         355,914      346,587     468.80     359.51     337.80

     Water consumption (tons)                      4,600.00        4,264.35      7,979.00      5.69       4.31        7.78

     Greenhouse gas emissions
         (tons of CO2 equivalent)                    355.70             332.76    314.99       0.44       0.34        0.31

     Office paper (tons)                               1.209             1.163     1.077    0.00150   0.00117     0.00105
                                                                ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2021 Annual Report   97




                                                       ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


PRODUCT AND SERVICE RESPONSIBILITIES

Leveraging on our strengths in the Internet, big data and cloud computing, Alibaba Health is committed to promoting
pharmaceutical e-commerce and new retail business in a user-oriented manner and through various channels, while
providing integrated online and offline solutions for the health industry. On the basis of ensuring professional and safe
services, it aims to enhance the convenience for patients to get access to medicine and medical treatment, and
meet the demand of consumers for a healthy lifestyle.

Quality Control

Alibaba Health strictly abides by relevant laws and regulations, including the Food Safety Law of the People’s
Republic of China (《中華人民共和國食品安全法》), Drug Administration Law of the People’s Republic of China (《中
華人民共和國藥品管理法》), Vaccine Administration Law of the People’s Republic of China (《中華人民共和國疫苗管
理法》), Regulations on the Implementation of the Drug Administration Law of the People’s Republic of China (《中華
人民共和國藥品管理法實施條例》), the Measures for the Administration of Drug Trading Licenses of the People’s
Republic of China (《藥品經營許可證管理辦法》) and the Interim Provisions for Examination and Approval of Internet
Drug Trading Services of the People’s Republic of China (《互聯網藥品交易服務審批暫行規定》). We have developed
our quality control system in accordance with the Good Supply Practice for Pharmaceutical Products (GSP) (《藥品經
營質量管理規範》) and taken effective quality control measures throughout the value chain covering drug storage,
sales and transportation, so as to ensure the quality of drugs. We have also launched the drug tracking system
pursuant to relevant national regulations to enable traceability of drugs. We have established a dedicated quality
control team, adopted a comprehensive business management and control mechanism, and taken a variety of quality
control measures, including latest AI drug safety system, free drug use consultation, insurance on authenticated drug
purchase, to improve the overall quality of the products sold and the safe use of all medical products.

Regulated Management of Merchants

We have developed comprehensive practice rules for sourcing and admission of new merchants, and release of
products and services to strictly manage the screening of new merchants and the clearing of existing merchants, in
order to ensure that the third-party merchants on the platform comply with laws in terms of licenses and sales of
products. For example, in respect of merchants selling medical devices, pursuant to the Measures for Supervision
and Management of Online Sales of Medical Devices (《醫療器械網絡銷售監督管理辦法》) , Alibaba Health has
established a strict admission system for the entry of medical device merchants. All merchants must be qualified for
medical device business and obtain medical device online registration certificates and valid business licenses, etc. We
have also developed a standard for the launch of medical device products. Merchants must upload accurate
information about the registration certificate and label of the medical device before launching such products. In terms
of medical service providers, Alibaba Health has put in place relevant requirements for sourcing and admission, and
formulated the Standards on Admission to Alibaba Health Medical Platform (《阿里健康醫療平台入駐標準》) and Rules
of Alibaba Health on Management of Sourcing of Physical Check/Inspection Providers in Alipay (《阿里健康支付寶體
檢╱檢查機構招商管理規範》) . We verify the qualifications of all medical institutions and physicians entering the
platform, and obtain relevant information updates from government authorities such as the health administration
department to ensure that the institutions and physicians on the platform meet relevant qualification requirements.
98   ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2021 Annual Report




     ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


     Product Verification Process

     We have developed detailed technical specifications specific to various products launched on the platform, and have
     formulated the Standards for Launching Vaccine Products on the Platform of Alibaba Health (《阿里健康疫苗平台商
     品發佈標準》) and Technical Specifications for Prohibited Additives in Edible Products (《可食用類產品違禁添加技術
     規範》) based on the characteristics of the products, to ensure that the additive and prohibited substances in each
     product are within the limits required by the relevant laws and regulations while assuring the quality of the products.
     We have established a “transparent laboratory” to formulate product standards and conduct testing for various kinds
     of food. At the same time, for the purpose of improving the transparency of quality information and the consumer
     awareness, we conduct sampling tests on products regularly and inform consumers of the test results in the test
     information shown on the product introduction page in our online store. In 2020, Alibaba Health cooperated with
     testing institutes such as the Zhejiang Institute of Medical Device Testing to jointly carry out sampling tests on
     medical devices. We also pay close attention to the sampling test announcements and unannounced inspection
     announcements issued by the medical product regulatory authorities and deal with unqualified products in a timely
     manner.

     Product Tracking System

     We make continuous efforts in improving the product tracking system to meet the mandatory requirements of the
     national tracking regulations and achieve traceability of sources and circulation. Pursuant to the Drug Administration
     Law of the People’s Republic of China (《中華人民共和國藥品管理法》) and Vaccine Administration Law of the
     People’s Republic of China (《中華人民共和國疫苗管理法》) , we have established third-party tracking platform called
     “Ma Shang Fang Xin”^ (碼上放心) and formulated tracking standards and specifications, so that the source of medical
     products and non-pharmaceutical products such as imported food, healthcare products, cosmetics and agricultural
     products can be verified, circulation can be tracked, and accountability can be pursued throughout the life cycle.
     Through an enhanced product tracking system, we can control product quality and safety risks effectively to improve
     our product safety and public safety management and recall products with defects in a timely manner. During the
     Reporting Period, no case of product recall on the direct business platform of Alibaba Health was recorded.

     Information Security

     Information technologies and data security are the core principles for the business development and operation of
     Alibaba Health as an Internet company. Alibaba Health attaches great importance to data security and is committed
     to data protection.

     We abide by the laws including the Cybersecurity Law of the People’s Republic of China (《中華人民共和國網絡安全
     法》), Regulations on Technical Measures for Internet Security Protection (《互聯網安全保護技術措施規定》) and
     General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) (《通用數據保護條例》) , and have established sound internal security
     management systems and effective rules. As part of its efforts to minimize information and data security risks,
     Alibaba Health has developed management rules related to data collection and transmission, secure storage,
     encryption protection, authorized access and use and destruction and has taken comprehensive measures in terms
     of data security management and encryption protection.
                                                                ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2021 Annual Report   99




                                                       ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


Information Security System Certification

Alibaba Health strictly complies with the rules related to information security and data compliance formulated by
Alibaba Group, including the Data Security Specifications (General) of Alibaba Group (《阿里巴巴集團數據安全規範
（總綱）》), Information Disclosure Rules of Alibaba Group (《阿里巴巴集團 — 對外數據披露細則》) and Financial
Information Security Management Rules of Alibaba (《阿里巴巴財務數據安全管理制度》) . Leveraging on the big data
platform of Alibaba Cloud, we provide services to facilitate management of medical industry data and pursue the
“Internet + Healthcare” model. Alibaba Cloud has obtained the registration certificate of level-3 information security
protection of information system from the Ministry of Public Security. The data security management system of
Alibaba Health has obtained ISO27000 Information Security Management System certification and ISO9000 Quality
Management System certification. In addition, the diagnosis system under the Alibaba Health “Dr. Deer” platform has
also obtained the registration certificate of level-3 information security protection of information system from the
Ministry of Public Security.

In addition, the “Ma Shang Fang Xin” platform of Alibaba Health complies with requirements as stipulated in the
announcement issued by the National Medical Products Administration on three information standards, including the
Basic Technical Requirements for Drug Tracking System (《藥品追溯系統基本技術要求》) , and has also obtained the
registration certificate of level-3 information security protection of information system from the Ministry of Public
Security. The platform has obtained the highest level of certification of non-bank institutions in China in regard to its
information security.

Information Security Management

We have established management rules for the operation and maintenance of the information systems and business
continuity guarantee mechanisms, formulated emergency plans for operation interruption of the information system
and taken measures regularly with regard to disaster recovery plans and drills, in order to ensure the safety and
continuity of the information system operation and facilitate quicker response of the system in the event of security
risks.

The Chief Risk Officer (CRO) of Alibaba Health and his team are responsible for the daily management of data
security of the Company. CRO reports to the Risk Management Committee of the Board on an annual basis and on
three aspects, namely, the employee data security, the basic security — application security of Alibaba Health as well
as upstream and downstream data security. The Risk Management Committee supervises the security performance
and makes final decisions. In the ordinary course of business, our CRO team holds weekly meetings and monthly
meetings regularly to discuss data security matters and events, and communicates on cases of emergencies in a
timely manner.

We share the data security expert team (https://security.alibaba.com/) with Alibaba Group and go through real-time
security tests with the participation of over 10,000 data security experts from all over the world. Alibaba Health
conducts security assessments on all applications/interfaces on a daily basis, including compliance assessment (legal
+ data security) and technical platform assessment (black and white box testing) to ensure the security performance
of the computer network system.
100   ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2021 Annual Report




      ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


      Information Security Promotion

      In terms of training and emergency drills, for better employee response capability, the Company has formulated data
      security emergency plans and conducted data security drills for different scenarios. Alibaba Health provides trainings
      and campaigns for employees on data security issues based on different levels. Data security training is provided to
      all new employees, while specialized data security training is provided in respect of the warehousing system. At the
      same time, in order to promote the awareness and understanding of security-related knowledge and requirements
      among all staff, the Company provides internal security trainings and examinations for all staff including interns and
      outsourced employees regularly and launches campaigns on data security and confidentiality-related contents. For
      data security incidents that occurred, we have reviewed and trained relevant personnel with a view to enhancing their
      data security awareness and response capabilities comprehensively.

      Privacy Protection

      Alibaba Health fully integrates data privacy protection into every product and service, and safeguards users’ right to
      know, choose and control their personal information. We protect the privacy and security of user data in accordance
      with the laws, and strictly abide by relevant laws and regulations, including the Provisions on the Protection of
      Personal Information of Telecommunication and Internet Users (《電信和互聯網用戶個人信息保護規定》) . Alibaba
      Health follows the Data Security Specifications (《數據安全規範》) and related rules in terms of customer privacy
      protection, and has formulated privacy protection policies for relevant products, such as the Legal Statement and
      Privacy Policy (《法律聲明及隱私權政策》) for the “Dr. Deer” platform and the Legal Statement and Privacy Policy (《法
      律聲明及隱私權政策》) for Alipay’s healthcare channel, which are posted on our official website. These policies are
      applicable across Alibaba Health and to the specific products or services that we provide, and explain the collection,
      circulation and use of personal information.

      We undertake to keep related data files, commercial information, patient information and basic medical data of the
      platform in a proper manner, and not to display, aggregate, leak, use, or authorize others to use personal
      information and data without authorization. We classify and manage customer information, set up systematized
      authorization management for personnel who have access to private data, impose clear segregation and set time
      limits on access to such information. Meanwhile, we supervise data management staff on a daily basis, keep
      database records for private data operations and stipulate expressly that authorized accounts with data access rights
      shall not be privately assigned or transferred to others in order to minimize risks of personal information and data
      leakage.

      Regular trainings on data security and confidentiality are organized for all staff, so as to prevent the risk of data
      leakage, loss or tampering from three aspects — information technology, personnel and processes. In addition, we
      strictly follow the principle of “only disclosing the minimum needed” when any disclosure of client information is
      required. Each time before we disclose customer information to a third party, we must go through a prior written
      disclosure review, and the disclosure target is limited to the third party that the customer has been informed of and
      authorized, so that client’s privacy and data security are strictly protected.
                                                                 ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2021 Annual Report   101




                                                        ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


Customer Service

Alibaba Health has always upheld the service philosophy of customer first, and dedicated to protecting the interests
of users. We have established a comprehensive customer service team, providing diversified services to our users,
while enhancing user experience and offering carefree and convenient services.

Alibaba Health Pharmacy platform provides online consultation services on a 16/7 basis. Inquiries from customers are
answered by our certified pharmacist teams, aiming to help consumers to make the right purchase decisions based
on the pharmacists’ professional guidance, comprehensive webpage descriptions and user feedback. After making a
purchase, consumers who are our members can also rely on real-time medication reminders that automatically
generate a medication plan to help achieve scientific, timely and safe medication administration. Guided medication
services are also provided for members of the “Prescription for Chronic Disease Welfare Program”.

All pharmacists in Alibaba Health Pharmacy have obtained qualification and practice certificates, and receive trainings
on relevant medical knowledge on a regular basis. Manufacturers are invited to explain drug precautions to the
pharmacists. Alibaba Health Pharmacy selects gold medal pharmacists every month based on their performance to
encourage pharmacists to learn and build a first-class pharmacist team. We have more than 2,000 pharmacists
holding national certificates of qualification providing online customer service, making it possible for after-sales issues,
including refund requests, to be responded to and resolved promptly, and 98% of customer inquiries to be resolved
within 24 hours.

Besides, we provide patients with online healthcare consultation services through “Dr. Deer” APP based on our cloud
pharmacy health management service platform. There are nearly 60,000 licensed physicians, pharmacists and
nutritionists on the platform, among which, over 46,000 are chief doctors, associate-chief doctors and attending
doctors.

Intellectual Property Rights

Alibaba Health attaches great importance to the management and protection of intellectual property rights and strictly
abides by the Patent Law of the People’s Republic of China (《中華人民共和國專利法》), the Trademark Law of the
People’s Republic of China (《中華人民共和國商標法》) and the Copyright Law of the People’s Republic of China (《中
華人民共和國著作權法》) and other laws and regulations, so as to protect intellectual property rights of Alibaba
Group and external parties.

We adopt Alibaba Group’s Code of Business Conduct (《商業行為準則》) , requesting each employee of Alibaba Health
to comply with any applicable provisions and conditions specified in the agreements relevant to proprietary
information and inventions. Third party names, brands, logos, data or software must be used carefully under
applicable laws and relevant authorizations from intellectual property holders. We value innovation and provide
incentives for innovative employees based on the Alibaba Group’s innovation award scheme while protecting
innovations actively. We identify and manage intellectual property rights infringement risks for merchants, and
coordinate them for follow up actions in case of infringements. During the Reporting Period, there were no known
intellectual property complaints held against Alibaba Health.
102   ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2021 Annual Report




      ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


      RESPONSIBILITIES TOWARD OUR EMPLOYEES

      Being a people-oriented company, Alibaba Health respects the rights and interests of all employees. Emphasis is
      given to personnel training and employee care, so that employees can grow with the Company.

      Employment and Labor Rules

      In strict compliance with the Labor Law of the People’s Republic of China (《中華人民共和國勞動法》), the Labor
      Contract Law of the People’s Republic of China (《中華人民共和國勞動合同法》) and other laws and regulations,
      Alibaba Health formulated the Policy of Employment Management, upholding the principle of equal employment and
      instituted policies to prevent discrimination based on gender, ethnicity, marital status, religion and other factors in all
      aspects of staff recruitment, training and promotion. Employment of child workers and forced labor are strictly
      prohibited.

      Alibaba Health respects the rights and interests of employees and maintains responsible employer and employee
      relationship. The Company provides equal employment opportunities, uses labor contracts in accordance with the
      laws and makes contribution to social insurance for employees on time. The Company also establishes salary
      management systems and incentive policies that offers competitive remuneration and performance bonuses. It also
      strictly abides by laws and regulations such as the Social Insurance Law of the People’s Republic of China (《中華人
      民共和國社會保險法》) and the Regulations on the Administration of Housing Provident Funds Management
      Regulations (《住房公積金管理條例》) , and makes contribution timely to the five social insurances and housing fund
      for employees with whom labor contracts have been signed; establishes a comprehensive welfare system, including
      but not limited to: providing paid holidays for pregnant employees, setting up nursing rooms for employees who are
      breastfeeding mothers, allowing employees with minor children to take leave for parent-teacher meeting and travel
      leave around holidays for employees whose hometowns are far away.
                                                             ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2021 Annual Report   103




                                                     ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


Employee Diversity

As at March 31, 2021, Alibaba Health had 1,026 employees, of which 39.3% were female.

                                            Employee Structure (Persons)


                                                                          FY2019              FY2020              FY2021



Number of employees by level         High-ranked employees                      32                  21                  24

                                     Middle-ranked employees                    56                  55                  95

                                     Entry-level employees                     720                 647                907

Number of employees by age           29 years of age or under                  270                 153                289

                                     30 to 50 years of age                     535                 570                736

                                     51 years of age or above                     3                   0                  1

Number of employees by gender        Male                                      462                 428                623

                                     Female                                    346                 295                403


Occupational Health and Safety

Alibaba Health cares about the occupational health and safety of its employees. We strictly abide by the
Occupational Disease Prevention and Control Law of the PRC (《中華人民共和國職業病防治法》) and the Safety
Production Law of the PRC (《中華人民共和國安全生產法》) and other laws and regulations. As part of their health
benefits, employees are entitled to annual checkup, so that employees can know about their health conditions in
time. The Company provides medical insurance, work-related injury insurance and additional supplementary medical
insurance. During the Reporting Period, we did not experience any work-related injury or fatal accidents, and there
were no lost working hours due to work-related injuries.
104   ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2021 Annual Report




      ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


      During the outbreak of the COVID-19 pandemic, Alibaba Health actively complied with the pandemic prevention and
      safety requirements of the country and the Alibaba Group, taking a number of prevention and control measures
      within the Company to combat the pandemic. We cooperated with the local supervising authorities to conduct
      pandemic prevention inspections, and provided real-time feedback on the notifications and requirements of the
      pandemic prevention department; formulated visiting management requirements, imposed restrictions on the visiting of
      employees from medium to high-risk areas and visits to the facilities were suspended; implemented A/B work shifts
      to limit the number of employees working in the facilities; disinfected the facilities regularly and sterilized door
      handles, conference rooms, remote controls and other equipment and devices in the office every two hours on
      average; opened windows in the office at least four times a day for ventilation; recorded and measured the
      temperature of employees daily; ensured the stocking and provision of food and common medicines, distributed
      masks and other materials for free, and collected the used items at designated points for further disposal. At the
      same time, we tried our best to help employees in Hubei to ensure that they have access to medical care and
      protection in the worst-hit area of the pandemic. Alibaba Group set up a Wuhan front-line emergency team to
      address the needs of Hubei employees for masks, pandemic awareness and protection, remote medical consultation
      and green-channel medical consultation, etc. Alibaba Health actively participated in relevant activities and sought
      resources to help infected employees and their families get medical assistance, and the warehouse and logistics
      team provided separate delivery and ordering services of medical supplies for employees in the pandemic affected
      area.

      Alibaba Health proactively implemented prevention measures during the normalized pandemic prevention and control
      period, to contain the resurgence of the pandemic. We established pandemic prevention procedures, records and
      plans for resumption of work and production; the number of attendees in meeting rooms was limited to 50% of its
      capacity and the duration of each meeting was limited to no more than two hours; employees were asked to fill out
      their health status form every day, took temperature measurements in the morning and afternoon respectively and
      disclosed any abnormality; we set up isolation areas in the facilities, and employee whose body temperature was
      found to be abnormal would be quarantined immediately; all people accessing the facilities of the Company at any
      time must go through body temperature measurement and visitors must be registered. During the Reporting Period,
      the Company did not record any confirmed cases of COVID-19.

      Employee Training and Development

      Alibaba Health promotes a “Customer First” culture and uses OKR (Objectives and Key Results) management tools
      across the Company, aiming to improve our mission-driven products and services for the healthcare industry and its
      stakeholders, enhance key managers and all employees’ understanding and recognition of our corporate mission and
      clarify the retention, training and development of talents.

      The development of our employees’ comprehensive quality is important to Alibaba Health, and we provide abundant
      training opportunities and resources to improve their abilities and facilitate their career success. The Company has
      established a diversified training system for employees at all levels, so as to offer them comprehensive trainings on
      teamwork, flexibility, insight, systematic thinking and creativity as well as to improve their knowledge, skills, and
      working methods continuously. We also capitalize on Alibaba Group’s training system and support employees to
      participate in its online and offline trainings or invite experts to the trainings of the Company. We evaluate the
      performance of employees semiannually and offer two opportunities for promotion every year in order to provide
      them with exceptional career development opportunities.
                                                               ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2021 Annual Report   105




                                                      ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


Alibaba Health also offers live streaming trainings called “Health Academy” online, which include seminars
participated by high-calibre personnel in Alibaba Group discussing about topics such as company business, R&D,
operations and policies as well as guests from various other industries sharing industrial updates and experience. The
“Health Academy” training is available to all employees, including full-time, part-time and outsourced employees.

Training System

The Company provides all new hires with a “Alibaba Health Welcomes New Arrivals” training to comprehensively
introduce the Company’s business, and provides them with the induction training manuals. We also assign senior
staff as mentors of the new hires to help them onboard as quickly as possible. During the Reporting Period, the
Company upgraded the “Alibaba Health Welcomes New Arrivals” training to focus on challenges of new hires in their
jobs, highlight interactive learning and launch a series of trainings including the “Learning Roadmaps”, activities for
newcomers and offline trainings, etc. For mid-level employees, we have created customized product-oriented or
technology-oriented training sessions, on top of the leadership and management ability training for all such staff; our
employees can also sign up for Alibaba Group’s basic management trainings such as the “Xia Ke Xing” (俠客行),
etc. Through the manager training programs, monthly and quarterly management meetings and other activities, the
Company’s senior management discuss the innovative management skills as well as the future development and
goals of the Company, and share their management experiences. These activities enhance the cohesion and
strategic leadership of the team and lay a solid foundation for the long-term and stable development of the
Company.
106   ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2021 Annual Report




      ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


      During the Reporting Period, we recorded more than 4,000 person-times of Alibaba Health’s employee participation
      in trainings, with an average of 81 hours of training per person.

                                                    Training Data by Employee’s Level


                                                     FY2019                           FY2020                      FY2021

                                          Percentage           Average        Percentage       Average    Percentage       Average
                                            of trained          training       of trained      training    of trained      training
      Categories                           employees              hours       employees          hours    employees          hours



      Senior management                          100%                    72        100%             84         100%             88

      Middle management                          100%               144            100%            144         100%            144

      Entry-level employees                      100%                    70        100%             64         100%             65


      Employee Care

      Alibaba Health encourages our employees to maintain a healthy work-life balance. A variety of cultural and sports
      activities are organized during holidays to promote communication and interaction among employees, and improve
      their wellbeing and happiness. On May 10 of every year — Ali Day, employees of Alibaba Health can participate in
      diverse employee activities held by Alibaba Group. We hold celebration ceremonies for employees completing three
      years of service and five years of service, and rewards are given to employees. In addition, we also organize group
      celebrations and give out gifts on holidays such as Women’s Day, Dragon Boat Festival and Mid-Autumn Festival.

      Alibaba Health is also part of the quarterly employee survey conducted by the Alibaba Group. According to the
      results of survey, we do have high employee satisfaction. We will continue to strengthen employee engagement,
      deliver key messages to them and enhance their recognition.
                                                                               ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2021 Annual Report          107




                                                                    ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


COMPLIANCE RESPONSIBILITIES

While maintaining steady development of our business, Alibaba Health has also been integrating social responsibility
into its operations. We always value moral and honest behaviors, and strictly forbid any form of corruption, bribery
and fraud. We continuously improve our supply chain management in order to create a sustainable supply chain and
strive for synergies and sustainable development with suppliers.

Integrity Management

Operating in compliance with laws and regulations, Alibaba Health upholds the core values of Alibaba Group, follows
the Alibaba Group Code of Business Conduct (《阿里巴巴集團商業行為準則》) and strictly abides by the business
ethics of honesty, trustworthiness, incorruptibility and self-discipline. During the Reporting Period, Alibaba Health
continuously upgraded the training and test of the Alibaba Group Code of Business Conduct (《阿里巴巴集團商業行
為準則》) , enhanced the function integrating learning and test, and motivated all employees to participate by offering
certification with online games. As a result, all employees of the Company have taken the test. At the same time, we
updated the video series about integrity, analyzed the harms caused by duty crimes with actual cases and
encouraged employees to watch them together, so as to enhance the employees’ awareness of integrity and
compliant business from all aspects.

Alibaba Health actively organizes anti-corruption trainings to increase employees’ awareness of laws and integrity.
During the Reporting Period, a total of about 600 people1 from the Company participated in the integrity trainings; a
total of seven online and offline integrity trainings were provided for all employees and each lasted for about 2.5
hours; five employee induction trainings were carried out, covering all new employees joining the Company before
March 2021; we provided one special integrity training on e-commerce business for all employees of the business
and carried out training on fraud prevention and identification methods for all of management personnel in Alibaba
Health.

Alibaba Health has created public anti-corruption whistleblowing channels for all parties on both websites of Alibaba
Health and Alibaba Group. During the Reporting Period, Alibaba Health upgraded its online whistleblowing system
and assigned integrity investigators to conduct investigations and divide the information immediately after the
reporting, so as to protect information security of the informant rigorously.


    Alibaba Health’s Integrity Reporting Channels

    Online reporting channel           https://jubao.alibaba.com

    Reporting email                    alihealth-integrity@alibaba-inc.com; lianzheng@alibaba-inc.com

    Reporting hotline                  400–854–5198




1
        For more accurate information on the coverage of trainings, the unit is changed from person-times in the integrity training data for FY2020 to
        number of people.
108   ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2021 Annual Report




      ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


      Supply Chain Management

      Procurement for our core business mainly includes pharmaceutical products, healthcare supplements and medical
      devices for our direct pharmacy business, and office consumables, advertisements, legal services, marketing services
      and renovation services for our non-core business. Alibaba Health attaches great importance to supplier
      management, follows Alibaba Group’s procurement rules, and strictly maintains fairness and impartiality in
      procurement while improving efficiency, so as to comprehensively promote transparent procurement and create a
      responsible supply chain.

      We have established a rigorous procurement management system to standardize our management, prevent and
      control risks and regulate the procurement practice. Pursuant to the Alibaba Health Supplier Management System
      (《阿里健康供貨商管理制度》) , we have standardized the procedures of supplier database entry and supplier
      information input, and established the supplier rating system and supplier evaluation and elimination mechanism.
      Based on Good Supply Practice for Pharmaceutical Products (GSP), we put in place clear quality requirements for
      the receipt, inspection, storage, maintenance, delivery, transportation and return of the medical products respectively
      in terms of our direct business. Pursuant to the Process of Non-core Purchasing of Alibaba Health (《阿里健康非主
      營採購流程》) , we have clarified the coverage of non-core business, procurement requirements, approval process and
      payment process, managed suppliers of our non-core business, and minimized potential risks of impartiality during
      the pricing comparison/tendering and bidding based on the principles of consistency, prudence and fairness, so as
      to ensure that the procurement is legal and in compliance. In addition, Alibaba Health conducts on-site visits to
      suppliers in China before confirming their participation in and formal presentation of the bidding and reviews all
      suppliers’ qualifications in advance to ensure that suppliers meet the requirements of Alibaba Group and the
      Company.

                                                  Number of Alibaba Health’s Suppliers


                                                                         FY2019              FY2020                FY2021



      Domestic suppliers of core business                                   462                  700                   936

      Overseas suppliers of core business                                    51                  107                   186

      Suppliers of non-core business                                        130                  196                   200




      ^
            For identification purpose only
                                                                  ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2021 Annual Report   109




                                                      INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT



                                                    Ernst & Young
                                                    22/F, CITIC Tower         ᆿ≮ᴹ䀾ᑡӁएᡶ                   Tel 䴱䂧: +852 2846 9888
                                                    1 Tim Mei Avenue          俏⑥ѣ⫦␱㗄䚉 1 㲕                Fax ۩ⵕ: +852 2868 4432
                                                    Central, Hong Kong        ѣ‫ؗ‬ཝᓾ 22 ⁉                  ey.com


To the shareholders of Alibaba Health Information Technology Limited
(Incorporated in Bermuda with limited liability)

OPINION

We have audited the consolidated financial statements of Alibaba Health Information Technology Limited (the
“Company”) and its subsidiaries (the “Group”) set out on pages 115 to 229, which comprise the consolidated
statement of financial position as at March 31, 2021, and the consolidated statement of profit or loss, the
consolidated statement of comprehensive income, the consolidated statement of changes in equity and the
consolidated statement of cash flows for the year then ended, and notes to the consolidated financial statements,
including a summary of significant accounting policies.

In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements give a true and fair view of the consolidated financial position of
the Group as at March 31, 2021, and of its consolidated financial performance and its consolidated cash flows for
the year then ended in accordance with Hong Kong Financial Reporting Standards (“HKFRSs”) issued by the Hong
Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants (“HKICPA”) and have been properly prepared in compliance with the
disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance.

BASIS FOR OPINION

We conducted our audit in accordance with Hong Kong Standards on Auditing (“HKSAs”) issued by the HKICPA.
Our responsibilities under those standards are further described in the Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the
consolidated financial statements section of our report. We are independent of the Group in accordance with the
HKICPA’s Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants (the “Code”), and we have fulfilled our other ethical
responsibilities in accordance with the Code. We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and
appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.

KEY AUDIT MATTERS

Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgement, were of most significance in our audit of the
consolidated financial statements of the current period. These matters were addressed in the context of our audit of
the consolidated financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a
separate opinion on these matters. For each matter below, our description of how our audit addressed the matter is
provided in that context.
110   ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2021 Annual Report




      INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT


      KEY AUDIT MATTERS (CONTINUED)

      We have fulfilled the responsibilities described in the Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the consolidated
      financial statements section of our report, including in relation to these matters. Accordingly, our audit included the
      performance of procedures designed to respond to our assessment of the risks of material misstatement of the
      consolidated financial statements. The results of our audit procedures, including the procedures performed to
      address the matters below, provide the basis for our audit opinion on the accompanying consolidated financial
      statements.

        Key audit matter                                                 How our audit addressed the key audit matter


        Impairment of investments in associates

        As at March 31, 2021, the Group held investments in              We performed the following procedures to address the
        associates of approximately RMB2,173.9 million, which            key audit matter:
        was significant to the consolidated financial statements.
        The management identified indicators of impairment for           —    Evaluating the Group’s policies and procedures of
        investments in associates and accordingly, with the                   identifying indicators for potential impairment of
        assistance of an independent valuer, performed                        the investments in associates;
        impairment tests for these investments by comparing
        the carrying amounts as at March 31, 2021 with the               —    Evaluating the capabilities and objectivity of the
        corresponding recoverable amounts. The recoverable                    independent valuer;
        amounts were determined by value in use for these
        investments which required management to apply                   —    Assessing the reasonableness of expected
        significant assumptions and estimates, such as                        revenue and margin by making enquiries with
        expected revenue and margin, discount rates and                       management and with reference to historical
        perpetual growth rates.                                               information and industry development
                                                                              expectations;
        Relevant disclosures are included in note 2.4
        “Summary of significant accounting policies”, note 3             —    With the assistance of our internal valuation
        “Significant accounting judgements and estimates” and                 specialists, examining the valuation
        note 17 “Investments in associates” to the                            methodologies and evaluating the assumptions
        consolidated financial statements.                                    and estimates used, including the discount rates
                                                                              and the perpetual growth rates;

                                                                         —    Checking the mathematical accuracy             of
                                                                              management’s valuation schedules; and

                                                                         —    Evaluating the adequacy of the relevant
                                                                              disclosures in the consolidated financial
                                                                              statements.
                                                           ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2021 Annual Report   111




                                                                           INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT


KEY AUDIT MATTERS (CONTINUED)

 Key audit matter                                         How our audit addressed the key audit matter


 Impairment of inventories

 As at March 31, 2021, the carrying amount of the         We performed the following procedures to address the
 Group’s inventories before provision was approximately   key audit matter:
 RMB1,501.1 million. The inventories were stated at the
 lower of cost and net realizable value. The              —    Observing the inventory counts performed by
 determination of net realizable value involved                management and assessing the physical
 management’s judgement and estimation. Specific               condition of the inventories, on a sample basis;
 factors management considered included the ageing
 and expiry dates of the inventories, condition of the    —    Evaluating the provision of obsolete and slow-
 goods, historical and recent sale patterns, available         moving inventory items made by management by
 selling prices and estimated costs to be incurred to          checking to ageing and expiry dates of the
 sale. The Group recorded an impairment of inventories         inventories, on a sample basis;
 of approximately RMB32.5 million for the year ended
 March 31, 2021.                                          —    Assessing the appropriateness of management’s
                                                               assessment on available selling price and
 Relevant disclosures are included in note 2.4                 estimated costs to be incurred to sale based on
 “Summary Of Significant Accounting Policies”, note 3          historical and recent sales patterns, on a sample
 “Significant Accounting Judgement And Estimates” and          basis;
 note 18 “Inventories” to the consolidated financial
 statements.                                              —    Comparing the actual selling prices less cost to
                                                               sales of the inventories subsequent to year end,
                                                               on a sample basis, to their carrying amounts to
                                                               check whether the inventories are stated at the
                                                               lower of cost and net realizable value; and

                                                          —    Evaluating the adequacy of the relevant
                                                               disclosures in the consolidated financial
                                                               statements.
112   ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2021 Annual Report




      INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT


      OTHER INFORMATION INCLUDED IN THE ANNUAL REPORT

      The directors of the Company are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises the
      information included in the Annual Report, other than the consolidated financial statements and our auditor’s report
      thereon.

      Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not express
      any form of assurance conclusion thereon.

      In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other
      information and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the consolidated
      financial statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be materially misstated. If, based
      on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other information, we are
      required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.

      RESPONSIBILITIES OF THE DIRECTORS FOR THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

      The directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements that give a
      true and fair view in accordance with HKFRSs issued by the HKICPA and the disclosure requirements of the Hong
      Kong Companies Ordinance, and for such internal control as the directors determine is necessary to enable the
      preparation of consolidated financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or
      error.

      In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the directors of the Company are responsible for assessing the
      Group’s ability to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using
      the going concern basis of accounting unless the directors of the Company either intend to liquidate the Group or to
      cease operations or have no realistic alternative but to do so.

      The directors of the Company are assisted by the Audit Committee in discharging their responsibilities for overseeing
      the Group’s financial reporting process.
                                                                  ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2021 Annual Report   113




                                                                                  INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT


AUDITOR’S RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements as a whole
are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that includes our
opinion. Our report is made solely to you, as a body, in accordance with section 90 of the Bermuda Companies Act
1981, and for no other purpose. We do not assume responsibility towards or accept liability to any other person for
the contents of this report.

Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance
with HKSAs will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error
and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the
economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these consolidated financial statements.

As part of an audit in accordance with HKSAs, we exercise professional judgement and maintain professional
scepticism throughout the audit. We also:

•     Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to
      fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that
      is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material
      misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion,
      forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.

•     Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are
      appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the
      Group’s internal control.

•     Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and
      related disclosures made by the directors.

•     Conclude on the appropriateness of the directors’ use of the going concern basis of accounting and, based on
      the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that may cast
      significant doubt on the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a material
      uncertainty exists, we are required to draw attention in our auditor’s report to the related disclosures in the
      consolidated financial statements or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions
      are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our auditor’s report. However, future events or
      conditions may cause the Group to cease to continue as a going concern.

•     Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the consolidated financial statements, including the
      disclosures, and whether the consolidated financial statements represent the underlying transactions and events
      in a manner that achieves fair presentation.

•     Obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of the entities or business activities
      within the Group to express an opinion on the consolidated financial statements. We are responsible for the
      direction, supervision and performance of the group audit. We remain solely responsible for our audit opinion.
114   ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2021 Annual Report




      INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT


      AUDITOR’S RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)

      We communicate with the Audit Committee regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of the
      audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify during our
      audit.

      We also provide the Audit Committee with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical requirements
      regarding independence and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may reasonably be
      thought to bear on our independence, and where applicable, actions taken to eliminate threats or safeguards
      applied.

      From the matters communicated with the Audit Committee, we determine those matters that were of most
      significance in the audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period and are therefore the key audit
      matters. We describe these matters in our auditor’s report unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure about
      the matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be communicated in our
      report because the adverse consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest
      benefits of such communication.

      The engagement partner on the audit resulting in this independent auditor’s report is Wong Man Kit.




      Ernst & Young
      Certified Public Accountants
      Hong Kong

      May 25, 2021
                                            ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2021 Annual Report   115




                          CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR LOSS
                                                                              Year ended March 31, 2021

                                                                         2021                         2020
                                            Notes                   RMB’000                      RMB’000


REVENUE                                       5                   15,518,468                    9,596,476


Cost of revenue                                                  (11,901,219)                  (7,365,096)


Gross profit                                                        3,617,249                   2,231,380


Other income and gains                        5                       405,828                     161,269


Operating expenses
   Fulfilment                                                      (1,619,459)                 (1,098,254)
   Sales and marketing expenses                                    (1,222,008)                   (722,720)
   Administrative expenses                                           (293,595)                   (219,973)
   Product development expenses                                      (423,632)                   (252,843)


Other expenses                                                        (22,302)                     (33,768)
Finance costs                                                           (2,449)                    (21,965)
Share of losses of:
   Joint ventures                             16                      (11,556)                     (12,737)
   Associates                                 17                      (26,857)                     (21,295)


PROFIT BEFORE TAX                             6                       401,219                        9,094


Income tax expense                            9                       (58,539)                     (24,790)


PROFIT/(LOSS) FOR THE YEAR                                            342,680                      (15,696)


Attributable to:
   Owners of the parent                                               348,588                       (6,586)
   Non-controlling interests                                            (5,908)                     (9,110)


                                                                      342,680                      (15,696)


EARNINGS/(LOSS) PER SHARE ATTRIBUTABLE TO
   ORDINARY EQUITY HOLDERS OF THE PARENT      10
   Basic                                                    RMB2.63 cents               RMB(0.06) cents


   Diluted                                                  RMB2.62 cents               RMB(0.06) cents
116   ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2021 Annual Report




      CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
      Year ended March 31, 2021

                                                                                       2021        2020
                                                                            Notes   RMB’000     RMB’000


      PROFIT/(LOSS) FOR THE YEAR                                                     342,680     (15,696)


      OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
      Other comprehensive loss that may be reclassified to profit or loss
         in subsequent periods:
         Translation from functional currency to presentation currency               (80,431)    (58,527)


      Other comprehensive (loss)/income that will not be reclassified
         to profit or loss in subsequent periods:
         Translation from functional currency to presentation currency              (522,728)    133,351
         Equity investment designated at fair value through other
            comprehensive income (“FVOCI”):
            Changes in fair value                                                      2,695      46,161
            Income tax effect                                                27         (269)     (4,616)


         Total equity investment designated at FVOCI                                   2,426      41,545


      Net other comprehensive income that will not be reclassified to
         profit or loss in subsequent periods                                       (520,302)    174,896


      OTHER COMPREHENSIVE (LOSS)/INCOME FOR THE YEAR,
         NET OF TAX                                                                 (600,733)    116,369


      TOTAL COMPREHENSIVE (LOSS)/INCOME FOR THE YEAR                                (258,053)    100,673


      Attributable to:
         Owners of the parent                                                       (252,145)    109,783
         Non-controlling interests                                                    (5,908)     (9,110)


                                                                                    (258,053)    100,673
                                                                 ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2021 Annual Report   117




                    CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION
                                                                                                                March 31, 2021

                                                                                             March 31,               March 31,
                                                                                                    2021                   2020
                                                                            Notes             RMB’000                 RMB’000


NON-CURRENT ASSETS
Property and equipment                                                        12                  13,428                 12,999
Investment property                                                          13(a)                    —                  10,599
Right-of-use assets                                                          13(a)                38,861                 59,333
Other intangible assets                                                       15                   2,935                  4,467
Goodwill                                                                      14                  54,576                 54,576
Investments in joint ventures                                                 16                  98,548               111,247
Investments in associates                                                     17              2,173,938              1,945,789
Other receivables and other assets                                            20                   9,524                 21,732
Equity investment designated at FVOCI                                         23                163,212                173,456
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss (“FVPL”)                22                984,456                462,778


Total non-current assets                                                                      3,539,478              2,856,976


CURRENT ASSETS
Inventories                                                                   18              1,468,609              1,217,258
Trade and bills receivables                                                   19                313,615                324,541
Prepayments, other receivables and other assets                               20                769,716                413,492
Financial assets at FVPL                                                      22                     —                 402,485
Restricted cash                                                               21                  11,017                 60,239
Cash and cash equivalents                                                     21             11,636,769              2,594,981


Total current assets                                                                         14,199,726              5,012,996


CURRENT LIABILITIES
Lease liabilities                                                            13(b)                20,334                 32,030
Trade and bills payables                                                      24              2,551,550              1,865,526
Other payables and accruals                                                   25                588,169                513,250
Contract liabilities                                                          26                190,541                171,280
Tax payable                                                                                       50,278                 27,817


Total current liabilities                                                                     3,400,872              2,609,903


NET CURRENT ASSETS                                                                           10,798,854              2,403,093


TOTAL ASSETS LESS CURRENT LIABILITIES                                                        14,338,332              5,260,069
118   ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2021 Annual Report




      CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION

      March 31, 2021

                                                                                     March 31,      March 31,
                                                                                             2021       2020
                                                                         Notes        RMB’000       RMB’000


      NON-CURRENT LIABILITIES
      Lease liabilities                                                  13(b)           17,406       37,725
      Deferred tax liabilities                                            27             39,322       19,829


      Total non-current liabilities                                                      56,728       57,554


      Net assets                                                                    14,281,604      5,202,515


      EQUITY
      Equity attributable to owners of the parent
      Share capital                                                       28            118,859      106,108
      Treasury shares                                                     28            (22,265)      (13,039)
      Reserves                                                            30        14,205,356      5,176,076


                                                                                    14,301,950      5,269,145


      Non-controlling interests                                                         (20,346)      (66,630)


      Total equity                                                                  14,281,604      5,202,515




                                 Zhu Shunyan                                     Tu Yanwu
                                   Director                                       Director
                                                                                                                                ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2021 Annual Report                                          119




                                           CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY
                                                                                                                                                                                        Year ended March 31, 2021

                                                                                                                 Attributable to owners of the parent

                                                                                                                                                          Equity
                                                                                                                                                    investment
                                                                                                                                   Employee      designated at
                                                                             Share                                 Exchange      share-based              FVOCI                                                   Non-
                                                                Share     premium     Treasury        Merger      fluctuation compensation          revaluation        Other Accumulated                     controlling
                                                               capital    account^      shares      reserve^        reserve^         reserve^            reserve^   reserves^     losses^          Total      interests    Total equity
                                                     Notes   RMB’000      RMB’000     RMB’000      RMB’000         RMB’000          RMB’000             RMB’000     RMB’000      RMB’000        RMB’000       RMB’000        RMB’000


At April 1, 2020                                              106,108    22,344,732    (13,039)   (16,397,767)       150,697         210,730              41,545     123,205     (1,297,066)    5,269,145       (66,630)     5,202,515
Profit for the year                                                —             —          —              —              —               —                   —           —        348,588       348,588         (5,908)       342,680
Other comprehensive income/(loss) for the year:
Change in fair value of financial assets at FVOCI,
  net of tax                                                        —            —          —              —              —                —               2,426           —             —          2,426            —           2,426
Translation from functional currency to
  presentation currency                                             —            —          —              —        (603,159)              —                   —           —             —       (603,159)           —        (603,159)


Total comprehensive loss for the year                               —            —          —              —        (603,159)              —               2,426           —       348,588       (252,145)       (5,908)      (258,053)


Issue of new shares for restricted share units
  (“RSUs”)                                            28          321            —        (321)            —              —                —                   —           —             —             —             —              —
Issue of new shares                                   28        7,820    11,785,404         —     (11,791,812)            —                —                   —           —             —          1,412            —           1,412
Placing of new shares                                 28        4,463     8,912,709                                                                                                             8,917,172                    8,917,172
Repurchase of shares                                  28           —             —     (39,580)            —              —                —                   —           —             —        (39,580)           —         (39,580)
Vested awarded shares transferred to
  employees                                           28            —      123,627      30,675             —              —          (149,834)                 —      25,326             —        29,794             —          29,794
Exercise of share options                             28          147      114,809          —              —              —           (38,414)                 —          —              —        76,542             —          76,542
Share-based compensation costs                                     —            —           —              —              —          341,467                   —           —             —       341,467             —         341,467
Deemed interest in an interest-free loan to
  a non-wholly-owned subsidiary                                     —            —          —              —              —                —                   —         (601)           —           (601)          601             —
Disposal or change of equity interests in
  subsidiaries                                                      —            —          —              —              —                —                   —      (41,303)           —        (41,303)       51,591         10,288
Appropriation of statutory reserves                                 —            —          —              —              —                —                   —      37,174        (37,174)           —             —              —
Share of capital reserve of an associate                            —            —          —              —              —                —                   —          47             —             47            —              47


At March 31, 2021                                             118,859    43,281,281    (22,265)   (28,189,579)      (452,462)        363,949              43,971     143,848      (985,652)    14,301,950       (20,346)    14,281,604
120   ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2021 Annual Report




      CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY

      Year ended March 31, 2020

                                                                                                                       Attributable to owners of the parent

                                                                                                                                                                  Equity
                                                                                                                                                              investment
                                                                                                                                          Employee        designated at
                                                                                   Share                                Exchange        share-based               FOVCI
                                                                      Share      premium    Treasury        Merger      fluctuation   compensation            revaluation      Other    Accumulated                 Non-controlling
                                                                     capital     account^     shares       reserve^       reserve^          reserve^            reserve^    reserves^        losses^       Total          interests   Total equity
                                                           Notes   RMB’000      RMB’000     RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000           RMB’000             RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000      RMB’000           RMB’000        RMB’000


      At April 1, 2019                                              102,898    19,966,843    (25,052)   (16,397,767)       75,873           231,955                   —      120,364     (1,280,595)   2,794,519           (57,693)    2,736,826
      Loss for the year                                                  —             —          —              —             —                 —                    —           —          (6,586)      (6,586)           (9,110)       (15,696)
      Other comprehensive income for the year:
      Change in fair value of financial assets at FVOCI,
          net of tax                                                     —             —          —              —              —                 —              41,545           —              —       41,545                 —         41,545
      Translation from functional currency to
          presentation currency                                          —             —          —              —         74,824                 —                   —           —              —       74,824                 —         74,824


      Total comprehensive income for the year                            —             —          —              —         74,824                 —              41,545           —          (6,586)    109,783             (9,110)      100,673


      Issue of new shares for restricted share units
          (“RSUs”)                                          28         315             —        (315)            —              —                 —                   —           —              —            —                 —              —
      Issue of new shares                                   28        2,667     1,997,913         —              —              —                 —                   —           —              —     2,000,580                —      2,000,580
      Repurchase of shares                                  28           —             —     (17,814)            —              —                 —                   —           —              —       (17,814)               —         (17,814)
      Share-based compensation costs                        29           —             —          —              —              —           277,139                   —           —              —      277,139                 —        277,139
      Vested awarded shares transferred to employees        28           —       215,335      30,142             —              —          (245,477)                  —           —              —           —                  —             —
      Exercise of share options                             28         228       164,641          —              —              —           (52,887)                  —           —              —      111,982                 —        111,982
      Deemed interest in an interest-free loan to
          a non-wholly-owned subsidiary                                  —             —          —              —              —                 —                   —         (173)            —          (173)              173             —
      Appropriation of statutory reserves                                —             —          —              —              —                 —                   —        9,885         (9,885)          —                 —              —
      Share of capital reserve of an associate                           —             —          —              —              —                 —                   —       (6,871)            —        (6,871)               —          (6,871)


      At March 31, 2020                                             106,108    22,344,732    (13,039)   (16,397,767)      150,697           210,730              41,545      123,205     (1,297,066)   5,269,145           (66,630)    5,202,515


      ^
                       These reserve accounts comprise the consolidated reserves of RMB14,205,356,000 (March 31, 2020: RMB5,176,076,000) in the consolidated
                       statement of financial position.
                                                              ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2021 Annual Report    121




                              CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS
                                                                                                Year ended March 31, 2021

                                                                                              2021                    2020
                                                                         Notes             RMB’000                 RMB’000


CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES
Profit before tax                                                                            401,219                   9,094
Adjustments for:
   Share of losses of joint ventures                                                           11,556                 12,737
   Share of losses of associates                                                               26,857                 21,295
   Bank interest income                                                     5                (164,704)               (54,904)
   Other interest income                                                    5                    (711)                 (1,307)
   Loss/(gain) on disposal of items of property and equipment                                      75                      (31)
   Gain on deemed partial disposal of associates                            5                 (11,588)               (41,762)
   Gain on disposal of an associate                                         5                      —                 (21,791)
   Gain on disposal of a subsidiary                                         5                 (70,608)                      —
   Finance costs                                                                                2,449                 21,965
   Dividend income from financial assets at FVPL                            5                  (1,363)                 (1,874)
   Fair value (gains)/losses on financial assets at FVPL                   5/6                (55,290)                22,003
   Covid-19-related rent concessions from lessors                         13(b)                  (189)                      —
   Depreciation of property and equipment                                   6                   6,102                   5,830
   Depreciation of right-of-use assets                                      6                  24,960                 27,295
   Depreciation of investment property                                      6                   6,551                   7,087
   Amortization of intangible assets                                        6                   2,013                   1,477
   Reversal of impairment of trade receivables                              6                    (320)                   (888)
   Impairment of other receivables                                          6                   4,904                       —
   Impairment and write-off of inventories                                  6                  32,475                 18,583
   Impairment of a joint venture                                            6                   1,143                       —
   Share-based compensation expenses                                      6/29                396,959               277,139


                                                                                              612,490               301,948
Decrease in trade and bills receivables                                                         7,439                 41,796
Increase in prepayments, other receivables and other assets                                  (341,917)             (151,901)
Increase in inventories                                                                      (283,826)             (638,960)
Increase in trade and bills payables                                                          715,780               960,575
Increase in other payables and accruals                                                       170,630                 57,877
increase in contract liabilities                                                               19,261                 19,289
Decrease/(increase) in restricted cash                                                         49,222                (58,520)
Exchange differences                                                                          (41,941)                10,536


Cash generated from operations                                                               907,138                542,640
Interest received                                                                            132,635                 52,643
Interest element of lease payments                                                            (2,449)                 (3,133)
PRC taxes paid                                                                               (23,771)                 (7,227)
Hong Kong taxes paid                                                                          (4,126)                 (1,308)


Net cash flows generated from operating activities                                         1,009,427                583,615
122   ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2021 Annual Report




      CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS

      Year ended March 31, 2021

                                                                                    2021           2020
                                                                         Notes   RMB’000        RMB’000


      Net cash flows generated from operating activities                         1,009,427       583,615


      CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES
      Purchase of items of property and equipment                         12        (17,077)       (7,567)
      Purchase of items of other intangible asset                         15           (481)       (5,944)
      (Increase)/Decrease of financial assets at FVPL                               (64,546)   1,357,034
      Proceeds from disposal of items of property and equipment and
          intangible assets                                                            822             113
      Business acquisitions                                               31            —          (21,212)
      Acquisition of/Capital injection in associates                              (275,574)             —
      Advances of a loan to a joint venture                                         (2,500)             —
      Proceeds from disposal of a subsidiary                              33       (10,606)             —
      Proceeds from disposal of an associate                                            —           53,042
      Proceeds from disposal of a joint venture                                         —           62,369
      Repayment of a loan to a third party company                                  25,000          15,000
      Interest received                                                              1,182           2,266
      Dividend received from financial assets at FVPL                                1,363           1,874
      Dividend received from investment in an associate                                 —            1,410
      Capital injection in a joint venture                                              —        (113,000)
      Increase in non-pledged time deposits with original maturity of
          more than three months when acquired                                   (4,384,494)            —
      Exchange differences                                                         (234,573)            —


      Net cash flows (used in)/generated from investing activities               (4,961,484)   1,345,385


      CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES
      Issue of new shares                                                 28     8,917,172      2,000,580
      Repurchase of shares                                                28       (39,580)        (17,814)
      Proceeds from exercise of options                                             76,542        111,982
      Repayment of bank loans and other borrowings                                      —      (1,700,000)
      Interest paid                                                                     —          (36,161)
      Acquisition of minority interests                                               (110)             —
      Principal portion of lease payments                                          (31,616)        (29,773)


      Net cash flows generated from financing activities                         8,922,408       328,814
                                                            ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2021 Annual Report   123




                                                                CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS

                                                                                              Year ended March 31, 2021

                                                                                            2021                    2020
                                                                       Notes             RMB’000                 RMB’000


NET INCREASE IN CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS                                                4,970,351              2,257,814
Effect of foreign exchange rate changes                                                   (313,057)                56,796
Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year                                           2,594,981                280,371


CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AT THE END OF YEAR                                             7,252,275              2,594,981


ANALYSIS OF BALANCES OF CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS
Cash and bank balances                                                   21              6,419,689              2,033,262
Non-pledged time deposits                                                21              5,217,080                561,719


Cash and cash equivalents as stated in the consolidated statement
  of financial position                                                                 11,636,769              2,594,981


Time deposits with original maturity of over three month when
   acquired                                                              21             (4,384,494)                      —


Cash and cash equivalents as stated in the consolidated statement
  of cash flows                                                                          7,252,275              2,594,981
124   ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2021 Annual Report




      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      March 31, 2021

      1.    CORPORATE AND GROUP INFORMATION

            Alibaba Health Information Technology Limited (the “Company”) is incorporated in Bermuda as an exempted
            company with limited liability. The address of its registered office is Victoria Place, 5th Floor, 31 Victoria Street,
            Hamilton HM 10, Bermuda. The principal place of business of the Company is located at 17th to 19th Floors,
            Building B, Greenland Center, Beijing, the People’s Republic of China (“PRC”).

            The Company is an investment holding company. The Company and its subsidiaries (hereinafter collectively
            referred to as the “Group”) are primarily engaged in the pharmaceutical direct sales business, pharmaceutical
            e-commerce platform business, medical and healthcare services business and digital infrastructure business.

            In the opinion of the directors, the Company’s immediate holding company is Perfect Advance Holding Limited
            (“Perfect Advance”), which is incorporated in the British Virgin Islands, and the ultimate holding company of the
            Company is Alibaba Group Holding Limited (“Alibaba Holding”, together with its subsidiaries, “Alibaba Group”).

            Information about subsidiaries

            Particulars of the Company’s principal subsidiaries are as follows:

                                                                                     Issued ordinary/    Percentage of equity attributable
                                                         Place of incorporation/     registered share            to the Company
            Name                                         registration and operations           capital          Direct           Indirect Principal activities


            Alibaba Health (Hong Kong) Technology        Hong Kong                       HK$1,000,000               —                100 Investment holding and
                Company Limited                                                                                                             pharmaceutical e-commerce
                “Alibaba Health (Hong Kong)”


            阿里健康信息技術（北京）有限公司                             PRC/Mainland China           RMB300,000,000                —                100 Provision of e-commerce
             Alibaba Health Information Technology                                                                                          platform service
             (Beijing) Co., Ltd.ab


            北京雲康佳檢信息技術有限公司                               PRC/Mainland China            RMB60,000,000                —                 80 Provision of digital infrastructure
             Zhong Xin Guo Jian Information                                                                                                 services
             Technology Co., Ltd.ac


            阿里健康科技（中國）有限公司                               PRC/Mainland China           RMB295,000,000                —                100 Telemedicine service, comprehensive
             Alibaba Health Technology (China) Limited                                                                                      member service to users, digital
             (“Alibaba Health (China)”a)b                                                                                                   infrastructure service and
                                                                                                                                            pharmaceutical e-commerce


            阿里健康大藥房醫藥連鎖有限公司                              PRC/Mainland China           RMB120,000,000                —                100 Pharmacy business
             Alibaba Health Pharmaceutical Chain
             Co., Ltd.ac
                                                                                    ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2021 Annual Report                  125




                                                                                                       NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

                                                                                                                                               March 31, 2021

1.   CORPORATE AND GROUP INFORMATION (CONTINUED)

     Information about subsidiaries (continued)

                                                                             Issued ordinary/    Percentage of equity attributable
                                                 Place of incorporation/     registered share            to the Company
     Name                                        registration and operations           capital          Direct           Indirect Principal activities


     杭州禮和醫藥有限公司                                  PRC/Mainland China            RMB20,000,000                —                100 Pharmaceutical product trading and
      Hangzhou Lihe Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.                                                                                       healthcare service business
      (“Lihe”a)c

     阿里健康科技（杭州）有限公司                              PRC/Mainland China           RMB200,000,000                —                100 Provision of e-commerce platform
      Alibaba Health Technology (Hangzhou)                                                                                          services
      Limitedab

     弘雲久康數據技術（北京）有限公司                            PRC/Mainland China             RMB1,000,000                —                100 Investment holding
      Hongyun Jiukang Data
      Technology (Beijing) Co., Ltd.
      (“Hongyun Jiukang”a)cd

     鹿康大藥房（杭州）有限公司                               PRC/Mainland China             RMB1,000,000                —                100 Provision of e-commerce platform
      Lukang Pharmacy (Hangzhou) Co., LTDab                                                                                         services
      (Formerly known as Hangzhou Hengping
      Health Technology Co., Ltd.a)

     阿里健康網絡醫院有限公司                                PRC/Mainland China            RMB50,000,000                —                100 Network hospital services
      Alibaba Health Network Hospital
      Co., Ltd.ac

     杭州得賦健康管理有限公司                                PRC/Mainland China             RMB1,200,000                —                100 Provision of e-commerce platform
      Hangzhou Defu Health                                                                                                          services
      Management Co., Ltd.ac

     Ali JK ZNS (HK) Limitedab                   Hong Kong                       USD$200,200                —                100 Provision of e-commerce platform
                                                                                                                                    services



     a        For identification purposes only


     b        Registered as wholly-foreign-owned enterprises under PRC law


     c        Registered as limited liability companies under PRC law


     d        The Company does not have legal ownership in the equity of Hongyun Jiukang. However, under certain contractual agreements (including
              a power of attorney agreement, loan agreement, equity option agreement, equity interest pledge agreement and an exclusive technical
              consulting and service agreement) entered into with the registered owners of the entity, the Company, through its indirectly wholly-
              owned subsidiary, controls the entity by way of controlling the voting rights, governing the financial and operating policies, appointing or
              removing the majority of the members of its controlling authorities, and casting the majority of votes at meetings of such authorities. In
              addition, such contractual agreements also transfer the risks and rewards of the entity to the Company and/or its indirectly owned
              subsidiary. As a result, the entity is treated as a subsidiary of the Company and its financial statements have been consolidated by the
              Company.
126   ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2021 Annual Report




      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

      March 31, 2021

      1.    CORPORATE AND GROUP INFORMATION (CONTINUED)

            Information about subsidiaries (continued)

            The above table lists the subsidiaries of the Company which, in the opinion of the directors, principally affected
            the results for the year or formed a substantial portion of the net assets of the Group. To give details of other
            subsidiaries would, in the opinion of the directors, result in particulars of excessive length.

      2.1   BASIS OF PREPARATION

            These consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with Hong Kong Financial
            Reporting Standards (“HKFRSs”) (which include all Hong Kong Financial Reporting Standards, Hong Kong
            Accounting Standards (“HKASs”) and Interpretations) issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public
            Accountants (“HKICPA”), accounting principles generally accepted in Hong Kong and the disclosure
            requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance. They have been prepared under the historical cost
            convention, except for financial instruments at fair value through profit or loss, and bills receivable and an
            equity investment designated at fair value through other comprehensive income, which have been measured at
            fair value. These financial statements are presented in RMB and all values are rounded to the nearest thousand
            except when otherwise indicated.

            Merger accounting for business combination under common control

            As disclosed in note 31(B) to the consolidated financial statements, a business combination under common
            control was effected during the current year, where the business acquired in the business combination and the
            Company are both ultimately controlled by Alibaba Holding. The business combination was accounted for using
            the principles of merger accounting.

            The net assets of the combining entities are consolidated using the existing book values from the controlling
            party’s perspective. No adjustments are made to reflect fair values, or recognize any new assets or liabilities as
            a result of the business combination under common control and no amount is recognized in respect of
            goodwill. The Company has elected not to restate the financial statements for periods prior to the completion
            of combination under common control. Accordingly, the consolidated statement of profit or loss and the
            consolidated statement of other comprehensive income, the consolidated statement of changes in equity and
            the consolidated statement of cash flows of the Group include the results and cash flows of the acquired
            business from the date when the Group obtains control of the acquired business.

            Basis of consolidation

            The consolidated financial statements include the financial statements of the Company and its subsidiaries for
            the year ended March 31, 2021. A subsidiary is an entity (including a structured entity), directly or indirectly,
            controlled by the Company. Control is achieved when the Group is exposed, or has rights, to variable returns
            from its involvement with the investee and has the ability to affect those returns through its power over the
            investee (i.e., existing rights that give the Group the current ability to direct the relevant activities of the
            investee).
                                                                  ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2021 Annual Report   127




                                                                                 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

                                                                                                                 March 31, 2021

2.1   BASIS OF PREPARATION (CONTINUED)

      Basis of consolidation (continued)

      The Company has set up two trusts (the “Trusts”) for the purpose of purchasing, administering and holding the
      Company’s shares for the share award scheme adopted on November 24, 2014 (the “Share Award Scheme”,
      note 29). The Group has the power to govern the financial and operating policies of the Trusts and derive
      benefits from the services of the employees who have been awarded the awarded shares through their
      continued employment with the Group. The assets and liabilities of the Trusts are included in the consolidated
      statement of financial position and the shares held by the Trusts are presented as a deduction in equity as
      shares held for the share award scheme.

      When the Company has, directly or indirectly, less than a majority of the voting or similar rights of an investee,
      the Group considers all relevant facts and circumstances in assessing whether it has power over an investee,
      including:

      (a)   the contractual arrangement with the other vote holders of the investee;

      (b)   rights arising from other contractual arrangements; and

      (c)   the Group’s voting rights and potential voting rights.

      The financial statements of the subsidiaries are prepared for the same reporting period as the Company, using
      consistent accounting policies. The results of subsidiaries are consolidated from the date on which the Group
      obtains control, and continue to be consolidated until the date that such control ceases.

      Profit or loss and each component of other comprehensive income are attributed to the owners of the parent
      and to the non-controlling interests, even if this results in the non-controlling interests having a deficit balance.
      All intra-group assets and liabilities, equity, income, expenses and cash flows relating to transactions between
      members of the Group are eliminated in full on consolidation.

      The Group reassesses whether or not it controls an investee if facts and circumstances indicate that there are
      changes to one or more of the three elements of control described above. A change in the ownership interest
      of a subsidiary, without a loss of control, is accounted for as an equity transaction.

      If the Group loses control over a subsidiary, it derecognizes (i) the assets (including goodwill) and liabilities of
      the subsidiary, (ii) the carrying amount of any non-controlling interest and (iii) the cumulative translation
      differences recorded in equity; and recognizes (i) the fair value of the consideration received, (ii) the fair value of
      any investment retained and (iii) any resulting surplus or deficit in profit or loss. The Group’s share of
      components previously recognized in other comprehensive income is reclassified to profit or loss or retained
      profits/accumulated losses, as appropriate, on the same basis as would be required if the Group had directly
      disposed of the related assets or liabilities.

      Certain comparative amounts in the prior year’s consolidated financial statements have also been reclassified to
      conform with the current year’s presentation.
128   ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2021 Annual Report




      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

      March 31, 2021

      2.2   CHANGES IN ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND DISCLOSURES

            The Group has adopted the Conceptual Framework for Financial Reporting 2018 and the following revised
            HKFRSs for the first time for the current year’s financial statements.

            Amendments to HKFRS 3                           Definition of a Business
            Amendments to HKFRS 9, HKAS 39                  Interest Rate Benchmark Reform
                  and HKFRS 7
            Amendment to HKFRS 16                           Covid-19-Related Rent Concessions (early adopted)
            Amendments to HKAS 1 and HKAS 8                 Definition of Material

            The nature and the impact of the Conceptual Framework for Financial Reporting 2018 and the revised HKFRSs
            are described below:

            (a)     Conceptual Framework for Financial Reporting 2018 (the “Conceptual Framework”) sets out a
                    comprehensive set of concepts for financial reporting and standard setting, and provides guidance for
                    preparers of financial statements in developing consistent accounting policies and assistance to all parties
                    to understand and interpret the standards. The Conceptual Framework includes new chapters on
                    measurement and reporting financial performance, new guidance on the derecognition of assets and
                    liabilities, and updated definitions and recognition criteria for assets and liabilities. It also clarifies the roles
                    of stewardship, prudence and measurement uncertainty in financial reporting. The Conceptual Framework
                    is not a standard, and none of the concepts contained therein override the concepts or requirements in
                    any standard. The Conceptual Framework did not have any significant impact on the financial position
                    and performance of the Group.

            (b)     Amendments to HKFRS 3 clarify and provide additional guidance on the definition of a business. The
                    amendments clarify that for an integrated set of activities and assets to be considered a business, it must
                    include, at a minimum, an input and a substantive process that together significantly contribute to the
                    ability to create output. A business can exist without including all of the inputs and processes needed to
                    create outputs. The amendments remove the assessment of whether market participants are capable of
                    acquiring the business and continue to produce outputs. Instead, the focus is on whether acquired inputs
                    and acquired substantive processes together significantly contribute to the ability to create outputs. The
                    amendments have also narrowed the definition of outputs to focus on goods or services provided to
                    customers, investment income or other income from ordinary activities. Furthermore, the amendments
                    provide guidance to assess whether an acquired process is substantive and introduce an optional fair
                    value concentration test to permit a simplified assessment of whether an acquired set of activities and
                    assets is not a business. The Group has applied the amendments prospectively to transactions or other
                    events that occurred on or after April 1, 2020. The amendments did not have any impact on the financial
                    position and performance of the Group.
                                                                ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2021 Annual Report   129




                                                                               NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

                                                                                                               March 31, 2021

2.2   CHANGES IN ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND DISCLOSURES (CONTINUED)

      (c)   Amendments to HKFRS 9, HKAS 39 and HKFRS 7 address issues affecting financial reporting in the period
            before the replacement of an existing interest rate benchmark with an alternative risk-free rate (“RFR”).
            The amendments provide temporary reliefs which enable hedge accounting to continue during the period
            of uncertainty before the introduction of the alternative RFR. In addition, the amendments require
            companies to provide additional information to investors about their hedging relationships which are
            directly affected by these uncertainties. The amendments did not have any impact on the financial
            position and performance of the Group as the Group does not have any interest rate hedging
            relationships.

      (d)   Amendment to HKFRS 16 provides a practical expedient for lessees to elect not to apply lease modification
            accounting for rent concessions arising as a direct consequence of the covid-19 pandemic. The practical
            expedient applies only to rent concessions occurring as a direct consequence of the pandemic and only
            if (i) the change in lease payments results in revised consideration for the lease that is substantially the
            same as, or less than, the consideration for the lease immediately preceding the change; (ii) any
            reduction in lease payments affects only payments originally due on or before June 30, 2021; and (iii)
            there is no substantive change to other terms and conditions of the lease. The amendment is effective for
            annual periods beginning on or after June 1, 2020 with earlier application permitted and shall be applied
            retrospectively.

            During the year ended March 31, 2021, certain monthly lease payments for the leases of the Group’s
            office and retail outlets have been reduced or waived by the lessors as a result of the pandemic and
            there are no other changes to the terms of the leases. The Group has early adopted the amendment on
            April 1, 2020 and elected not to apply lease modification accounting for all rent concessions granted by
            the lessors as a result of the pandemic during the year ended March 31, 2021. Accordingly, a reduction
            in the lease payments arising from the rent concessions of RMB189,000 has been accounted for as a
            variable lease payment by derecognising part of the lease liabilities and crediting to profit or loss for the
            year ended March 31, 2021.

      (e)   Amendments to HKAS 1 and HKAS 8 provide a new definition of material. The new definition states that
            information is material if omitting, misstating or obscuring it could reasonably be expected to influence
            decisions that the primary users of general purpose financial statements make on the basis of those
            financial statements. The amendments clarify that materiality will depend on the nature or magnitude of
            information, or both. The amendments did not have any significant impact on the financial position and
            performance of the Group.
130   ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2021 Annual Report




      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

      March 31, 2021

      2.3   ISSUED BUT NOT YET EFFECTIVE HONG KONG FINANCIAL REPORTING STANDARDS

            The Group has not applied the following new and revised HKFRSs, that have been issued but are not yet
            effective, in these financial statements.

            Amendments to HKFRS 3                               Reference to the Conceptual Framework 2
            Amendments to HKFRS 9, HKAS 39,                     Interest Rate Benchmark Reform — Phase 2 1
                HKFRS 7, HKFRS 4 and HKFRS 16
            Amendments to HKFRS 10 and                          Sale or Contribution of Assets between an Investor and its
                HKAS 28 (2011)                                     Associate or Joint Venture 4
            HKFRS 17                                            Insurance Contracts 3
            Amendments to HKFRS 17                              Insurance Contracts 3, 6
            Amendments to HKAS 1                                Classification of Liabilities as Current or Non-current 3, 5
            Amendments to HKAS 16                               Property, Plant and Equipment: Proceeds before Intended Use 2
            Amendments to HKAS 37                               Onerous Contracts — Cost of Fulfilling a Contract 2
            Annual Improvements to                              Amendments to HKFRS 1, HKFRS 9, Illustrative Examples
              HKFRSs 2018 –2020                                     accompanying HKFRS 16, and HKAS 412

            1
                   Effective for annual periods beginning on or after January 1, 2021
            2
                   Effective for annual periods beginning on or after January 1, 2022
            3
                   Effective for annual periods beginning on or after January 1, 2023
            4
                   No mandatory effective date yet determined but available for adoption
            5
                   As a consequence of the amendments to HKAS 1, Hong Kong Interpretation 5 Presentation of Financial Statements — Classification by
                   the Borrower of a Term Loan that Contains a Repayment on Demand Clause was revised in October 2020 to align the corresponding
                   wording with no change in conclusion
            6
                   As a consequence of the amendments to HKFRS 17 issued in October 2020, HKFRS 4 was amended to extend the temporary exemption
                   that permits insurers to apply HKAS 39 rather than HKFRS 9 for annual periods beginning before January 1, 2023


            Further information about those HKFRSs that are expected to be applicable to the Group is described below.

            Amendments to HKFRS 3 are intended to replace a reference to the previous Framework for the Preparation
            and Presentation of Financial Statements with a reference to the Conceptual Framework for Financial Reporting
            issued in June 2018 without significantly changing its requirements. The amendments also add to HKFRS 3 an
            exception to its recognition principle for an entity to refer to the Conceptual Framework to determine what
            constitutes an asset or a liability. The exception specifies that, for liabilities and contingent liabilities that would
            be within the scope of HKAS 37 or HK(IFRIC)-Int 21 if they were incurred separately rather than assumed in a
            business combination, an entity applying HKFRS 3 should refer to HKAS 37 or HK(IFRIC)-Int 21 respectively
            instead of the Conceptual Framework. Furthermore, the amendments clarify that contingent assets do not
            qualify for recognition at the acquisition date. The Group expects to adopt the amendments prospectively from
            April 1, 2022. Since the amendments apply prospectively to business combinations for which the acquisition
            date is on or after the date of first application, the Group will not be affected by these amendments on the
            date of transition.
                                                                  ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2021 Annual Report   131




                                                                                 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

                                                                                                                 March 31, 2021

2.3   ISSUED BUT NOT YET EFFECTIVE HONG KONG FINANCIAL REPORTING STANDARDS (CONTINUED)

      Amendments to HKFRS 9, HKAS 39, HKFRS 7, HKFRS 4 and HKFRS 16 address issues not dealt with in the
      previous amendments which affect financial reporting when an existing interest rate benchmark is replaced with
      an alternative RFR. The Phase 2 amendments provide a practical expedient to allow the effective interest rate
      to be updated without adjusting the carrying amount when accounting for changes in the basis for determining
      the contractual cash flows of financial assets and liabilities, if the change is a direct consequence of the
      interest rate benchmark reform and the new basis for determining the contractual cash flows is economically
      equivalent to the previous basis immediately preceding the change. In addition, the amendments permit
      changes required by the interest rate benchmark reform to be made to hedge designations and hedge
      documentation without the hedging relationship being discontinued. Any gains or losses that could arise on
      transition are dealt with through the normal requirements of HKFRS 9 to measure and recognize hedge
      ineffectiveness. The amendments also provide a temporary relief to entities from having to meet the separately
      identifiable requirement when an RFR is designated as a risk component. The relief allows an entity, upon
      designation of the hedge, to assume that the separately identifiable requirement is met, provided the entity
      reasonably expects the RFR risk component to become separately identifiable within the next 24 months.
      Furthermore, the amendments require an entity to disclose additional information to enable users of financial
      statements to understand the effect of interest rate benchmark reform on an entity’s financial instruments and
      risk management strategy. The amendments are effective for annual periods beginning on or after January 1,
      2021 and shall be applied retrospectively, but entities are not required to restate the comparative information.

      The amendments are not expected to have any significant impact on the Group’s financial statements.

      Amendments to HKFRS 10 and HKAS 28 (2011) address an inconsistency between the requirements in
      HKFRS 10 and in HKAS 28 (2011) in dealing with the sale or contribution of assets between an investor and
      its associate or joint venture. The amendments require a full recognition of a gain or loss when the sale or
      contribution of assets between an investor and its associate or joint venture constitutes a business. For a
      transaction involving assets that do not constitute a business, a gain or loss resulting from the transaction is
      recognized in the investor’s profit or loss only to the extent of the unrelated investor’s interest in that associate
      or joint venture. The amendments are to be applied prospectively. The previous mandatory effective date of
      amendments to HKFRS 10 and HKAS 28 (2011) was removed by the HKICPA in January 2016 and a new
      mandatory effective date will be determined after the completion of a broader review of accounting for
      associates and joint ventures. However, the amendments are available for adoption now.

      Amendments to HKAS 1 clarify the requirements for classifying liabilities as current or non-current. The
      amendments specify that if an entity’s right to defer settlement of a liability is subject to the entity complying
      with specified conditions, the entity has a right to defer settlement of the liability at the end of the reporting
      period if it complies with those conditions at that date. Classification of a liability is unaffected by the likelihood
      that the entity will exercise its right to defer settlement of the liability. The amendments also clarify the
      situations that are considered a settlement of a liability. The amendments are effective for annual periods
      beginning on or after January 1, 2023 and shall be applied retrospectively. Earlier application is permitted. The
      amendments are not expected to have any significant impact on the Group’s financial statements.
132   ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2021 Annual Report




      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

      March 31, 2021

      2.3   ISSUED BUT NOT YET EFFECTIVE HONG KONG FINANCIAL REPORTING STANDARDS (CONTINUED)

            Amendments to HKAS 16 prohibit an entity from deducting from the cost of an item of property, plant and
            equipment any proceeds from selling items produced while bringing that asset to the location and condition
            necessary for it to be capable of operating in the manner intended by management. Instead, an entity
            recognizes the proceeds from selling any such items, and the cost of those items, in profit or loss. The
            amendments are effective for annual periods beginning on or after January 1, 2022 and shall be applied
            retrospectively only to items of property, plant and equipment made available for use on or after the beginning
            of the earliest period presented in the financial statements in which the entity first applies the amendments.
            Earlier application is permitted. The amendments are not expected to have any significant impact on the
            Group’s financial statements.

            Amendments to HKAS 37 clarify that for the purpose of assessing whether a contract is onerous under HKAS
            37, the cost of fulfilling the contract comprises the costs that relate directly to the contract. Costs that relate
            directly to a contract include both the incremental costs of fulfilling that contract (e.g., direct labor and
            materials) and an allocation of other costs that relate directly to fulfilling that contract (e.g., an allocation of the
            depreciation charge for an item of property, plant and equipment used in fulfilling the contract as well as
            contract management and supervision costs). General and administrative costs do not relate directly to a
            contract and are excluded unless they are explicitly chargeable to the counterparty under the contract. The
            amendments are effective for annual periods beginning on or after January 1, 2022 and shall be applied to
            contracts for which an entity has not yet fulfilled all its obligations at the beginning of the annual reporting
            period in which it first applies the amendments. Earlier application is permitted. Any cumulative effect of initially
            applying the amendments shall be recognized as an adjustment to the opening equity at the date of initial
            application without restating the comparative information. The amendments are not expected to have any
            significant impact on the Group’s financial statements.

            Annual Improvements to HKFRSs 2018 –2020 sets out amendments to HKFRS 1, HKFRS 9, Illustrative
            Examples accompanying HKFRS 16, and HKAS 41. Details of the amendments that are expected to be
            applicable to the Group are as follows:

            •      HKFRS 9 Financial Instruments : clarifies the fees that an entity includes when assessing whether the terms
                   of a new or modified financial liability are substantially different from the terms of the original financial
                   liability. These fees include only those paid or received between the borrower and the lender, including
                   fees paid or received by either the borrower or lender on the other’s behalf. An entity applies the
                   amendment to financial liabilities that are modified or exchanged on or after the beginning of the annual
                   reporting period in which the entity first applies the amendment. The amendment is effective for annual
                   periods beginning on or after January 1, 2022. Earlier application is permitted. The amendment is not
                   expected to have a significant impact on the Group’s financial statements.

            •      HKFRS 16 Leases : removes the illustration of payments from the lessor relating to leasehold improvements
                   in Illustrative Example 13 accompanying HKFRS 16. This removes potential confusion regarding the
                   treatment of lease incentives when applying HKFRS 16.
                                                                 ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2021 Annual Report   133




                                                                                NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

                                                                                                                March 31, 2021

2.4   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES

      Investments in associates and joint ventures

      An associate is an entity in which the Group has a long term interest of the equity voting rights and over
      which it is in a position to exercise significant influence. Significant influence is the power to participate in the
      financial and operating policy decisions of the investee, but is not control or joint control over those policies.

      A joint venture is a type of joint arrangement whereby the parties that have joint control of the arrangement
      have rights to the net assets of the joint venture. Joint control is the contractually agreed sharing of control of
      an arrangement, which exists only when decisions about the relevant activities require the unanimous consent
      of the parties sharing control.

      The Group’s investments in associates and joint ventures are stated in the consolidated statement of financial
      position at the Group’s share of net assets under the equity method of accounting, less any impairment
      losses.

      The Group’s share of the post-acquisition results and other comprehensive income of associates and joint
      ventures is included in the consolidated statement of profit or loss and consolidated other comprehensive
      income, respectively. In addition, when there has been a change recognized directly in the equity of the
      associate or joint venture, the Group recognizes its share of any changes, when applicable, in the consolidated
      statement of changes in equity. Unrealised gains and losses resulting from transactions between the Group and
      its associates or joint ventures are eliminated to the extent of the Group’s investments in the associates or joint
      ventures, except where unrealised losses provide evidence of an impairment of the assets transferred. Goodwill
      arising from the acquisition of associates or joint ventures is included as part of the Group’s investments in
      associates or joint ventures.

      If an investment in an associate becomes an investment in a joint venture or vice versa, the retained interest is
      not remeasured. Instead, the investment continues to be accounted for under the equity method. In all other
      cases, upon loss of significant influence over the associate or joint control over the joint venture, the Group
      measures and recognizes any retained investment at its fair value. Any difference between the carrying amount
      of the associate or joint venture upon loss of significant influence or joint control and the fair value of the
      retained investment and proceeds from disposal is recognized in profit or loss.

      When an investment in an associate or a joint venture is classified as held for sale, it is accounted for in
      accordance with HKFRS 5 Non-current Assets Held for Sale and Discontinued Operations .
134   ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2021 Annual Report




      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

      March 31, 2021

      2.4   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

            Business combinations and goodwill

            Except for business combination under common control, the Company accounted for its business combinations
            using the acquisition method. The consideration transferred is measured at the acquisition date fair value which
            is the sum of the acquisition date fair values of assets transferred by the Group, liabilities assumed by the
            Group to the former owners of the acquiree and the equity interests issued by the Group in exchange for
            control of the acquiree. For each business combination, the Group elects whether to measure the non-
            controlling interests in the acquiree that are present ownership interests and entitle their holders to a
            proportionate share of net assets in the event of liquidation at fair value or at the proportionate share of the
            acquiree’s identifiable net assets. All other components of non-controlling interests are measured at fair value.
            Acquisition-related costs are expensed as incurred.

            The Group determines that it has acquired a business when the acquired set of activities and assets includes
            an input and a substantive process that together significantly contribute to the ability to create outputs.

            When the Group acquires a business, it assesses the financial assets and liabilities assumed for appropriate
            classification and designation in accordance with the contractual terms, economic circumstances and pertinent
            conditions as at the acquisition date. This includes the separation of embedded derivatives in host contracts of
            the acquiree.

            If the business combination is achieved in stages, the previously held equity interest is remeasured at its
            acquisition date fair value and any resulting gain or loss is recognized in profit or loss.

            Any contingent consideration to be transferred by the acquirer is recognized at fair value at the acquisition
            date. Contingent consideration classified as an asset or liability is measured at fair value with changes in fair
            value recognized in profit or loss. Contingent consideration that is classified as equity is not remeasured and
            subsequent settlement is accounted for within equity.

            Goodwill is initially measured at cost, being the excess of the aggregate of the consideration transferred, the
            amount recognized for non-controlling interests and any fair value of the Group’s previously held equity
            interests in the acquiree over the identifiable net assets acquired and liabilities assumed. If the sum of this
            consideration and other items is lower than the fair value of the net assets acquired, the difference is, after
            reassessment, recognized in profit or loss as a gain on bargain purchase.

            After initial recognition, goodwill is measured at cost less any accumulated impairment losses. Goodwill is
            tested for impairment annually or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate that the
            carrying value may be impaired. For the purpose of impairment testing, goodwill acquired in a business
            combination is, from the acquisition date, allocated to each of the Group’s cash-generating units (“CGUs”), or
            groups of CGUs, that are expected to benefit from the synergies of the combination, irrespective of whether
            other assets or liabilities of the Group are assigned to those units or groups of units.
                                                                 ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2021 Annual Report   135




                                                                                NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

                                                                                                                March 31, 2021

2.4   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

      Business combinations and goodwill (continued)

      Impairment is determined by assessing the recoverable amount of the cash-generating unit (or group of CGUs)
      to which the goodwill relates. Where the recoverable amount of the CGU (or group of CGUs) is less than the
      carrying amount, an impairment loss is recognized. An impairment loss recognized for goodwill is not reversed
      in a subsequent period.

      Where goodwill has been allocated to a CGU (or group of CGUs) and part of the operation within that unit is
      disposed of, the goodwill associated with the operation disposed of is included in the carrying amount of the
      operation when determining the gain or loss on the disposal. Goodwill disposed of in these circumstances is
      measured based on the relative value of the operation disposed of and the portion of the CGU retained.

      Fair value measurement

      The Group measures its investment properties, derivative financial instruments and equity investments at fair
      value at the end of each reporting period. Fair value is the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid
      to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. The fair
      value measurement is based on the presumption that the transaction to sell the asset or transfer the liability
      takes place either in the principal market for the asset or liability, or in the absence of a principal market, in the
      most advantageous market for the asset or liability. The principal or the most advantageous market must be
      accessible by the Group. The fair value of an asset or a liability is measured using the assumptions that market
      participants would use when pricing the asset or liability, assuming that market participants act in their
      economic best interest.

      A fair value measurement of a non-financial asset takes into account a market participant’s ability to generate
      economic benefits by using the asset in its highest and best use or by selling it to another market participant
      that would use the asset in its highest and best use.

      The Group uses valuation techniques that are appropriate in the circumstances and for which sufficient data
      are available to measure fair value, maximising the use of relevant observable inputs and minimising the use of
      unobservable inputs.

      All assets and liabilities for which fair value is measured or disclosed in the financial statements are categorised
      within the fair value hierarchy, described as follows, based on the lowest level input that is significant to the fair
      value measurement as a whole:

      Level 1   — based on quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities
      Level 2   — based on valuation techniques for which the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value
                    measurement is observable, either directly or indirectly
      Level 3   — based on valuation techniques for which the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value
                    measurement is unobservable
136   ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2021 Annual Report




      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

      March 31, 2021

      2.4   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

            Fair value measurement (continued)

            For assets and liabilities that are recognized in the financial statements on a recurring basis, the Group
            determines whether transfers have occurred between levels in the hierarchy by reassessing categorisation
            (based on the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurement as a whole) at the end of
            each reporting period.

            Impairment of non-financial assets

            Where an indication of impairment exists, or when annual impairment testing for an asset is required (other
            than inventories), the asset’s recoverable amount is estimated. An asset’s recoverable amount is the higher of
            the asset’s or cash-generating unit’s value in use and its fair value less costs of disposal, and is determined
            for an individual asset, unless the asset does not generate cash inflows that are largely independent of those
            from other assets or groups of assets, in which case the recoverable amount is determined for the cash-
            generating unit to which the asset belongs.

            An impairment loss is recognized only if the carrying amount of an asset exceeds its recoverable amount. In
            assessing value in use, the estimated future cash flows are discounted to their present value using a pre-tax
            discount rate that reflects current market assessments of the time value of money and the risks specific to the
            asset. An impairment loss is charged to the statement of profit or loss in the period in which it arises in those
            expense categories consistent with the function of the impaired asset.

            An assessment is made at the end of each reporting period as to whether there is an indication that previously
            recognized impairment losses may no longer exist or may have decreased. If such an indication exists, the
            recoverable amount is estimated. A previously recognized impairment loss of an asset other than goodwill is
            reversed only if there has been a change in the estimates used to determine the recoverable amount of that
            asset, but not to an amount higher than the carrying amount that would have been determined (net of any
            depreciation/amortization) had no impairment loss been recognized for the asset in prior years. A reversal of
            such an impairment loss is credited to the statement of profit or loss in the period in which it arises, unless
            the asset is carried at a revalued amount, in which case the reversal of the impairment loss is accounted for in
            accordance with the relevant accounting policy for that revalued asset.
                                                                     ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2021 Annual Report   137




                                                                                    NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

                                                                                                                    March 31, 2021

2.4   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

      Related parties

      A party is considered to be related to the Group if:

      (a)   the party is a person or a close member of that person’s family and that person:

            (i)      has control or joint control over the Group;

            (ii)     has significant influence over the Group; or

            (iii)    is a member of the key management personnel of the Group or of a parent of the Group;

      or

      (b)   the party is an entity where any of the following conditions applies:

            (i)      the entity and the Group are members of the same group;

            (ii)     one entity is an associate or joint venture of the other entity (or of a parent, subsidiary or fellow
                     subsidiary of the other entity);

            (iii)    the entity and the Group are joint ventures of the same third party;

            (iv)     one entity is a joint venture of a third entity and the other entity is an associate of the third entity;

            (v)      the entity is a post-employment benefit plan for the benefit of employees of either the Group or an
                     entity related to the Group; and the sponsoring employers of the post-employment benefit plan;

            (vi)     the entity is controlled or jointly controlled by a person identified in (a);

            (vii)    a person identified in (a)(i) has significant influence over the entity or is a member of the key
                     management personnel of the entity (or of a parent of the entity); and

            (viii)   the entity, or any member of a group of which it is a part, provides key management personnel
                     services to the Group or to the parent of the Group.
138   ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2021 Annual Report




      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

      March 31, 2021

      2.4   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

            Property and equipment and depreciation

            Property and equipment are stated at cost less accumulated depreciation and any impairment losses. The cost
            of an item of property and equipment comprises its purchase price and any directly attributable costs of
            bringing the asset to its working condition and location for its intended use.

            Expenditure incurred after items of property and equipment have been put into operation, such as repairs and
            maintenance, is normally charged to the statement of profit or loss in the period in which it is incurred. In
            situations where the recognition criteria are satisfied, the expenditure for a major inspection is capitalized in the
            carrying amount of the asset as a replacement. Where significant parts of property, plant and equipment are
            required to be replaced at intervals, the Group recognizes such parts as individual assets with specific useful
            lives and depreciates them accordingly.

            Depreciation is calculated on the straight-line basis to write off the cost of each item of property and
            equipment to its residual value over its estimated useful life. The principal annual rates used for this purpose
            are as follows:

            Leasehold improvements                                   Over the shorter of lease terms and 331/3%
            Computer equipment, furniture and fixtures               20% to 331/3%
            Motor vehicles                                           20% to 331/3%

            Where parts of an item of property and equipment have different useful lives, the cost of that item is allocated
            on a reasonable basis among the parts and each part is depreciated separately. Residual values, useful lives
            and the depreciation method are reviewed, and adjusted if appropriate, at least at each financial year end.

            An item of property, plant and equipment including any significant part initially recognized is derecognized upon
            disposal or when no future economic benefits are expected from its use or disposal. Any gain or loss on
            disposal or retirement recognized in the statement of profit or loss in the year the asset is derecognized is the
            difference between the net sales proceeds and the carrying amount of the relevant asset.
                                                                  ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2021 Annual Report   139




                                                                                 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

                                                                                                                 March 31, 2021

2.4   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

      Investment properties

      Investment properties are interests in buildings (including the leasehold property held as a right-of-use asset
      which would otherwise meet the definition of an investment property) held to earn rental income, rather than for
      use in the production or supply of goods or services or for administrative purposes; or for sale in the ordinary
      course of business. Such properties are measured at cost less accumulated depreciation and any impairment
      losses.

      Depreciation is calculated on the straight-line basis to write off the cost of each investment property to its
      residual value over its estimated useful life. The estimated useful lives of buildings are determined based on the
      lease terms.

      Any gains or losses on the retirement or disposal of an investment property are recognized in the statement of
      profit or loss in the year of the retirement or disposal.

      Intangible assets (other than goodwill)

      Intangible assets acquired separately are measured on initial recognition at cost. The cost of intangible assets
      acquired in a business combination is the fair value at the date of acquisition. The useful lives of intangible
      assets are assessed to be either finite or indefinite. Intangible assets with finite lives are subsequently
      amortised over the useful economic life and assessed for impairment whenever there is an indication that the
      intangible asset may be impaired. The amortization period and the amortization method for an intangible asset
      with a finite useful life are reviewed at least at each financial year end.

      Patents and licences

      Purchased patents and patent application rights are stated at cost less any impairment losses and are
      amortised on the straight-line basis over their estimated useful lives of three years.

      Leases

      The Group assesses at contract inception whether a contract is, or contains, a lease. A contract is, or
      contains, a lease if the contract conveys the right to control the use of an identified asset for a period of time
      in exchange for consideration.
140   ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2021 Annual Report




      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

      March 31, 2021

      2.4   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

            Leases (continued)

            Group as a lessee

            The Group applies a single recognition and measurement approach for all leases, except for short-term leases
            and leases of low-value assets. The Group recognizes lease liabilities to make lease payments and right-of-use
            assets representing the right to use the underlying assets.

            (a)    Right-of-use assets

                   Right-of-use assets are recognized at the commencement date of the lease (that is the date the
                   underlying asset is available for use). Right-of-use assets are measured at cost, less any accumulated
                   depreciation and any impairment losses, and adjusted for any remeasurement of lease liabilities. The cost
                   of right-of-use assets includes the amount of lease liabilities recognized, initial direct costs incurred, and
                   lease payments made at or before the commencement date less any lease incentives received. Unless
                   the Group is reasonably certain to obtain ownership of the leased asset at the end of the lease term, the
                   recognized right-of-use assets are depreciated on a straight-line basis over the shorter of the estimated
                   useful life and the lease term as follows:

                   Retail outlets                                        2 to 10 years
                   Office                                                1.5 to 5 years
                   Staff dormitory                                       1 to 3 years

                   When a right-of-use asset meets the definition of investment property, it is included in investment
                   properties. The corresponding right-of-use asset is initially and subsequently measured at cost.

            (b)    Lease liabilities

                   Lease liabilities are recognized at the commencement date of the lease at the present value of lease
                   payments to be made over the lease term. The lease payments include fixed payments (including in
                   substance fixed payments) less any lease incentives receivable, variable lease payments that depend on
                   an index or a rate, and amounts expected to be paid under residual value guarantees. The lease
                   payments also include the exercise price of a purchase option reasonably certain to be exercised by the
                   Group and payments of penalties for termination of a lease, if the lease term reflects the Group
                   exercising the option to terminate the lease. The variable lease payments that do not depend on an index
                   or a rate are recognized as an expense in the period in which the event or condition that triggers the
                   payment occurs.
                                                               ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2021 Annual Report   141




                                                                              NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

                                                                                                              March 31, 2021

2.4   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

      Leases (continued)

      Group as a lessee (continued)

      (b)   Lease liabilities (continued)

            In calculating the present value of lease payments, the Group uses its incremental borrowing rate at the
            lease commencement date because the interest rate implicit in the lease is not readily determinable. After
            the commencement date, the amount of lease liabilities is increased to reflect the accretion of interest
            and reduced for the lease payments made. In addition, the carrying amount of lease liabilities is
            remeasured if there is a modification, a change in the lease term, a change in lease payments (e.g., a
            change to future lease payments resulting from a change in an index or rate) or a change in assessment
            of an option to purchase the underlying asset.

      (c)   Short-term leases

            The Group applies the short-term lease recognition exemption to its short-term leases of properties (that
            is those leases that have a lease term of 12 months or less from the commencement date and do not
            contain a purchase option). Lease payments on short-term leases are recognized as an expense on a
            straight-line basis over the lease term.

      Group as a lessor

      When the Group acts as a lessor, it classifies at lease inception (or when there is a lease modification) each of
      its leases as either an operating lease or a finance lease.

      Leases in which the Group does not transfer substantially all the risks and rewards incidental to ownership of
      an asset are classified as operating leases. When a contract contains lease and non-lease components, the
      Group allocates the consideration in the contract to each component on a relative stand-alone selling price
      basis. Rental income is accounted for on a straight-line basis over the lease terms and is included in revenue
      in the statement of profit or loss due to its operating nature. Initial direct costs incurred in negotiating and
      arranging an operating lease are added to the carrying amount of the leased asset and recognized over the
      lease term on the same basis as rental income. Contingent rents are recognized as revenue in the period in
      which they are earned.
142   ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2021 Annual Report




      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

      March 31, 2021

      2.4   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

            Investments and other financial assets

            Initial recognition and measurement

            Financial assets are classified, at initial recognition, as subsequently measured at amortised cost, fair value
            through other comprehensive income, and fair value through profit or loss.

            The classification of financial assets at initial recognition depends on the financial asset’s contractual cash flow
            characteristics and the Group’s business model for managing them. With the exception of trade receivables
            that do not contain a significant financing component or for which the Group has applied the practical
            expedient of not adjusting the effect of a significant financing component, the Group initially measures a
            financial asset at its fair value, plus in the case of a financial asset not at fair value through profit or loss,
            transaction costs. Trade receivables that do not contain a significant financing component or for which the
            Group has applied the practical expedient are measured at the transaction price determined under HKFRS 15
            in accordance with the policies set out for “Revenue recognition” below.

            In order for a financial asset to be classified and measured at amortised cost or fair value through other
            comprehensive income, it needs to give rise to cash flows that are solely payments of principal and interest
            (“SPPI”) on the principal amount outstanding. Financial assets with cash flows that are not SPPI are classified
            and measured at fair value through profit or loss, irrespective of the business model.

            The Group’s business model for managing financial assets refers to how it manages its financial assets in order
            to generate cash flows. The business model determines whether cash flows will result from collecting
            contractual cash flows, selling the financial assets, or both. Financial assets classified and measured at
            amortised cost are held within a business model with the objective to hold financial assets in order to collect
            contractual cash flows, while financial assets classified and measured at fair value through other comprehensive
            income are held within a business model with the objective of both holding to collect contractual cash flows
            and selling. Financial assets which are not held within the aforementioned business models are classified and
            measured at fair value through profit or loss.

            All regular way purchases and sales of financial assets are recognized on the trade date, that is, the date that
            the Group commits to purchase or sell the asset. Regular way purchases or sales are purchases or sales of
            financial assets that require delivery of assets within the period generally established by regulation or
            convention in the marketplace.
                                                                 ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2021 Annual Report   143




                                                                                NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

                                                                                                                March 31, 2021

2.4   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

      Investments and other financial assets (continued)

      Subsequent measurement

      The subsequent measurement of financial assets depends on their classification as follows:

      Financial assets at amortised cost (debt instruments)

      Financial assets at amortised cost are subsequently measured using the effective interest method and are
      subject to impairment. Gains and losses are recognized in the statement of profit or loss when the asset is
      derecognized, modified or impaired.

      Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income (debt instruments)

      For debt investments at fair value through other comprehensive income, interest income, foreign exchange
      revaluation and impairment losses or reversals are recognized in the statement of profit or loss and computed
      in the same manner as for financial assets measured at amortised cost. The remaining fair value changes are
      recognized in other comprehensive income. Upon derecognition, the cumulative fair value change recognized in
      other comprehensive income is recycled to the statement of profit or loss.

      Financial assets designated at fair value through other comprehensive income (equity investments)

      Upon initial recognition, the Group can elect to classify irrevocably its equity investments as equity investments
      designated at fair value through other comprehensive income when they meet the definition of equity under
      HKAS 32 Financial Instruments: Presentation and are not held for trading. The classification is determined on
      an instrument-by-instrument basis.

      Gains and losses on these financial assets are never recycled to the statement of profit or loss. Dividends are
      recognized as other income in the statement of profit or loss when the right of payment has been established,
      it is probable that the economic benefits associated with the dividend will flow to the Group and the amount of
      the dividend can be measured reliably, except when the Group benefits from such proceeds as a recovery of
      part of the cost of the financial asset, in which case such gains are recorded in other comprehensive income.
      Equity investments designated at fair value through other comprehensive income are not subject to impairment
      assessment.

      Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss

      Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss are carried in the statement of financial position at fair value
      with net changes in fair value recognized in the statement of profit or loss.
144   ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2021 Annual Report




      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

      March 31, 2021

      2.4   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

            Investments and other financial assets (continued)

            Subsequent measurement (continued)

            Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss (continued)

            This category includes derivative instruments and equity investments which the Group had not irrevocably
            elected to classify at fair value through other comprehensive income. Dividends on equity investments classified
            as financial assets at fair value through profit or loss are also recognized as other income in the statement of
            profit or loss when the right of payment has been established, it is probable that the economic benefits
            associated with the dividend will flow to the Group and the amount of the dividend can be measured reliably.

            A derivative embedded in a hybrid contract, with a financial liability or non-financial host, is separated from the
            host and accounted for as a separate derivative if the economic characteristics and risks are not closely related
            to the host; a separate instrument with the same terms as the embedded derivative would meet the definition
            of a derivative; and the hybrid contract is not measured at fair value through profit or loss. Embedded
            derivatives are measured at fair value with changes in fair value recognized in the statement of profit or loss.
            Reassessment only occurs if there is either a change in the terms of the contract that significantly modifies the
            cash flows that would otherwise be required or a reclassification of a financial asset out of the fair value
            through profit or loss category.

            A derivative embedded within a hybrid contract containing a financial asset host is not accounted for
            separately. The financial asset host together with the embedded derivative is required to be classified in its
            entirety as a financial asset at fair value through profit or loss.

            Derecognition of financial assets

            A financial asset (or, where applicable, a part of a financial asset or part of a group of similar financial assets)
            is primarily derecognised (i.e., removed from the Group’s consolidated statement of financial position) when:

            •      the rights to receive cash flows from the asset have expired; or

            •      the Group has transferred its rights to receive cash flows from the asset or has assumed an obligation to
                   pay the received cash flows in full without material delay to a third party under a “pass-through”
                   arrangement; and either (a) the Group has transferred substantially all the risks and rewards of the asset,
                   or (b) the Group has neither transferred nor retained substantially all the risks and rewards of the asset,
                   but has transferred control of the asset.
                                                                 ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2021 Annual Report   145




                                                                                NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

                                                                                                                March 31, 2021

2.4   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

      Derecognition of financial assets (continued)

      When the Group has transferred its rights to receive cash flows from an asset or has entered into a pass-
      through arrangement, it evaluates if, and to what extent, it has retained the risk and rewards of ownership of
      the asset. When it has neither transferred nor retained substantially all the risks and rewards of the asset nor
      transferred control of the asset, the Group continues to recognise the transferred asset to the extent of the
      Group’s continuing involvement. In that case, the Group also recognizes an associated liability. The transferred
      asset and the associated liability are measured on a basis that reflects the rights and obligations that the
      Group has retained.

      Continuing involvement that takes the form of a guarantee over the transferred asset is measured at the lower
      of the original carrying amount of the asset and the maximum amount of consideration that the Group could
      be required to repay.

      Impairment of financial assets

      The Group recognizes an allowance for expected credit losses (“ECLs”) for all debt instruments not held at fair
      value through profit or loss. ECLs are based on the difference between the contractual cash flows due in
      accordance with the contract and all the cash flows that the Group expects to receive, discounted at an
      approximation of the original effective interest rate. The expected cash flows will include cash flows from the
      sale of collateral held or other credit enhancements that are integral to the contractual terms.

      General approach

      ECLs are recognized in two stages. For credit exposures for which there has not been a significant increase in
      credit risk since initial recognition, ECLs are provided for credit losses that result from default events that are
      possible within the next 12 months (a 12-month ECL). For those credit exposures for which there has been a
      significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition, a loss allowance is required for credit losses expected
      over the remaining life of the exposure, irrespective of the timing of the default (a lifetime ECL).

      At each reporting date, the Group assesses whether the credit risk on a financial instrument has increased
      significantly since initial recognition. When making the assessment, the Group compares the risk of a default
      occurring on the financial instrument as at the reporting date with the risk of a default occurring on the
      financial instrument as at the date of initial recognition and considers reasonable and supportable information
      that is available without undue cost or effort, including historical and forward-looking information.

      The Group considers a financial asset in default when contractual payments are aged more than two years.
      However, in certain cases, the Group may also consider a financial asset to be in default when internal or
      external information indicates that the Group is unlikely to receive the outstanding contractual amounts in full
      before taking into account any credit enhancements held by the Group. A financial asset is written off when
      there is no reasonable expectation of recovering the contractual cash flows.
146   ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2021 Annual Report




      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

      March 31, 2021

      2.4   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

            Impairment of financial assets (continued)

            General approach (continued)

            Debt investments at fair value through other comprehensive income and financial assets at amortised cost are
            subject to impairment under the general approach and they are classified within the following stages for
            measurement of ECLs except for trade receivables which apply the simplified approach as detailed below.

            Stage 1 — Financial instruments for which credit risk has not increased significantly since initial recognition
                            and for which the loss allowance is measured at an amount equal to 12-month ECLs


            Stage 2 — Financial instruments for which credit risk has increased significantly since initial recognition but
                            that are not credit-impaired financial assets and for which the loss allowance is measured at an
                            amount equal to lifetime ECLs


            Stage 3 — Financial assets that are credit-impaired at the reporting date (but that are not purchased or
                            originated credit-impaired) and for which the loss allowance is measured at an amount equal to
                            lifetime ECLs

            Simplified approach

            For trade receivables that do not contain a significant financing component or when the Group applies the
            practical expedient of not adjusting the effect of a significant financing component, the Group applies the
            simplified approach in calculating ECLs. Under the simplified approach, the Group does not track changes in
            credit risk, but instead recognizes a loss allowance based on lifetime ECLs at each reporting date. The Group
            has established a provision matrix that is based on its historical credit loss experience, adjusted for forward-
            looking factors specific to the debtors and the economic environment.

            For trade receivables that contain a significant financing component and lease receivables, the Group chooses
            as its accounting policy to adopt the simplified approach in calculating ECLs with policies as described above.
                                                                    ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2021 Annual Report   147




                                                                                   NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

                                                                                                                   March 31, 2021

2.4   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

      Financial liabilities

      Initial recognition and measurement

      Financial liabilities are classified, at initial recognition, as financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss,
      loans and borrowings, payables, or as derivatives designated as hedging instruments in an effective hedge, as
      appropriate.

      All financial liabilities are recognized initially at fair value and, in the case of loans and borrowings and
      payables, net of directly attributable transaction costs.

      The Group’s financial liabilities include trade and bills payables, other payables and accruals and lease
      liabilities.

      Subsequent measurement

      The subsequent measurement of financial liabilities depends on their classification as follows:

      Financial liabilities at amortised cost

      After initial recognition, interest-bearing loans and borrowings are subsequently measured at amortised cost,
      using the effective interest rate method unless the effect of discounting would be immaterial, in which case
      they are stated at cost. Gains and losses are recognized in the statement of profit or loss when the liabilities
      are derecognised as well as through the effective interest rate amortization process.

      Amortised cost is calculated by taking into account any discount or premium on acquisition and fees or costs
      that are an integral part of the effective interest rate. The effective interest rate amortization is included in
      finance costs in the statement of profit or loss.

      Derecognition of financial liabilities

      A financial liability is derecognised when the obligation under the liability is discharged or cancelled, or expires.

      When an existing financial liability is replaced by another from the same lender on substantially different terms,
      or the terms of an existing liability are substantially modified, such an exchange or modification is treated as a
      derecognition of the original liability and a recognition of a new liability, and the difference between the
      respective carrying amounts is recognized in the statement of profit or loss.
148   ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2021 Annual Report




      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

      March 31, 2021

      2.4   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

            Offsetting of financial instruments

            Financial assets and financial liabilities are offset and the net amount is reported in the statement of financial
            position if there is a currently enforceable legal right to offset the recognized amounts and there is an intention
            to settle on a net basis, or to realize the assets and settle the liabilities simultaneously.

            Treasury shares

            Own equity instruments which are reacquired and held by the Company or the Group (treasury shares) are
            recognized directly in equity at cost. No gain or loss is recognized in the statement of profit or loss on the
            purchase, sale, issue or cancellation of the Group’s own equity instruments.

            Inventories

            Inventories are stated at the lower of cost and net realizable value. Cost is determined on the weighted
            average basis. Net realizable value is based on estimated selling prices less any estimated costs to be incurred
            to sale.

            Cash and cash equivalents

            For the purpose of the consolidated statement of cash flows, cash and cash equivalents comprise cash on
            hand and demand deposits, and short term highly liquid investments that are readily convertible into known
            amounts of cash, are subject to an insignificant risk of changes in value, and have a short maturity of generally
            within three months when acquired, less bank overdrafts which are repayable on demand and form an integral
            part of the Group’s cash management.

            For the purpose of the consolidated statement of financial position, cash and cash equivalents comprise cash
            on hand and at banks, including term deposits, and assets similar in nature to cash, which are not restricted
            as to use.

            Provisions

            A provision is recognized when a present obligation (legal or constructive) has arisen as a result of a past
            event and it is probable that a future outflow of resources will be required to settle the obligation, provided that
            a reliable estimate can be made of the amount of the obligation.

            When the effect of discounting is material, the amount recognized for a provision is the present value at the
            end of the reporting period of the future expenditures expected to be required to settle the obligation. The
            increase in the discounted present value amount arising from the passage of time is included in finance costs
            in the statement of profit or loss.
                                                                 ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2021 Annual Report   149




                                                                                NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

                                                                                                                March 31, 2021

2.4   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

      Income tax

      Income tax comprises current and deferred tax. Income tax relating to items recognized outside profit or loss is
      recognized outside profit or loss, either in other comprehensive income or directly in equity.

      Current tax assets and liabilities are measured at the amount expected to be recovered from or paid to the
      taxation authorities, based on tax rates (and tax laws) that have been enacted or substantively enacted by the
      end of the reporting period, taking into consideration interpretations and practices prevailing in the countries in
      which the Group operates.

      Deferred tax is provided, using the liability method, on all temporary differences at the end of the reporting
      period between the tax bases of assets and liabilities and their carrying amounts for financial reporting
      purposes.

      Deferred tax liabilities are recognized for all taxable temporary differences, except:

      •     when the deferred tax liability arises from the initial recognition of goodwill or an asset or liability in a
            transaction that is not a business combination and, at the time of the transaction, affects neither the
            accounting profit nor taxable profit or loss; and

      •     in respect of taxable temporary differences associated with investments in subsidiaries, associates and joint
            ventures, when the timing of the reversal of the temporary differences can be controlled and it is
            probable that the temporary differences will not reverse in the foreseeable future.

      Deferred tax assets are recognized for all deductible temporary differences, and the carryforward of unused tax
      credits and any unused tax losses. Deferred tax assets are recognized to the extent that it is probable that
      taxable profit will be available against which the deductible temporary differences, and the carryforward of
      unused tax credits and unused tax losses can be utilized, except:

      •     when the deferred tax asset relating to the deductible temporary differences arises from the initial recognition
            of an asset or liability in a transaction that is not a business combination and, at the time of the
            transaction, affects neither the accounting profit nor taxable profit or loss; and

      •     in respect of deductible temporary differences associated with investments in subsidiaries, associates and
            joint ventures, deferred tax assets are only recognized to the extent that it is probable that the temporary
            differences will reverse in the foreseeable future and taxable profit will be available against which the
            temporary differences can be utilized.
150   ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2021 Annual Report




      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

      March 31, 2021

      2.4   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

            Income tax (continued)

            The carrying amount of deferred tax assets is reviewed at the end of each reporting period and reduced to the
            extent that it is no longer probable that sufficient taxable profit will be available to allow all or part of the
            deferred tax asset to be utilized. Unrecognised deferred tax assets are reassessed at the end of each reporting
            period and are recognized to the extent that it has become probable that sufficient taxable profit will be
            available to allow all or part of the deferred tax asset to be recovered.

            Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured at the tax rates that are expected to apply to the period when
            the asset is realised or the liability is settled, based on tax rates (and tax laws) that have been enacted or
            substantively enacted by the end of the reporting period.

            Deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities are offset if and only if the Group has a legally enforceable right
            to set off current tax assets and current tax liabilities and the deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities
            relate to income taxes levied by the same taxation authority on either the same taxable entity or different
            taxable entities which intend either to settle current tax liabilities and assets on a net basis, or to realize the
            assets and settle the liabilities simultaneously, in each future period in which significant amounts of deferred tax
            liabilities or assets are expected to be settled or recovered.

            Government grants

            Government grants are recognized at their fair value where there is reasonable assurance that the grant will be
            received and all attaching conditions will be complied with. When the grant relates to an expense item, it is
            recognized as income on a systematic basis over the periods that the costs, for which it is intended to
            compensate, are expensed.

            Revenue recognition

            Revenue from contracts with customers

            Revenue from contracts with customers is recognized when control of goods or services is transferred to the
            customers at an amount that reflects the consideration to which the Group expects to be entitled in exchange
            for those goods or services.

            When the consideration in a contract includes a variable amount, the amount of consideration is estimated to
            which the Group will be entitled in exchange for transferring the goods or services to the customer. The
            variable consideration is estimated at contract inception and constrained until it is highly probable that a
            significant revenue reversal in the amount of cumulative revenue recognized will not occur when the associated
            uncertainty with the variable consideration is subsequently resolved.
                                                                ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2021 Annual Report   151




                                                                               NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

                                                                                                               March 31, 2021

2.4   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

      Revenue recognition (continued)

      Revenue from contracts with customers (continued)

      The Group reports revenue on a gross or net basis depending on whether the Group is acting as a principal or
      an agent in a transaction. The Group is a principal if it controls the specified product or service before that
      product or service is transferred to a customer or it has a right to direct others to provide the product or
      service to the customer on the Group’s behalf. Indicators that the Group is a principal include, but are not
      limited to, whether the Group (i) is primarily responsible for fulfilling the promise to provide the specified good
      or service; (ii) has inventory risk before the specified good or service has been transferred to a customer or
      after transfer of control to the customer; (iii) has discretion in establishing the price for the specified good or
      service, etc.

      When the contract contains a financing component which provides the customer with a significant benefit of
      financing the transfer of goods or services to the customer for more than one year, revenue is measured at the
      present value of the amount receivable, discounted using the discount rate that would be reflected in a
      separate financing transaction between the Group and the customer at contract inception. When the contract
      contains a financing component which provides the Group with a significant financial benefit for more than one
      year, revenue recognized under the contract includes the interest expense accreted on the contract liability
      under the effective interest method. For a contract where the period between the payment by the customer
      and the transfer of the promised goods or services is one year or less, the transaction price is not adjusted for
      the effects of a significant financing component, using the practical expedient in HKFRS 15.

      (a)   Digital infrastructure business

            The Group renders series of services to the customers through its product tracking platforms, including
            product track and trace and the digital healthcare business. Revenue is recognized over the period when
            the underlying services are provided.
152   ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2021 Annual Report




      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

      March 31, 2021

      2.4   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

            Revenue recognition (continued)

            Revenue from contracts with customers (continued)

            (b)    Revenues from the pharmaceutical direct sales business:

                   Sale of pharmaceutical and healthcare products

                   The Group is engaged in the sale of pharmaceutical and healthcare products to individual customers
                   (“business-to-customer” or “B2C”) through its online stores on Tmall.com (“Tmall”) and its offline
                   pharmacy outlets, and to merchant customers (“business-to-business, or “B2B”). Revenue from the sale
                   of pharmaceutical and healthcare products is recorded net of discounts and recognized when the goods
                   are delivered to individual customers, either by third party couriers or at the offline outlets, or to
                   merchant customers by third party couriers. For contracts which provide a customer with a right to
                   return the goods within a specified period, the expected value method is used to estimate the goods that
                   will not be returned because this method best predicts the amount of variable consideration to which the
                   Group will be entitled. The requirements in HKFRS 15 on constraining estimates of variable consideration
                   are applied in order to determine the amount of variable consideration that can be included in the
                   transaction price. For goods that are expected to be returned, instead of revenue, a refund liability is
                   recognized.

                   Marketing services

                   The Group provides marketing services to pharmaceutical brands primarily through display of impressions
                   or clicks of the pharmaceutical brands’ advertisements on various online platforms and mobile apps. The
                   fee from pharmaceutical brands is charged primarily on the basis of per thousand impressions or per
                   click at fixed prices and is recognized when impressions are displayed or clicks generated.

            (c)    Revenues from the pharmaceutical E-commerce platform business:

                   Outsourced and value-added services to Tmall Entities

                   The Group provides outsourced and value-added services to Tmall Entities*, in relation to certain
                   categories of products or services sold or provided on Tmall. The outsourced and value-added services
                   include business development for merchants, customer services on behalf of merchants, marketing event
                   planning for merchants and technical support and assistance to the Tmall Entities’ business team.
                   Revenue from the outsourced and value-added services is determined as a percentage of the fees paid
                   by merchants to the Tmall Entities in respect of the transaction amount of completed sales of products
                   or services under certain categories on Tmall and recognized when services are rendered and the
                   underlying transactions of merchants are completed.




                   *      Zhejiang Tmall Network Co., Ltd. (浙江天貓網絡有限公司) and Zhejiang Tmall Technology Co., Ltd. (浙江天貓技術有限公司)
                                                               ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2021 Annual Report   153




                                                                              NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

                                                                                                              March 31, 2021

2.4   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

      Revenue recognition (continued)

      Revenue from contracts with customers (continued)

      (c)   Revenues from the pharmaceutical E-commerce platform business: (continued)

            E-commerce platform services

            The Group provides to merchants on the Tmall e-commerce platform maintenance related software
            services in respect of merchant admission, product quality control, and merchant operational and
            maintenance support, and earns commissions from merchants generally at 3% of the transaction amounts
            of merchandise being sold on Tmall by merchants. Revenue of the commissions is recognized at the time
            when the underlying sale of merchandise by merchants on Tmall is completed.

      (d)   Revenues from the medical and healthcare service business

            The Group provides a variety of standardized service packages that integrate services provided by various
            medical and healthcare organizations to meet the health-related needs of the users, such as health
            check-ups, genetic testing and vaccine inoculation. The Group principally generates revenue from selling
            the standardized service packages to individual customers or corporate customers. Different types of
            service packages provide the customers with a specific number of times of services for each service
            offered in the package. Revenue is recognized upon the individual service is rendered to customers.

            The Group, through its online stores on Tmall and mobile apps, facilitates, the provision of services by
            medical and healthcare service organizations to end customers. The Group provides to medical and
            healthcare service organizations with e-commerce platform maintenance related software services,
            customer consultation, reservation and other value-added services and charges a service fee at a
            percentage of the amount of the transaction entered into by the medical and healthcare service providers
            and their customers, or at a fixed price per reservation through the Group’s online stores. The revenue is
            recognized at the time when the underlying transaction is completed by the medical and healthcare
            service provider through Tmall.

            The Group also provides e-commerce platform maintenance related software service, marketing event
            planning service, promotion service to aesthetic medicine service providers through its self-operated online
            stores on Tmall. The Group charges the aesthetic medicine service providers a fixed fee for services to
            be provided generally over a year and recognizes revenue ratably over the service period.
154   ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2021 Annual Report




      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

      March 31, 2021

      2.4   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

            Revenue recognition (continued)

            Revenue from contracts with customers (continued)

            (d)    Revenues from the medical and healthcare service business (continued)

                   The Group also provides marketing services to medical and healthcare service organizations primarily
                   through display of impressions or clicks of the advertisement in particular areas of web pages or mobile
                   apps. The fee from medical and healthcare service organizations is charged primarily on the basis of per
                   thousand impressions or per click at fixed prices and is recognized when impression are displayed or
                   clicks generated.

                   The Group also provides multi-faceted, multi-level, professional and convenient health consultation
                   services to users through their engaged professionals, such as medical practitioners, pharmacists and
                   nutritionists. The Group charges a fixed consultation fee to the user and recognizes revenue at the time
                   when the service is rendered to the user.

            Revenue from other sources

            Rental income is recognized on a time proportion basis over the lease terms.

            Other income

            Interest income is recognized on an accrual basis using the effective interest method by applying the rate that
            exactly discounts the estimated future cash receipts over the expected life of the financial instrument or a
            shorter period, when appropriate, to the net carrying amount of the financial asset.

            Dividend income is recognized when the shareholders’ right to receive payment has been established, it is
            probable that the economic benefits associated with the dividend will flow to the Group and the amount of the
            dividend can be measured reliably.

            Contract liabilities

            A contract liability is recognized when a payment is received or a payment is due (whichever is earlier) from a
            customer before the Group transfers the related goods or services. Contract liabilities are recognized as
            revenue when the Group performs under the contract (i.e., transfers control of the related goods or services to
            the customer).
                                                               ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2021 Annual Report   155




                                                                              NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

                                                                                                              March 31, 2021

2.4   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

      Costs of services

      Costs of services comprise labor, other costs of personnel directly engaged in providing the services and
      attributable overhead costs for technical support and other direct costs of service purchased.

      Fulfilment

      Fulfilment primarily consists of those costs incurred in warehousing, logistics, operation and customer services,
      which are associated with the Group’s online direct sales business.

      Finance costs

      Finance costs are interest on bank loans and lease liabilities of the Group.

      Share-based payments

      The Company operates a share award scheme for the purpose of providing incentives and rewards to eligible
      participants who contribute to the success of the Group’s operations. Employees (including directors) of the
      Group receive remuneration in the form of share-based payments, whereby employees render services as
      consideration for equity instruments (“equity-settled transactions”). During the year ended March 31, 2021,
      certain employees of Alibaba Group transferred to the Company, RSUs granted by Alibaba Group to these
      employees were not forfeited after to the transfer. The Company has the obligation to settle all RSUs vested
      during these employees’ service period in the Company, and measures the transaction as a cash-settled
      share-based payments (“cash-settled transactions”).

      The cost of equity-settled transactions with employees for grants after 7 November 2002 is measured by
      reference to the fair value at the date at which they are granted. The fair value is determined by an external
      valuer using a binomial model, further details of which are given in note 29 to the financial statements.

      The cost of equity-settled transactions is recognized in employee benefit expense, together with a
      corresponding increase in equity, over the period in which the performance and/or service conditions are
      fulfilled. The cumulative expense recognized for equity-settled transactions at the end of each reporting period
      until the vesting date reflects the extent to which the vesting period has expired and the Group’s best estimate
      of the number of equity instruments that will ultimately vest. The charge or credit to the statement of profit or
      loss for a period represents the movement in the cumulative expense recognized as at the beginning and end
      of that period.
156   ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2021 Annual Report




      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

      March 31, 2021

      2.4   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

            Share-based payments (continued)

            Service and non-market performance conditions are not taken into account when determining the grant date
            fair value of awards, but the likelihood of the conditions being met is assessed as part of the Group’s best
            estimate of the number of equity instruments that will ultimately vest. Market performance conditions are
            reflected within the grant date fair value. Any other conditions attached to an award, but without an associated
            service requirement, are considered to be non-vesting conditions. Non-vesting conditions are reflected in the fair
            value of an award and lead to an immediate expensing of an award unless there are also service and/or
            performance conditions.

            For awards that do not ultimately vest because non-market performance and/or service conditions have not
            been met, no expense is recognized. Where awards include a market or non-vesting condition, the
            transactions are treated as vesting irrespective of whether the market or non-vesting condition is satisfied,
            provided that all other performance and/or service conditions are satisfied.

            Where the terms of an equity-settled award are modified, as a minimum an expense is recognized as if the
            terms had not been modified, if the original terms of the award are met. In addition, an expense is recognized
            for any modification that increases the total fair value of the share-based payments, or is otherwise beneficial to
            the employee as measured at the date of modification.

            Where an equity-settled award is cancelled, it is treated as if it had vested on the date of cancellation, and any
            expense not yet recognized for the award is recognized immediately. This includes any award where non-
            vesting conditions within the control of either the Group or the employee are not met. However, if a new award
            is substituted for the cancelled award, and is designated as a replacement award on the date that it is
            granted, the cancelled and new awards are treated as if they were a modification of the original award, as
            described in the previous paragraph.

            The dilutive effect of outstanding options is reflected as additional share dilution in the computation of earnings
            per share.

            For cash-settled transactions, the fair value is expensed over the period until the vesting date with recognition
            of a corresponding liability. The cost of cash-settled transactions is recognized in employee benefit expense,
            together with a corresponding increase in liability, over the period in which the performance and/or service
            conditions are fulfilled. The cumulative expense recognized for cash-settled transactions at the end of each
            reporting period until the vesting date reflects the extent to which the vesting period has expired and the
            Group’s best estimate of the number of equity instruments that will ultimately vest. The charge or credit to the
            statement of profit or loss for a period represents the movement in the cumulative expense recognized as at
            the beginning and end of that period.
                                                               ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2021 Annual Report   157




                                                                              NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

                                                                                                              March 31, 2021

2.4   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

      Other employee benefits

      Pension schemes

      The Group operates a defined contribution Mandatory Provident Fund retirement benefit scheme (the “MPF
      Scheme”) under the Mandatory Provident Fund Schemes Ordinance for all of its employees. Contributions are
      made based on a percentage of the employees’ basic salaries and are charged to the statement of profit or
      loss as they become payable in accordance with the rules of the MPF Scheme. The assets of the MPF
      Scheme are held separately from those of the Group in an independently administered fund. The Group’s
      employer contributions vest fully with the employees when contributed into the MPF Scheme.

      Full-time employees of the Group’s subsidiaries which operate in Mainland China are required to participate in
      a defined contribution scheme operated by the local municipal government. These subsidiaries are required to
      contribute a certain percentage of their payroll costs to the defined contribution scheme which includes
      pension, medical care, unemployment insurance, employee housing fund and other welfare. The contributions
      are charged to the statement of profit or loss as they become payable in accordance with the rules of the
      defined contribution scheme. The Group has no legal obligation for the benefits beyond the contributions
      made.

      Borrowing costs

      Borrowing costs directly attributable to the acquisition, construction or production of qualifying assets, i.e.,
      assets that necessarily take a substantial period of time to get ready for their intended use or sale, are
      capitalized as part of the cost of those assets. The capitalization of such borrowing costs ceases when the
      assets are substantially ready for their intended use or sale. Investment income earned on the temporary
      investment of specific borrowings pending their expenditure on qualifying assets is deducted from the
      borrowing costs capitalized. All other borrowing costs are expensed in the period in which they are incurred.
      Borrowing costs consist of interest and other costs that an entity incurs in connection with the borrowing of
      funds.

      Dividends

      Final dividends are recognized as a liability when they are approved by the shareholders in a general meeting.
      Proposed final dividends are disclosed in the notes to the financial statements.

      Interim dividends are simultaneously proposed and declared, because the Company’s memorandum and articles
      of association grant the directors the authority to declare interim dividends. Consequently, interim dividends are
      recognized immediately as a liability when they are proposed and declared.
158   ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2021 Annual Report




      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

      March 31, 2021

      2.4   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

            Foreign currencies

            The Company’s functional currency is HK$, while these financial statements are presented in RMB. Each entity
            in the Group determines its own functional currency and items included in the financial statements of each
            entity are measured using that functional currency. Foreign currency transactions recorded by the entities in the
            Group are initially recorded using their respective functional currency rates prevailing at the dates of the
            transactions. Monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies are translated at the functional
            currency rates of exchange ruling at the end of the reporting period. Differences arising on settlement or
            translation of monetary items are recognized in the statement of profit or loss.

            Non-monetary items that are measured in terms of historical cost in a foreign currency are translated using the
            exchange rates at the dates of the initial transactions. Non-monetary items measured at fair value in a foreign
            currency are translated using the exchange rates at the date when the fair value was measured. The gain or
            loss arising on translation of a non-monetary item measured at fair value is treated in line with the recognition
            of the gain or loss on change in fair value of the item (i.e., translation difference on the item whose fair value
            gain or loss is recognized in other comprehensive income or profit or loss is also recognized in other
            comprehensive income or profit or loss, respectively).

            In determining the exchange rate on initial recognition of the related asset, expense or income on the
            derecognition of a non-monetary asset or non-monetary liability relating to an advance consideration, the date
            of initial transaction is the date on which the Group initially recognizes the non-monetary asset or non-
            monetary liability arising from the advance consideration. If there are multiple payments or receipts in advance,
            the Group determines the transaction date for each payment or receipt of the advance consideration.

            The functional currencies of certain overseas subsidiaries, joint ventures and associates are currencies other
            than the RMB. As at the end of the reporting period, the assets and liabilities of these entities are translated
            into RMB at the exchange rates prevailing at the end of the reporting period and their statements of profit or
            loss are translated into RMB at the weighted average exchange rates for the year.

            The resulting exchange differences are recognized in other comprehensive income and accumulated in the
            exchange fluctuation reserve. On disposal of a foreign operation, the component of other comprehensive
            income relating to that particular foreign operation is recognized in the statement of profit or loss.

            Any goodwill arising on the acquisition of a foreign operation and any fair value adjustments to the carrying
            amounts of assets and liabilities arising on acquisition are treated as assets and liabilities of the foreign
            operation and translated at the closing rate.

            For the purpose of the consolidated statement of cash flows, the cash flows of overseas subsidiaries are
            translated into RMB at the exchange rates ruling at the dates of the cash flows. Frequently recurring cash
            flows of overseas subsidiaries which arise throughout the year are translated into RMB at the weighted average
            exchange rates for the year.
                                                               ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2021 Annual Report   159




                                                                              NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

                                                                                                              March 31, 2021

3.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENTS AND ESTIMATES

     The preparation of the Group’s financial statements requires management to make judgements, estimates and
     assumptions that affect the reported amounts of revenues, expenses, assets and liabilities, and their
     accompanying disclosures, and the disclosure of contingent liabilities. Uncertainty about these assumptions and
     estimates could result in outcomes that could require a material adjustment to the carrying amounts of the
     assets or liabilities affected in the future.

     Judgements

     In the process of applying the Group’s accounting policies, management has made the following judgements,
     apart from those involving estimations, which have the most significant effect on the amounts recognized in the
     financial statements:

     Accounting for companies governed under contractual arrangements as subsidiaries

     The Company and some of its subsidiaries do not hold any equity interests in certain of their subsidiaries.
     Nevertheless, under the contractual agreements entered into between the Group and the shareholders who are
     the registered owners of those subsidiaries, the directors of the Company determine that the Group has the
     power to govern the financial and operating policies of those subsidiaries so as to obtain benefits from their
     activities. As such, those subsidiaries are accounted for as subsidiaries of the Group for accounting purposes.

     Principal versus agent considerations

     In determining whether the Group is acting as a principal or as an agent in the sales of goods and provision of
     services, requires judgement and consideration of all relevant facts and circumstances. In evaluation of the
     Group acting as a principal or an agent, the Group considers whether it obtains control of the good or service
     before that good or service is transferred to a customer, including whether the Group is primarily responsible
     for fulfilling the promise to provide the specified good or service, has inventory risk before the specified good
     or service has been transferred to a customer or after transfer of control to the customer (for example, if the
     customer has a right of return), has discretion in establishing the price for the specified good or service.

     Significant judgement in determining the lease term of contracts with termination options

     The Group has several lease contracts that include termination options. The Group applies judgement in
     evaluating whether or not to exercise the option to terminate the lease. That is, it considers all relevant factors
     that create an economic incentive for it to exercise the termination. After the commencement date, the Group
     reassesses the lease term if there is a significant event or change in circumstances that is within its control
     and affects its ability to exercise or not to exercise the option to terminate the lease.
160   ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2021 Annual Report




      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

      March 31, 2021

      3.    SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENTS AND ESTIMATES (CONTINUED)

            Estimation uncertainty

            The key assumptions concerning the future and other key sources of estimation uncertainty at the end of the
            reporting period, that have a significant risk of causing a material adjustment to the carrying amounts of assets
            and liabilities within the next financial year, are described below.

            Impairment of goodwill

            The Group determines whether goodwill is impaired at least on an annual basis. This requires an estimation of
            the value in use of the cash-generating units to which the goodwill is allocated. Estimating the value in use
            requires the Group to make an estimate of the expected future cash flows from the cash-generating units and
            also to choose a suitable discount rate in order to calculate the present value of those cash flows. The
            carrying amount of goodwill at March 31, 2021 was RMB54,576,000 (March 31, 2020: RMB54,576,000).
            Further details are given in note 14.

            Provision for expected credit losses on trade receivables

            The Group uses a provision matrix to calculate ECLs for trade receivables. The provision rates are based on
            aging for groupings of various customers that have similar loss patterns (i.e., by customer type and rating).

            The provision matrix is initially based on the Group’s historical observed default rates. The Group will calibrate
            the matrix to adjust the historical credit loss experience with forward-looking information. For instance, if
            forecast economic conditions (i.e., gross domestic product) are expected to deteriorate over the next year
            which can lead to an increased number of defaults in the pharmaceutical and healthcare businesses, the
            historical default rates are adjusted. At each reporting date, the historical observed default rates are updated
            and changes in the forward-looking estimates are analyzed.

            The assessment of the correlation among historical observed default rates, forecast economic conditions and
            ECLs is a significant estimate. The amount of ECLs is sensitive to changes in circumstances and forecast
            economic conditions. The Group’s historical credit loss experience and forecast of economic conditions may
            also not be representative of a customer’s actual default in the future. The information about the ECLs on the
            Group’s trade receivables is disclosed in note 19 to the financial statements.

            Fair value of financial instruments at FVPL or FVOCI

            The unlisted equity investments have been valued based on a market-based valuation technique as detailed in
            note 37 to the financial statements. The valuation requires the Group to determine the comparable public
            companies (peers) and select the price multiple. In addition, the Group makes estimates about the discount for
            illiquidity and size differences. The Group classifies the fair value of these investments as Level 3. Further
            details are included in note 22 to the financial statements.
                                                                ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2021 Annual Report   161




                                                                               NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

                                                                                                               March 31, 2021

3.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENTS AND ESTIMATES (CONTINUED)

     Estimation uncertainty (continued)

     Fair value of financial instruments at FVPL or FVOCI (continued)

     The wealth management products have been valued based on the expected cash flows discounted at current
     rates applicable for items with similar terms and risk characteristics. This valuation requires the Group to make
     estimates about expected future cash flows, credit risk volatility and discount rates and hence they are subject
     to uncertainty.

     The derivative instruments held by the Group and financial liabilities of the Group have been valued based on
     valuation models with the assistance of the external valuer engaged by the Group. Management make
     estimates and assumptions about factors, such as the risk-free interest rate, dividend yield, expected volatility
     and expected probability as the parameters for applying the valuation. Further details are included in note 22 to
     the financial statements.

     Deferred tax assets

     Deferred tax assets are recognized for unused tax losses to the extent that it is probable that taxable profit will
     be available against which the losses can be utilized. Significant management judgement is required to
     determine the amount of deferred tax assets that can be recognized, based upon the likely timing and level of
     future taxable profits together with future tax planning strategies.

     Impairment of inventories

     Management reviews the ageing and expiry dates of inventories of the Group at the end of each reporting
     period, and makes provision or write-off on obsolete and slow-moving inventory items identified that are no
     longer suitable for sale. Management estimates the net realizable value for such inventories based primarily on
     the available selling prices, estimated costs to be incurred to sale and current market conditions. If the market
     condition was to deteriorate so that the actual provision might be higher than expected, the Group would be
     required to revise the basis of making the provision and its future results would be affected.

     Impairment of investments in associates

     The Group assesses whether there are any indicators of impairment for investments in associates at the end of
     each reporting period. Investments in associates are tested for impairment when there are indicators that the
     carrying amounts may not be recoverable. An impairment exists when the carrying amount of an investment in
     an associate exceeds its recoverable amount, which is the higher of its fair value less costs of disposal and its
     value in use. The calculation of the fair value less costs of disposal is based on available data from binding
     sales transactions in an arm’s length transaction of similar assets or observable market prices less incremental
     costs for disposing of the asset. When value in use calculations are undertaken, management must estimate
     the expected future cash flows from the investment in an associate and choose a suitable discount rate in
     order to calculate the present value of those cash flows.
162   ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2021 Annual Report




      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

      March 31, 2021

      3.    SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENTS AND ESTIMATES (CONTINUED)

            Estimation uncertainty (continued)

            Leases — estimating the incremental borrowing rate

            The Group cannot readily determine the interest rate implicit in a lease, and therefore, it uses an incremental
            borrowing rate (“IBR”) to measure lease liabilities. The IBR is the rate of interest that the Group would have to
            pay to borrow over a similar term, and with a similar security, the funds necessary to obtain an asset of a
            similar value to the right-of-use asset in a similar economic environment. The IBR therefore reflects what the
            Group “would have to pay”, which requires estimation when no observable rates are available (such as for
            subsidiaries that do not enter into financing transactions) or when it needs to be adjusted to reflect the terms
            and conditions of the lease (for example, when leases are not in the subsidiary’s functional currency). The
            Group estimates the IBR using observable inputs (such as market interest rates) when available and is required
            to make certain entity-specific estimates (such as the subsidiary’s stand-alone credit rating).

            Measurement of share-based compensation expenses

            The Company has adopted a share award scheme. Share-based compensation expenses are recorded net of
            estimated forfeitures in the consolidated statement of profit or loss and are recorded for those share-based
            awards that are expected to vest. Determining the fair value of share options and restricted share units
            (“RSUs”) requires significant judgement. The Company estimates the fair value of its share options and RSUs
            using the binomial model, which requires the Group to make estimates about inputs, such as expected
            volatility, the expected dividend yield, exercise multiple, risk-free interest rate and the expected forfeiture rate,
            and hence it is subject to uncertainty.

      4.    OPERATING SEGMENT INFORMATION

            The Group is primarily engaged in the pharmaceutical direct sales business, pharmaceutical e-commerce
            platform business, medical and healthcare services business and digital infrastructure business. Given that the
            chief operating decision maker of the Company considers that the Group’s business is operated and managed
            as a single segment of distribution and development of pharmaceutical and healthcare business, no further
            segment information is presented.
                                                            ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2021 Annual Report   163




                                                                           NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

                                                                                                           March 31, 2021

4.   OPERATING SEGMENT INFORMATION (CONTINUED)

     Geographical information

     (a)   Revenue from external customers

                                                                                               2021                   2020
                                                                                         RMB’000                 RMB’000


           Mainland China                                                               14,873,444              9,275,741
           Hong Kong                                                                       645,024                320,735


                                                                                        15,518,468              9,596,476


           The revenue information above is based on the locations of the customers for whom services are
           provided, or the locations of the warehouses from which inventories are shipped.

     (b)   Non-current assets

                                                                                               2021                   2020
                                                                                         RMB’000                 RMB’000


           Mainland China                                                                2,199,264              2,047,963
           Hong Kong                                                                       183,022                151,047


                                                                                         2,382,286              2,199,010


           The non-current asset information above is based on the locations of the assets and excludes equity
           investment designated at FVOCI, financial assets at FVPL and long-term receivables.

     Information about a major customer

     During the years ended March 31, 2021 and 2020, there was no revenue derived from transactions with a
     single external customer which amounted to 10% or more of the Group’s revenue.
164   ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2021 Annual Report




      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

      March 31, 2021

      5.    REVENUE, OTHER INCOME AND GAINS

            The Group is primarily engaged in the pharmaceutical direct sales business, pharmaceutical e-commerce
            platform business, medical and healthcare services platform and digital infrastructure business related services
            in the PRC.

            An analysis of revenue is as follows:

                                                                                                                           2021                      2020
                                                                                                                     RMB’000                     RMB’000


            Pharmaceutical direct sales business                                                                   13,216,284                    8,133,945
            Pharmaceutical e-commerce platform business                                                              1,965,169                   1,170,333
            Medical and healthcare services business*                                                                  284,085                    252,707
            Digital infrastructure business**                                                                            52,930                    39,491


                                                                                                                   15,518,468                    9,596,476


            Note


            *      Consumer healthcare business, internet healthcare business and other business (other than the pharmaceutical direct sales business,
                   pharmaceutical e-commerce platform business and digital infrastructure business) have been regrouped as medical and healthcare
                   services business to better reflect the Group’s business classification, and the details of revenue for the year ended March 31, 2020
                   have been represented accordingly. During the Reporting Period, certain medical and healthcare services businesses switched from
                   direct sales to a platform business, and the platform commission income was recognized on a net basis.


            **     During the Reporting Period, the group renamed the tracking and digital health business to digital infrastructure business.
                                                                ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2021 Annual Report   165




                                                                               NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

                                                                                                               March 31, 2021

5.   REVENUE, OTHER INCOME AND GAINS (CONTINUED)

     Revenue from contracts with customers

     (i)   Disaggregated revenue information

                                                                                                   2021                   2020
                                                                                             RMB’000                 RMB’000


           Type of goods or services:
              Sale of products                                                              12,535,890              7,656,912
              Provision of services                                                          2,982,578              1,939,564


           Total revenue from contracts with customers                                      15,518,468              9,596,476


           Timing of revenue recognition:
              At a point in time                                                            14,704,729              8,992,831
              Over time                                                                        813,739                603,645


           Total revenue from contracts with customers                                      15,518,468              9,596,476


           The following table shows the amounts of revenue recognized in the Reporting Period that were included
           in the contract liabilities at the beginning of the Reporting Period:

           Revenue recognized that was included in contract liabilities at the beginning of the Reporting Period:

                                                                                                   2021                   2020
                                                                                             RMB’000                 RMB’000


           Sale of products                                                                       4,400                  1,708
           Provision of services                                                               140,055                123,458


                                                                                               144,455                125,166
166   ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2021 Annual Report




      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

      March 31, 2021

      5.    REVENUE, OTHER INCOME AND GAINS (CONTINUED)

            Revenue from contracts with customers (continued)

            (ii)   Performance obligations

                   Information about the Group’s performance obligations is summarized below:

                   Sale of products

                   The performance obligation is satisfied upon delivery of the healthcare products. For B2C pharmacy
                   sales, payment is received from the payment platform, i.e. Alipay, when the receipt of goods is confirmed
                   by customers or by the payment platform automatically within a pre-specified period of time after delivery.
                   For B2B pharmacy sales, payment is generally due within 30 to 90 days except for new customers,
                   where payment in advance is normally required. Some contracts provide customers with a right of return
                   which gives rise to variable consideration subject to constraint.

                   Provision of services

                   The performance obligation is satisfied over time or at a point in time as services are rendered. Payment
                   is generally received upon the completion of the underlying transactions, prior to the provision of services
                   on a full prepayment basis, or due within 30 to 90 days except for new customers, where payment in
                   advance is normally required.

                   The transaction prices allocated to the remaining performance obligations (unsatisfied or partially
                   unsatisfied) as at March 31, 2021 and 2020 are as follows:

                                                                                                     2021                2020
                                                                                                 RMB’000             RMB’000


                   Within one year                                                                366,996             261,376
                   More than one year                                                                  —               26,825


                                                                                                  366,996             288,201
                                                                        ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2021 Annual Report       167




                                                                                         NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

                                                                                                                          March 31, 2021

5.   REVENUE, OTHER INCOME AND GAINS (CONTINUED)

                                                                                                              2021                   2020
                                                                                                        RMB’000                 RMB’000


     Other Income
         Bank interest income                                                                             164,704                  54,904
         Government grants    #
                                                                                                           52,270                  20,258
         Rental income from investment property operating leases                                             7,320                   8,399
         Management fee income                                                                               9,041                   7,700
         Dividend income                                                                                     1,363                   1,874
         Other interest income (note 20)                                                                       711                   1,307
         Others                                                                                                515                   3,243


                                                                                                          235,924                  97,685


     Gains
         Gain on disposal of a subsidiary (note 33)                                                        70,608                        —
         Fair value gains on financial assets at FVPL                                                      55,290                        —
         Foreign exchange difference, net                                                                  32,418                        —
         Gain on deemed partial disposal of associates                                                     11,588                  41,762
         Gain on disposal of items of property and equipment                                                   —                        31
         Gain on disposal of an associate                                                                        —                 21,791


                                                                                                          169,904                  63,584


                                                                                                          405,828                 161,269


     #
           Government grants mainly represented incentives received in certain regions in Mainland China in which the Company’s subsidiaries
           operate.
168   ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2021 Annual Report




      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

      March 31, 2021

      6.    PROFIT BEFORE TAX

                                                                                                                            2021                     2020
                                                                                                    Notes               RMB’000                   RMB’000


            Cost of goods sold*                                                                                        10,262,605             6,325,330
            Cost of services provided* (excluding employee benefit
                  expenses and share-based compensation expenses)                                                       1,576,165             1,003,665
            Interest on other loans**                                                                                          —                    21,879
            Depreciation of property and equipment                                                    12                    6,102                    5,830
            Depreciation of right-of-use assets                                                     13(a)                 24,960                    27,295
            Depreciation of investment property                                                     13(a)                   6,551                    7,087
            Amortization of intangible assets                                                         15                    2,013                    1,477
            Lease payments not included in the measurement of lease
                  liabilities                                                                       13(c)                    317                      636
            Reversal of impairment of trade receivables***                                            19                     (320)                    (888)
            Impairment of other receivables                                                           20                    4,904                       —
            Provision of inventories*                                                                                     18,080                    13,282
            Write-off of inventories***                                                                                   14,395                     5,301
            Impairment of a joint venture                                                             16                    1,143                       —
            Fair value (gains)/losses on financial assets at FVPL***                                                      (55,290)                  22,003
            Auditor’s remuneration                                                                                          3,000                    2,220
            Employee benefit expense (including directors’ and chief
                  executive’s remuneration)
                  Wages and salaries                                                                                     371,533                   289,629
                  Bonuses                                                                                                140,736                    94,233
                  Pension scheme contributions#                                                                           25,443                    24,670
                  Share-based compensation expenses                                                   29                 396,959                   277,139


                                                                                                                         934,671                   685,671


            Foreign exchange differences, net***                                                                          (32,418)                   6,752


            *         These items are included in “Cost of revenue” in the consolidated statement of profit or loss.


            **        These items are included in “Finance costs” in the consolidated statement of profit or loss.


            ***       These items are included in “Other expenses” or “Other income and gains” in the consolidated statement of profit or loss.


            #
                      As at March 31, 2021, the Group had no forfeited contributions available to reduce its contributions to the pension schemes in future
                      years (2020: Nil).
                                                               ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2021 Annual Report   169




                                                                              NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

                                                                                                              March 31, 2021

7.   DIRECTORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S REMUNERATION

     Directors’ and chief executive’s remuneration for the year, disclosed pursuant to the Listing Rules, section
     383(1)(a), (b), (c) and (f) of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance and Part 2 of the Companies (Disclosure of
     Information about Benefits of Directors) Regulation, is as follows:

                                                                                                  2021                   2020
                                                                                            RMB’000                 RMB’000


     Fees                                                                                        1,153                  1,106


     Other emoluments:
        Salaries, allowances and benefits in kind                                                4,050                  3,032
        Performance related bonus                                                                2,087                    770
        Share-based compensation expenses                                                       19,145                 23,359
        Pension scheme contributions                                                                166                   160


                                                                                                25,448                 27,321


                                                                                                26,601                 28,427


     During the year ended March 31, 2021, three directors (2020: two) of the Company were granted share
     options and RSUs, in respect of their services to the Group, under the share award scheme of the Company,
     further details of which are set out in note 29 to the financial statements. The fair values of such options and
     RSUs, which have been recognized in the consolidated statement of profit or loss over the vesting period, were
     determined as at the date of grant and the amounts included in the financial statements for the years ended
     March 31, 2020 and 2021 are included in the above directors’ and chief executive’s remuneration disclosures.
170   ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2021 Annual Report




      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

      March 31, 2021

      7.    DIRECTORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S REMUNERATION (CONTINUED)

            (a)    Independent non-executive directors

                   The fees paid to independent non-executive directors during the year were as follows:

                                                                                                         2021                    2020
                                                                                                      RMB’000                 RMB’000


                   Mr. Wong King On, Samuel                                                                  553                    565
                   Mr. Yan Xuan1                                                                              —                       6
                   Mr. Luo Tong                                                                              300                    306
                   Ms. Huang Yi Fei2                                                                         300                    229


                                                                                                           1,153                  1,106


                   There were no other emoluments payable to the independent non-executive directors during the year
                   (2020: Nil).

            (b)    Executive directors and non-executive directors

                                                                      Salaries,
                                                                   allowances                Share-based        Pension
                                                                  and benefits Performance compensation         scheme            Total
                                                         Fees          in kind related bonus    expenses   contributions   remuneration
                                                      RMB’000         RMB’000       RMB’000     RMB’000        RMB’000        RMB’000

                   2021
                   Executive directors:
                   Mr. Zhu Shun Yan3                         —           2,096         940         9,123             44          12,203
                   Mr. Wang Qiang4                           —             816         816         3,625             25           5,282
                   Mr. Tu Yanwu5                             —           1,072         331         2,632             51           4,086

                                                             —           3,984       2,087        15,380            120          21,571


                   Non-executive directors:
                   Mr. Wu Yongming                           —             —            —             —              —               —
                   Mr. Wang Lei6                             —             66           —          3,765             46           3,877
                   Mr. Xu Hong7                              —             —            —             —              —               —


                                                             —             66           —          3,765             46           3,877

                                                             —           4,050       2,087        19,145            166          25,448


                   During the year ended March 31, 2021, there was no arrangement under which a director waived or
                   agreed to waive any remuneration and no remuneration was paid by the Group to a director as an
                   inducement to join or upon joining the Group or as compensation for loss of office.
                                                                               ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2021 Annual Report       171




                                                                                                   NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

                                                                                                                                    March 31, 2021

7.   DIRECTORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S REMUNERATION (CONTINUED)

     (b)   Executive directors and non-executive directors (continued)

                                                                   Salaries,
                                                                allowances         Performance        Share-based        Pension
                                                               and benefits              related     compensation        scheme               Total
                                                   Fees             in kind               bonus          expenses   contributions      remuneration
                                                RMB’000          RMB’000             RMB’000            RMB’000        RMB’000            RMB’000


           2020
           Executive directors:
           Mr. Shen Difan8                             —              1,500                  —             10,425             70            11,995
           Mr. Wang Qiang4                             —              1,495                 770             5,286             45             7,596
           Mr. Zhu Shun Yan3                           —                 —                   —                 —              —                 —


                                                       —              2,995                 770            15,711            115            19,591


           Non-executive directors:
           Mr. Wu Yongming                             —                 —                   —                 —              —                 —
           Mr. Wang Lei6                               —                 37                  —              7,648             45             7,730
           Ms. Zhang Yu9                               —                 —                   —                 —              —                 —
           Mr. Xu Hong7                                —                 —                   —                 —              —                 —


                                                       —                 37                  —              7,648             45             7,730


                                                       —              3,032                 770            23,359            160            27,321

           1
                  Resigned as an independent non-executive director on April 8, 2019.
           2
                  Appointed as an independent non-executive director on June 9, 2019.
           3
                  Appointed as an executive director and the chief executive officer on March 15, 2020.
           4
                  Resigned as an executive director on October 23, 2020.
           5
                  Appointed as an executive director on October 23, 2020.
           6
                  Resigned as an executive director and the chief executive officer, and appointed as a non-executive director on March 29, 2018.
                  Resigned as a non-executive director on October 23, 2020.
           7
                  Appointed as a non-executive director on June 9, 2019.
           8
                  Appointed as an executive director and the chief executive officer on March 29, 2018. Resigned as executive director and the
                  chief executive officer on March 15, 2020.
           9
                  Appointed as non-executive director on December 29, 2017. Resigned as non-executive director on June 9, 2019.
172   ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2021 Annual Report




      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

      March 31, 2021

      8.    FIVE HIGHEST PAID EMPLOYEES

            The five highest paid employees during the year included one (2020: two) director, details of whose
            remuneration are set out in note 7 above. Details of the remuneration for the year of the remaining four (2020:
            three) non-director, highest paid employees who are neither a director nor chief executive of the Company are
            as follows:

                                                                                                   2021               2020
                                                                                              RMB’000             RMB’000


            Salaries, allowances and benefits in kind                                             4,244               4,900
            Performance related bonuses                                                           2,076                 976
            Share-based compensation expenses                                                    16,698              11,159
            Pension scheme contributions                                                            170                  93


                                                                                                 23,188              17,128


            During the year ended March 31, 2021 and March 31, 2020, there was no arrangement under which anyone
            of the five highest paid employees waived or agreed to waive any remuneration and no remuneration was paid
            by the Group to anyone of the five highest paid employees as an inducement to join or upon joining the Group
            or as compensation for the loss of office.

            The number of non-director, highest paid employees whose remuneration fell within the following bands is as
            follows:

                                                                                              Number of employees


            HK$4,500,001 to HK$5,000,000                                                              —                   1
            HK$5,500,001 to HK$6,000,000                                                               1                 1
            HK$6,000,001 to HK$6,500,000                                                               1                 —
            HK$6,500,001 to HK$7,000,000                                                               1                 —
            HK$8,500,001 to HK$9,000,000                                                               1                  1


                                                                                                       4                  3


            During the years ended March 31, 2021 and March 31, 2020, share options and RSUs were granted to non-
            director and non-chief executive highest paid employees in respect of their services to the Group, further
            details of which are included in the disclosures in note 29 to the financial statements. The fair values of such
            options and RSUs, which have been recognized in the statement of profit or loss over the vesting period, were
            determined as at the date of grant and the amounts included in the financial statements for the current and
            prior years are included in the above non-director and non-chief executive highest paid employees’
            remuneration disclosures.
                                                              ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2021 Annual Report   173




                                                                             NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

                                                                                                             March 31, 2021

9.   INCOME TAX

                                                                                                 2021                   2020
                                                                                           RMB’000                 RMB’000


     Current — Hong Kong
        Charge for the year                                                                        870                   979
        Underprovision in prior years                                                           1,353                     —
     Current — Mainland China
        Charge for the year                                                                    37,188                 32,397
        Overprovision in prior years                                                               (96)              (12,122)
     Deferred (note 27)                                                                        19,224                  3,536


     Total tax charge for the year                                                             58,539                 24,790


     Hong Kong profits tax has been provided at the rate of 16.5% (2020: 16.5%) on the estimated assessable
     profits arising in Hong Kong. During the year, a provision of RMB870,000 for Hong Kong profits tax has been
     made for assessable profits arising in Hong Kong during the year (2020: RMB979,000).

     In general, in Mainland China, the Company is subject to the PRC corporate income tax rate of 25% except
     for one PRC subsidiary which is entitled to a preferential tax rate of 15%, and one PRC subsidiary which is
     entitled to the preferential tax treatment of the income tax exemptions policy during the year of 2019, and is
     entitled to a preferential tax rate of 15% since 2020. An income tax reversal of RMB9,500,000 was recorded
     by one PRC subsidiary for the year ended March 31, 2020 after the approval of the preferential tax treatment
     for the prior year taxable income was obtained.

     No tax attributable to joint ventures was included in “Share of profits or losses of joint ventures” in the
     consolidated statement of profit or loss (2020: Nil).

     The share of tax charge/(credit) attributable to associates of approximately RMB3,001,000 (2020:
     RMB(10,045,000)) is included in “Share of profits or losses of associates” in the consolidated statement of profit
     or loss.
174   ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2021 Annual Report




      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

      March 31, 2021

      9.    INCOME TAX (CONTINUED)

            A reconciliation of the tax expense applicable to profit before tax at the statutory rate for the jurisdictions in
            which the majority of its subsidiaries are domiciled to the tax expense at the effective tax rate, and a
            reconciliation of the applicable rate (i.e., the statutory tax rate) to the effective tax rate, are as follows:

            2021

                                                                Hong Kong            Mainland China                 Total
                                                          RMB’000            %     RMB’000           %      RMB’000             %


            Profit before tax                               188,371                 212,848                  401,219


            Tax at the statutory tax rate                     31,081        16.5     53,212        25.0       84,293          21.0
            Effect of preferential tax treatment
                enacted by local authority                         —         —      (21,788)      (10.2)     (21,788)          (5.5)
            Non-deductible expenses and
                non-taxable income, net*                     (29,842)    (15.8)    (125,052)      (58.8)    (154,894)         (38.6)
            Research and development
                super deduction                                    —         —      (32,875)      (15.4)     (32,875)          (8.2)
            Underprovision/(overprovision) of tax
                in prior years                                 1,353         0.7        (96)          —        1,257            0.3
            Tax losses utilized from previous
                periods                                            —         —       (8,368)        (3.9)     (8,368)          (2.1)
            Tax losses and deductible temporary
                differences not recognized                     1,865         1.0    178,206        83.7      180,071          44.9
            Withholding tax in PRC                            10,843         5.8         —           —        10,843            2.7


            Tax charge at the Group’s
                effective rate                                15,300         8.1     43,239        20.3       58,539          14.6
                                                                           ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2021 Annual Report     175




                                                                                           NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

                                                                                                                              March 31, 2021

9.    INCOME TAX (CONTINUED)

      2020

                                                             Hong Kong                  Mainland China                        Total
                                                      RMB’000                 %     RMB’000                 %     RMB’000                 %


      Profit/(loss) before tax                           67,052                        (57,958)                          9,094


      Tax at the statutory tax rate                      11,064            16.5        (14,490)             25           (3,426)       (37.7)
      Effect of preferential tax treatment
          enacted by local authority                           —              —          8,018           (13.8)          8,018         88.2
      Non-deductible expenses and
          non-taxable income, net*                       (11,570)          (17.3)      (14,291)          24.7        (25,861)         (284.4)
      Research and development super
          deduction                                            —              —         (4,873)            8.4           (4,873)       (53.6)
      Overprovision of tax in prior years                      —              —        (12,122)          20.9        (12,122)         (133.3)
      Tax losses utilized from previous
          periods                                              —              —        (32,691)          56.4        (32,691)         (359.5)
      Tax losses and deductible temporary
          differences not recognized                       1,468             2.2       86,682          (149.6)       88,150           969.3
      Withholding tax in PRC                               7,595           11.3            —               —             7,595         83.5


      Tax charge at the Group’s
          effective rate                                   8,557           12.8        16,233            (28.0)      24,790           272.6


      *      This item includes share-based compensation expense, interest income and unrealised exchange differences.


10.   EARNINGS/(LOSS) PER SHARE ATTRIBUTABLE TO ORDINARY EQUITY HOLDERS OF THE PARENT

      The calculation of the basic earnings/(loss) per share amount is based on the profit/(loss) for the year attributable
      to ordinary equity holders of the parent, and the weighted average number of ordinary shares of
      13,245,718,572 (2020: 11,931,343,239) in issue during the year.

      The calculation of the diluted earnings/(loss) per share amounts is based on the profit/(loss) for the year
      attributable to ordinary equity holders of the parent. The weighted average number of ordinary shares used in
      the calculation is the number of ordinary shares in issue during the year, as used in the basic earnings/(loss)
      per share calculation, and the weighted average number of ordinary shares assumed to have been issued at no
      consideration on the deemed exercise or vesting of all dilutive potential ordinary shares into ordinary shares.
176   ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2021 Annual Report




      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

      March 31, 2021

      10.   EARNINGS/(LOSS) PER SHARE ATTRIBUTABLE TO ORDINARY EQUITY HOLDERS OF THE PARENT
            (CONTINUED)

            The calculations of basic and diluted earnings/(loss) per share are based on:

                                                                                                    2021             2020
                                                                                                RMB’000          RMB’000


            EARNINGS/(LOSS)
            Profit/(loss) attributable to ordinary equity holders of the parent, used in
                the basic earnings/(loss) per share calculation:
                From continuing operations                                                       348,588            (6,586)


                                                                                                 Number of shares
                                                                                                    2021             2020


            SHARES
            Weighted average number of ordinary shares in issue during the year
                used in the basic earnings/(loss) per share calculation                    13,245,718,572   11,931,343,239


            Effect of dilution — weighted average number of ordinary shares:
                Share options                                                                 13,098,726                —
                RSUs                                                                          67,707,377                —


                                                                                           13,326,524,675   11,931,343,239


            Certain share options and RSUs of the Group were anti-dilutive and ignored in the calculation of diluted
            earnings per share for the year ended March 31, 2021. (No adjustment has been made to the basic loss per
            share amounts presented for the year ended March 31, 2020 in respect of a dilution as the impact of the
            share options and RSUs outstanding had no dilutive effect on the loss per share amounts presented.)

      11.   DIVIDENDS

            The board does not recommend the payment of dividend for the year ended March 31, 2021 (For the year
            ended March 31, 2020: Nil).
                                                          ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2021 Annual Report   177




                                                                         NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

                                                                                                         March 31, 2021

12.   PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT

                                                                    Computer
                                                                   equipment,
                                                   Leasehold     furniture and
                                                improvements           fixtures Motor vehicles                   Total
                                                    RMB’000          RMB’000             RMB’000            RMB’000


      March 31, 2021
      At March 31, 2020 and at April 1, 2020:
      Cost                                            15,056             74,810                 307             90,173
      Accumulated depreciation and impairment          (9,595)          (67,319)               (260)           (77,174)


      Net carrying amount                              5,461              7,491                  47             12,999


      At April 1, 2020, net of accumulated
        depreciation and impairment                    5,461              7,491                  47             12,999
      Additions                                       10,671              6,406                  —              17,077
      Disposals                                          (739)             (158)                  —               (897)
      Disposal of a subsidiary (note 33)               (8,358)           (1,291)                  —             (9,649)
      Depreciation provided during the year
        (note 6)                                       (1,870)           (4,188)                (44)            (6,102)


      At March 31, 2021, net of accumulated
        depreciation and impairment                    5,165              8,260                    3            13,428


      At March 31, 2021:
      Cost                                            16,105             78,275                 307             94,687
      Accumulated depreciation and impairment         (10,940)          (70,015)               (304)           (81,259)


      Net carrying amount                              5,165              8,260                    3            13,428
178   ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2021 Annual Report




      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

      March 31, 2021

      12.   PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT (CONTINUED)

                                                                                        Computer
                                                                                       equipment,
                                                                         Leasehold    furniture and
                                                                   improvements            fixtures   Motor vehicles       Total
                                                                         RMB’000         RMB’000          RMB’000       RMB’000


            March 31 2020
            At March 31, 2019 and at April 1, 2019:
            Cost                                                           11,559          64,970               307      76,836
            Accumulated depreciation and impairment                         (7,589)        (60,162)            (199)     (67,950)


            Net carrying amount                                             3,970            4,808              108       8,886


            At April 1, 2019, net of accumulated
                depreciation and impairment                                 3,970            4,808              108       8,886
            Additions                                                       1,622            5,945               —        7,567
            Business acquisition (note 31)                                  1,742              716               —        2,458
            Disposals                                                          (31)            (51)              —           (82)
            Depreciation provided during the year
                (note 6)                                                    (1,842)         (3,927)              (61)     (5,830)


            At March 31, 2020, net of accumulated
                depreciation and impairment                                 5,461            7,491               47      12,999


            At March 31, 2020:
            Cost                                                           15,056          74,810               307      90,173
            Accumulated depreciation and impairment                         (9,595)        (67,319)            (260)     (77,174)


            Net carrying amount                                             5,461            7,491               47      12,999
                                                             ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2021 Annual Report   179




                                                                            NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

                                                                                                            March 31, 2021

13.   LEASES

      The Group as a lessee

      The Group leases certain of its offices and retail outlets under operating lease arrangements, which are
      negotiated for terms ranging from six months to ten years.

      (a)   Right-of-use assets

            The carrying amounts of the Group’s right-of-use assets and the movements during the year are as
            follows:

                                                                                                               Investment
                                                                                           Buildings              property
                                                                                           RMB’000                RMB’000


            As at April 1, 2019                                                               73,087                      —
            Additions                                                                         31,227                      —
            Transfer                                                                         (17,686)                17,686
            Depreciation charge                                                              (27,295)                (7,087)


            As at March 31, 2020 and April 1, 2020                                            59,333                 10,599
            Additions                                                                          2,974                     —
            Transfer                                                                           4,048                 (4,048)
            Depreciation charge                                                              (24,960)                (6,551)
            Revision of a lease term arising from a change in the non-
               cancellable period of a lease                                                  (2,534)                     —


            As at March 31, 2021                                                              38,861                      —
180   ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2021 Annual Report




      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

      March 31, 2021

      13.   LEASES (CONTINUED)

            The Group as a lessee (continued)

            (b)    Lease liabilities

                   The carrying amount of lease liabilities and the movements during the year are as follows:

                                                                                                        2021            2020
                                                                                                   RMB’000           RMB’000


                   Carrying amount at April 1,                                                        69,755          68,301
                   New leases                                                                          2,974          31,227
                   Accretion of interest recognized during the year                                    2,449           3,133
                   Covid-19-related rent concessions from lessors                                       (189)             —
                   Payments                                                                          (34,065)         (32,906)
                   Revision of a lease term arising from a change in the non-
                       cancellable period of a lease                                                  (3,184)              —


                   Carrying amount at March 31,                                                       37,740          69,755


                   Analyzed into:
                       Current portion                                                                20,334          32,030
                       Non-current portion                                                            17,406          37,725


                   The maturity analysis of lease liabilities is disclosed in note 38 to the financial statements.

                   As disclosed in note 2.2 to the financial statements, the Group has early adopted the amendment to
                   HKFRS 16 and applied the practical expedient to all eligible rent concessions granted by the lessors for
                   leases of certain office and retail outlets during the year.
                                                               ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2021 Annual Report   181




                                                                              NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

                                                                                                              March 31, 2021

13.   LEASES (CONTINUED)

      The Group as a lessee (continued)

      (c)   The amounts recognized in profit or loss in relation to leases are as follows:

                                                                                                  2021                   2020
                                                                                            RMB’000                 RMB’000


            Interest on lease liabilities                                                        2,449                  3,133
            Depreciation charge of right-of-use assets                                          24,960                 27,295
            Depreciation charge of investment property                                           6,551                  7,087
            Expense relating to short-term leases and other leases with
               remaining lease terms ended on or before year end                                    317                   636
            Covid-19-related rent concessions from lessors                                         (189)                   —


            Total amount recognized in profit or loss                                           34,088                 38,151


      (d)   The total cash outflow for leases and future cash outflows relating to leases that have not yet commenced
            are disclosed in notes 32 and 34, respectively, to the financial statements.

      (e)   The Group has no termination options expected to be exercised.

      The Group as a lessor

      The Group leases its investment properties under operating lease arrangements. The terms of the leases
      generally require the tenants to pay security deposits and provide for periodic rent adjustments according to the
      then prevailing market conditions. Rental income recognized by the Group during the year was RMB7,320,000
      (2020: RMB8,399,000), details of which are included in note 5 to the financial statements.

      At March 31, 2021, the undiscounted lease payments receivable by the Group in future periods under non-
      cancellable operating leases with its tenants are as follows:

                                                                                                  2021                   2020
                                                                                            RMB’000                 RMB’000


      Within one year                                                                                —                  7,320
182   ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2021 Annual Report




      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

      March 31, 2021

      14.   GOODWILL

                                                                                                                   RMB’000


            Cost and net carrying amount at March 31, 2020 and March 31, 2021                                          54,576


            Impairment testing of goodwill

            Goodwill acquired through business combinations is allocated to the following CGUs for impairment testing:

            •      B2C and related business in the PRC; and

            •      B2B business in the PRC.

            PRC B2C and related business CGU

            The recoverable amount of this CGU has been determined based on a value in use calculation using cash flow
            projections based on financial budgets covering a five-year period. The discount rate applied to the cash flow
            projections is 15.4%. The growth rate used to extrapolate the cash flows beyond the five-year period is 3%,
            which approximates the long term average growth rate of the retailing industry of healthcare products in the
            PRC.

            PRC B2B business CGU

            The recoverable amount of this CGU was determined based on a value in use calculation using cash flow
            projections based on financial budgets covering a five-year period. The discount rate applied to the cash flow
            projections is 20% and cash flows beyond the five-year period were extrapolated using a growth rate of 3%,
            which approximates the long term average growth rate of the healthcare products centralized procurement and
            distribution industry.

            The carrying amount of goodwill allocated to each of the CGUs is as follows:

                                                            PRC B2C and related     PRC B2B business
                                                                business CGU              CGU                  Total
                                                                 2021       2020      2021       2020      2021         2020
                                                            RMB’000      RMB’000   RMB’000    RMB’000   RMB’000    RMB’000


            Carrying amount of goodwill                        49,060     49,060      5,516     5,516     54,576       54,576
                                                               ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2021 Annual Report   183




                                                                              NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

                                                                                                              March 31, 2021

14.   GOODWILL (CONTINUED)

      Impairment testing of goodwill (continued)

      PRC B2B business CGU (continued)

      Assumptions were used in the value in use calculation of the PRC B2C and related business CGU and PRC
      B2B business CGU. The following describes each key assumption on which management has based its cash
      flow projections to undertake impairment testing of goodwill:

      Discount rates — The discount rates used are before tax and reflect specific risks relating to the relevant
                          units.


      Growth rates   — The growth rates used to extrapolate the cash flows beyond the five-year period are based
                          on the estimated growth rate of each unit taking into account the industry growth rate, past
                          experience and the medium or long term growth target of each CGU.

15.   OTHER INTANGIBLE ASSETS

                                                                                                             Patents and
                                                                                                                  licences
                                                                                                                 RMB’000


      March 31, 2021
      Cost at April 1, 2020, net of accumulated amortization                                                          4,467
      Additions                                                                                                         481
      Amortization provided during the year (note 6)                                                                 (2,013)


      At March 31, 2021                                                                                               2,935


      At March 31, 2021:
         Cost                                                                                                         6,425
         Accumulated amortization                                                                                    (3,490)


      Net carrying amount                                                                                             2,935
184   ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2021 Annual Report




      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

      March 31, 2021

      15.   OTHER INTANGIBLE ASSETS (CONTINUED)

                                                                                                                                         RMB’000


            March 31, 2020
            Cost at April 1, 2019, net of accumulated amortization                                                                                —
            Additions                                                                                                                         5,944
            Amortization provided during the year (note 6)                                                                                   (1,477)


            At March 31, 2020                                                                                                                 4,467


            At March 31, 2020
                Cost                                                                                                                          5,944
                Accumulated amortization                                                                                                     (1,477)


            Net carrying amount                                                                                                               4,467


      16.   INVESTMENTS IN JOINT VENTURES

                                                                                                                      2021                    2020
                                                                                                                 RMB’000                 RMB’000


            Share of net assets                                                                                     99,691                 111,247
            Impairment*                                                                                              (1,143)                    —


                                                                                                                    98,548                 111,247


            *      Impairment was recognized for an unlisted investment in and amount due from a joint venture with a carrying amount of RMB1,143,000
                   (before deducting the impairment loss) (2020: Nil).
                                                                               ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2021 Annual Report          185




                                                                                                NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

                                                                                                                                   March 31, 2021

16.   INVESTMENTS IN JOINT VENTURES (CONTINUED)

      Particulars of the Group’s joint ventures are as follows:


                                                                  Place of                       Percentage of

                                              Particulars of      registration and Ownership            Voting       Profit
      Name                                    capital held        business                interest      power      sharing     Principal activities


      浙江扁鵲健康數據技術有限公司                          Registered          PRC/                          45          45           45    Health related data
          (Zhejiang Bian Que Health Data          capital of         Mainland China                                              services
          Technology Company Limited )*   @
                                                  RMB1 each
          (“Zhejiang Bian Que”)


      江蘇紫金弘雲健康產業投資合夥                          Registered          PRC/                     13.724       13.724      13.724     Investment
          企業（有限合夥）(Jiangsu Zijin                  capital of         Mainland China                                              management
          Hongyun Health Industry                 RMB1 each
          investment Partnership (Limited
          Partnership)@)* (“Jiangsu Zijin”)

      @
               For identification purposes only


      *        Zhejiang Bian Que and Jiangsu Zijin have a financial year ending December 31, and their financial statements may not be available in a
               timely manner for the Group to apply the equity method, and therefore the Group elects to record its shares of the profits or losses of
               Zhejiang Bian Que and Jiangsu Zijin on a quarterly lag basis. Accordingly, the Group elects to pick up financial statements of these
               joint ventures using their annual financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2020 for the current year (2019: year ended
               December 31, 2019).


      The above joint ventures are indirectly held by the Company.

      The following table illustrates the aggregate financial information of the Group’s joint ventures that are not
      individually material:

                                                                                                                      2021                     2020
                                                                                                                 RMB’000                    RMB’000


      Share of the joint ventures’ loss and total comprehensive loss for the
           year                                                                                                    (11,556)                  (12,737)
      Aggregate carrying amount of the Group’s investments in the joint
           ventures                                                                                                 98,548                   111,247
186   ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2021 Annual Report




      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

      March 31, 2021

      17.   INVESTMENTS IN ASSOCIATES

                                                                                                                2021                     2020
                                                                                                          RMB’000                 RMB’000


            Share of net assets                                                                             832,826                 698,515
            Goodwill on acquisition                                                                       1,341,112               1,247,274


            Total                                                                                         2,173,938               1,945,789


            Particulars of the Group’s associates are as follows:

                                                                                            Percentage of
                                                                                                 ownership
                                                                         Place of                   interest
                                                    Particulars of       registration and   attributable to
            Name                                    capital held         business                the Group Principal activities


            東方口岸科技有限公司                              Registered capital   PRC/ Mainland                  30 Operation of platforms for
              (Dongfang Customs Technology             of RMB1 each        China                              electronic customs processing
              Company Limited)@* (“Dongfang
              Customs”)

            萬里雲醫療信息科技（北京）有限公司                       Registered capital   PRC/Mainland                23.28 Construction of medical
              (Wanliyun Medical Information            of RMB1 each        China                              platforms and provision of
              Technology (Beijing) Co., Ltd.)@*#                                                              related services
              (“Wanliyun”) (note i)

            A company engaging in the medical       Registered capital   PRC/Mainland                  9.5 Provision of medical self-service
               business@*^# (“Company A”) (note ii)    of RMB1 each        China                              equipment and smart
                                                                                                              healthcare solutions

            嘉和美康（北京）科技股份有限公司                      Registered capital     PRC/Mainland                14.55 Provision of clinical information
              (Jiahe Meikang (Beijing) Technology    of RMB1 each          China                              software products, infant
              Co., Ltd.)@*^# (“Jiahe Meikang”)                                                                medical equipment and mobile
              (note iii)                                                                                      internet digitalised medical
                                                                                                              information software systems

            江蘇曼荼羅軟件股份有限公司                           Registered capital   PRC/Mainland              11.278 Provision of software development
              (Jiangsu Mandalat Software               of RMB1 each        China
              Company Limited)@*^# (“Mandalat”)
              (note iv)

            安徽華人健康醫藥股份有限公司                        Registered capital     PRC/Mainland                8.838 Pharmaceutical retail chain
              (Anhui Huaren Health Pharmaceutical    of RMB1 each          China                              business
              Co., Ltd.)@*^# (“Anhui Huaren”)
              (note v)
                                                                                  ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2021 Annual Report           187




                                                                                                   NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

                                                                                                                                       March 31, 2021

17.   INVESTMENTS IN ASSOCIATES (CONTINUED)

                                                                                                   Percentage of
                                                                                                        ownership
                                                                          Place of                         interest
                                                    Particulars of        registration and         attributable to
      Name                                          capital held          business                      the Group Principal activities

      貴州一樹連鎖藥業有限公司                                  Registered capital    PRC/Mainland                           25 Pharmaceutical retail chain
        (Guizhou Ensure Chain Pharmacy                 of RMB1 each         China                                      business
        Company Limited)@*#
        (“Guizhou Ensure”)

      甘肅德生堂醫藥科技集團有限公司                     Registered capital              PRC/Mainland                            5 Pharmaceutical retail chain
        (Gansu Deshengtang Pharmaceutical    of RMB1 each                   China                                      business
        Technology Co., Ltd)@*^#
        (“Gansu Deshengtang”)

      來未來科技（浙江）有限公司 (Laiweilai                      Registered capital    PRC/Mainland                           30 Construction of intelligent medical
        Technology (Zhejiang) Co., Ltd)@*#             of RMB1 each         China                                      platform business
        (“Laiweilai”) (note vi)

      @
                For identification purposes only


      *         The statutory financial statements of the above associates were not audited by Ernst & Young, Hong Kong or another member firm of
                the Ernst & Young global network.


      ^
                The investments in these companies are accounted for as associates of the Group because the Group is in a position to exercise
                significant influence. The Group has at least one director at each board of directors and/or has veto rights regarding certain significant
                financial and operating decisions in board meetings and/or shareholders’ meetings of these associates.


      #
                The associates have a financial year ending December 31 and the financial statements of these associates may not be available in a
                timely manner for the Group to apply the equity method, and therefore the Group elects to record its shares of the profits or losses of
                these associates on a quarterly lag basis. Accordingly, the Group elects to pick up financial statements of these associates using their
                annual financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2020 for the current year (2019: year ended December 31, 2019).


      The above investments are indirectly held by the Company.

      Note i:   The equity interest in Wanliyun held by Alibaba Health (China) was diluted to 23.28% during the year ended March 31, 2020 as a result
                of capital injection in Wanliyun by new investors.


      Note ii: The equity interest in Company A held by Alibaba Health (China) was diluted to 9.5% during the year ended March 31, 2021 as a result
                of capital injection in Company A by new investors.


      Note iii: On March 29, 2019, Hongyun Jiukang entered into an equity transfer agreement with a wholly-owned subsidiary of Jiahe Meikang, which
                is an associate of Hongyun Jiukang, pursuant to which 45% equity interests in Beijing Jiamei Online Technology Co., Ltd. (北京嘉美在
                線科技有限公司) (“Jiamei Online”) held by Hongyun Jiukang would be transferred to the wholly-owned subsidiary of Jiahe Meikang, for
                a total cash consideration of approximately RMB53,042,000. The transaction was completed on August 16, 2019.


                The equity interest in Jiahe Meikang held by Alibaba Health (China) was diluted to 14.55% during the year ended March 31, 2020 as a
                result of capital injection in Jiahe Meikang by new investors.
188   ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2021 Annual Report




      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

      March 31, 2021

      17.   INVESTMENTS IN ASSOCIATES (CONTINUED)

            Note iv: The equity interest in Mandalat held by Alibaba Health (China) was diluted to 11.278% during the year ended March 31, 2021 as a result
                   of capital injection in Mandalat by new investors.


            Note v: The equity interest in Anhui Huaren held by Alibaba Health (China) was diluted to 9.245% during the year ended March 31, 2020 as a
                   result of capital injection in Anhui Huaren by new investors.


                   The equity interest in Anhui Huaren held by Alibaba Health (China) was diluted to 8.838% during the year ended March 31, 2021 as a
                   result of capital injection in Anhui Huaren by new investors.


            Note vi: During the year ended March 31, 2021, the Group, through two of its wholly-owned subsidiaries, acquired 30% equity interests of
                   Laiweilai, a company established in the PRC with limited liability, with consideration of RMB216,000,000 in cash and 80% equity
                   interest in Seenew Medical Technology (Zhejiang) Co., Ltd. (“熙牛醫療科技（浙江）有限公司”) (“Seenew Medical”), which are fully paid
                   as of March 31, 2021.


            The following table illustrates the aggregate financial information of the Group’s associates that are not
            individually material:

                                                                                                                        2021                     2020
                                                                                                                     RMB’000                  RMB’000


            Share of the associates’ loss for the year and total comprehensive
              loss for the year                                                                                         (26,857)                 (21,295)

            Aggregate carrying amount of the Group’s investments in the associates                                   2,173,938                1,945,789


      18.   INVENTORIES

                                                                                                                        2021                     2020
                                                                                                                     RMB’000                  RMB’000


            Inventories                                                                                              1,468,609                1,217,258


      19.   TRADE AND BILLS RECEIVABLES

                                                                                                                        2021                     2020
                                                                                                                     RMB’000                  RMB’000


            Trade receivables                                                                                          326,766                  319,278
            Bills receivable                                                                                            13,437                   32,171


                                                                                                                       340,203                  351,449

            Impairment                                                                                                  (26,588)                 (26,908)


                                                                                                                       313,615                  324,541
                                                               ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2021 Annual Report   189




                                                                              NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

                                                                                                              March 31, 2021

19.   TRADE AND BILLS RECEIVABLES (CONTINUED)

      The Group’s trading terms with some of its customers are on credit. The Group provides a credit period of 30
      days to 90 days. Trade receivables are settled in accordance with the terms of the respective contracts. The
      Group seeks to maintain strict control over its outstanding receivables. Overdue balances are reviewed regularly
      by senior management. The Group does not hold any collateral or other credit enhancements over its trade
      receivable balances. Trade receivables are non-interest-bearing.

      Included in the Group’s trade and bills receivables are amounts due from subsidiaries of Alibaba Group of
      approximately RMB53,161,000 (2020: RMB80,178,000) and the Group’s associates of approximately
      RMB91,000 (2020: RMB24,394,000), which are repayable on credit terms similar to those offered to major
      customers of the Group.

      An ageing analysis of the trade receivables net of impairment as at the end of the Reporting Period, based on
      the invoice date and net of provisions, is as follows:

                                                                                                  2021                   2020
                                                                                            RMB’000                 RMB’000


      Within 3 months                                                                         177,677                266,972
      3 to 12 months                                                                          122,501                  25,398


                                                                                              300,178                292,370


      The movements in the provision for impairment of trade receivables are as follows:

                                                                                                  2021                   2020
                                                                                            RMB’000                 RMB’000


      At April 1                                                                                26,908                 27,796
      Reversal of impairment (note 6)                                                              (320)                 (888)


      At March 31                                                                               26,588                 26,908


      An impairment analysis is performed at each reporting date using a provision matrix to measure expected
      credit losses. The provision rates are based on days past due for groupings of various customer segments with
      similar loss patterns (i.e., by customer type and rating). The calculation reflects the probability-weighted
      outcome, the time value of money and reasonable and supportable information that is available at the reporting
      date about past events, current conditions and forecasts of future economic conditions.
190   ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2021 Annual Report




      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

      March 31, 2021

      19.   TRADE AND BILLS RECEIVABLES (CONTINUED)

            Set out below is the information about the credit risk exposure on the Group’s trade receivables using a
            provision matrix:

            As at March 31, 2021

                                                                                          Ageing
                                                           Less than           7 to 12    13 to 24      Over 24
                                                            6 months           months      months       months        Total


            Expected credit loss rate                           0.01%           0.03%       0.00%       100.00%      8.14%
            Gross carrying amount (RMB’000)                   284,138          16,058           —        26,570     326,766
            Expected credit losses (RMB’000)                         13             5              —     26,570      26,588


            As at March 31, 2020

                                                                                           Ageing
                                                               Less than        7 to 12     13 to 24      Over 24
                                                               6 months          months      months       months        Total


            Expected credit loss rate                              0.12%          0.00%       0.00%      100.00%       8.43%
            Gross carrying amount (RMB’000)                      289,423          3,285           —        26,570    319,278
            Expected credit losses (RMB’000)                             338         —              —      26,570     26,908

            Bills receivables are subject to impairment using the low credit risk simplification under the general approach.
            At each reporting date, the Group evaluates whether the bills receivable are considered to have low credit risk
            using all reasonable and supportable information that is available without undue cost or effort. In making that
            evaluation, the Group reassesses the credit ratings of the debt investments. The Group did not recognise any
            impairment loss on bills receivable as at March 31, 2021.

            Transferred financial assets that are not derecognised in their entirety

            The Group had no such endorsement at March 31, 2021 and March 31, 2020.
                                                               ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2021 Annual Report   191




                                                                              NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

                                                                                                              March 31, 2021

19.   TRADE AND BILLS RECEIVABLES (CONTINUED)

      Transferred financial assets that are derecognised in their entirety

      At March 31, 2021, the Group endorsed certain bills receivable accepted by banks in Mainland China (the
      “Derecognised Bills”) to certain of its suppliers in order to settle the trade payables due to such suppliers with
      a carrying amount in aggregate of approximately RMB6,972,000 (2020: RMB4,055,000). The Derecognised Bills
      had a maturity of one to eight months at the end of the reporting period. In accordance with the Law of
      Negotiable Instruments in the PRC, the holders of the Derecognised Bills have a right of recourse against the
      Group if the PRC banks default (the “Continuing Involvement”). In the opinion of the directors, the Group has
      transferred substantially all risks and rewards relating to the Derecognised Bills. Accordingly, it has
      derecognised the full carrying amounts of the Derecognised Bills and the associated trade payables. The
      maximum exposure to loss from the Group’s Continuing Involvement in the Derecognised Bills and the
      undiscounted cash flows to repurchase these Derecognised Bills is equal to their carrying amounts. In the
      opinion of the directors, the fair values of the Group’s Continuing Involvement in the Derecognised Bills are not
      significant.

      During the year ended March 31, 2021, the Group has not recognized any gain or loss on the date of transfer
      of the Derecognised Bills. No gains or losses were recognized from the Continuing Involvement, both during
      the year or cumulatively. The endorsement was made evenly throughout the year.

20.   PREPAYMENTS, OTHER RECEIVABLES AND OTHER ASSETS

                                                                                                  2021                   2020
                                                                                            RMB’000                 RMB’000


      Current:
      Prepayments                                                                             310,423                148,867
      Other receivables and other assets                                                      466,053                266,481


                                                                                              776,476                415,348


      Impairment                                                                                (6,760)                (1,856)


                                                                                              769,716                413,492


      Non-current:
      Long-term receivables (note i)                                                             9,524                 21,732


                                                                                              779,240                435,224
192   ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2021 Annual Report




      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

      March 31, 2021

      20.   PREPAYMENTS, OTHER RECEIVABLES AND OTHER ASSETS (CONTINUED)

            Note i: The other receivables and other assets as at March 31, 2021 mainly consisted of deposits. As at March 31, 2020 it mainly consisted
                    of non-current portion of a loan to a shareholder of HL95, which is secured by a pledge of 25% of HL95’s equity and bore interest at
                    a rate of 3% per annum. The loan is due in August, 2021 and current portion of the loan was transferred to other receivables as at
                    March 31, 2021.An interest income of RMB711,000 was earned by the Group from this loan during the year ended March 31, 2021
                    (2020: RMB1,307,000).


            The movements in provision for impairment of other receivables during the year are as follows:

                                                                                                                         2021                    2020
                                                                                                                   RMB’000                  RMB’000


            At April 1, 2020                                                                                            1,856                   1,856
            Impairment losses recognized                                                                                4,904                      —


            At March 31, 2021                                                                                           6,760                   1,856


            The individually impaired other receivables of RMB6,760,000 (2020: RMB1,856,000) relate to debtors that were
            in default and the outstanding receivables are not expected to be recovered.

      21.   CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AND RESTRICTED CASH

                                                                                                                         2021                    2020
                                                                                                                   RMB’000                  RMB’000


            Cash and bank balances                                                                                 6,419,689               2,033,262
            Restricted cash                                                                                            11,017                  60,239
            Time deposits with original maturity of three months or less when
                acquired and cash equivalents placed at payment platform                                             832,586                 561,719


            Time deposits with original maturity of over three months when acquired                                4,384,494                         —


            Total                                                                                                11,647,786                2,655,220
            Less:
            Restricted cash                                                                                           (11,017)                (60,239)


            Cash and cash equivalents                                                                            11,636,769                2,594,981
                                                            ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2021 Annual Report   193




                                                                           NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

                                                                                                           March 31, 2021

21.   CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AND RESTRICTED CASH (CONTINUED)

      At the end of the reporting period, the cash and cash equivalents of the Group denominated in RMB placed in
      the PRC amounted to approximately RMB3,163,012,000 (2020: RMB1,854,746,000). The RMB is not freely
      convertible into other currencies, however, under Mainland China’s Foreign Exchange Control Regulations and
      Administration of Settlement, Sale and Payment of Foreign Exchange Regulations, the Group is permitted to
      exchange RMB for other currencies through banks authorized to conduct foreign exchange business.

      Cash at banks earns interest at floating rates based on daily bank deposit rates. Time deposits are made for
      varying periods of between three month and one year depending on the immediate cash requirements of the
      Group, and earn interest at the respective term deposit rates. The bank balances are deposited with
      creditworthy banks with no recent history of default. The cash equivalents placed in payment platform,
      including those in restricted cash, amounting to RMB46,679,000 (2020: RMB123,071,000) represents cash and
      restricted cash placed in Alipay.com Co., Ltd. (支付寶（中國）網絡技術有限公司) (“Alipay”), a subsidiary of Ant
      Small and Micro Financial Services Group Co., Ltd. (浙江螞蟻小微金融服務集團股份有限公司) (“Ant Financial”),
      which earns interest at floating rates.

22.   FINANCIAL ASSETS AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH PROFIT OR LOSS

                                                                                               2021                   2020
                                                                                         RMB’000                 RMB’000


      Financial asset at FVPL
         Non-current:
         Unlisted investment (note i)                                                      976,453                455,890
         Put option (note ii)                                                                 6,573                  6,888
         Others                                                                               1,430                     —


                                                                                           984,456                462,778


         Current:
         Other unlisted investments (note iii)                                                    —               402,485


                                                                                                  —               402,485
194   ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2021 Annual Report




      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

      March 31, 2021

      22.   FINANCIAL ASSETS AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH PROFIT OR LOSS (CONTINUED)

            Note i: Unlisted interest represents the 9.34% equity interest in ShuYu Civilian Pharmacy Corp. Ltd.* (漱玉平民大藥房連鎖股份有限公司) (“ShuYu
                    Civilian”), a joint stock company established in the PRC with limited liability engaged in the pharmaceutical retail chain business, and
                    the 7.55% interest in LinkDoc Technology Limited (零氪科技有限公司) (“LinkDoc”), a private company established in the PRC with
                    limited liability in the medical data solutions and oncology big data platforms business.


                    On June 25, 2018, Alibaba Health (China) entered into the capital increase agreement with the ShuYu Civilian at a total consideration
                    of RMB454,400,000, upon completion of which the Group shall hold a 9.34% equity interest of ShuYu Civilian. The Group does not
                    have a board position or veto rights in the board meeting or shareholders’ meeting, the Group does not have significant influence in the
                    investee. The above equity investment was classified as a financial asset at FVPL as the Group has not elected to recognise the fair
                    value gain or loss through other comprehensive income.


                    In February, 2021, the Group, through a wholly owned subsidiary, acquired 7.55% equity interests of LinkDoc for a cash consideration
                    of US$71,138,061, and accounted for this investment as financial asset at FVPL as the issuer’s financial instrument includes
                    contractual obligation to deliver cash for the investors’ redemption right.


                    The fair value of the unlisted investment was estimated as at the date of acquisition and each financial reporting period end, using a
                    guideline company method and the key assumptions applied in the calculation are the comparable companies, relevant multiplies and
                    discount for lack of marketability (“DLOM”). Comparable companies are actively traded in the stock market and the multiples are
                    publicly available. Also, to adjust the fair value difference between a publicly traded company and a private company, the independent
                    valuer has applied the option pricing model to estimate the DLOM.


            Note ii: In connection with the capital injection in a company in respective of the medical business, an associate of the Group, as further explained
                    in note 17 to the financial statements, Alibaba Health (China), a subsidiary of the Company and a shareholder of the associate, is
                    entitled to withdraw a portion of its investment cost of RMB94,444,000 (representing a 5% ownership interest) in the associate at a
                    minimum return of 10% interest per annum if the associate fails to complete a qualified initial public offering before December 31,
                    2022.


                    Upon initial recognition, the Group’s put option was classified as a financial asset measured at fair value through profit or loss.


                    The fair value of the put option was estimated as at the date of grant and each financial reporting period end, using the Black-Scholes
                    model, taking into account the terms and conditions upon which the options were granted. The following table lists the inputs to the
                    model used:


                                                                                                                     March 31, 2021             March 31, 2020


                    Expected volatility (%)                                                                                         45                        40
                    Expected dividend (%)                                                                                         0.00                      0.00
                    Exercise probability(%)                                                                                         30                        30
                    Risk-free interest rate (%)                                                                                   2.76                      2.01


                    The expected volatility reflects the assumption that the historical volatility is indicative of future trends, which may also not necessarily
                    be the actual outcome.


            Note iii: Other unlisted investments at March 31, 2020 were wealth management products issued by banks in the PRC. They were mandatorily
                    classified as financial assets at FVPL as their contractual cash flows are not solely payments of principal and interest.
                                                                ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2021 Annual Report   195




                                                                               NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

                                                                                                               March 31, 2021

23.   EQUITY INVESTMENT DESIGNATED AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME

                                                                                                   2021                   2020
                                                                                             RMB’000                 RMB’000


      Equity investment designated at FVOCI
      Unlisted equity investment, at fair value:
      IK Healthcare Holdings Limited (“IK Healthcare”)                                         163,212                173,456


      The above equity investment was irrevocably designated at FVOCI as the Group considers this investment to
      be strategic in nature.

      On March 18, 2019, Ali JK Medical Products Limited, a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, entered into
      a subscription agreement with IK Healthcare, pursuant to which Ali JK Medical Products Limited shall
      subscribe for 433,082 new shares, representing no less than 1% equity interest in IK Healthcare at a total
      subscription price of US$17,842,978.40 (approximately to RMB119,801,000). IK Healthcare is a parent of iKang
      Healthcare Group, Inc., which is a provider of healthcare preventive service through self-owned medical centres
      and third-party facilities. The transaction was completed on March 29, 2019 and the total consideration of
      US$17,842,978.40 was fully paid thereof. This transaction also constituted a connected transaction. For details
      of the transaction, please refer to announcement of the Company dated March 18, 2019.

      The fair value of the unlisted equity investment was estimated as at the date of acquisition and each financial
      reporting period end, using a guideline company method and the key assumptions applied in the calculation
      are the comparable companies, relevant multiplies and DLOM. Comparable companies are actively traded in the
      stock market and the multiples are publicly available. Also, to adjust the fair value difference between a publicly
      traded company and a private company, an independent valuer has applied the option pricing model to
      estimate the DLOM.

24.   TRADE AND BILLS PAYABLES

      An ageing analysis of the trade and bills payables as at the end of the reporting period, based on the invoice
      date or issue date, is as follows:

                                                                                                   2021                   2020
                                                                                             RMB’000                 RMB’000


      Within 3 months                                                                        1,268,105                973,060
      3 to 12 months                                                                         1,184,311                683,915
      Over 12 months                                                                             99,134               208,551


                                                                                             2,551,550              1,865,526


      The trade payables are non-interest-bearing and are normally settled on terms of 30 days to 90 days.
196   ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2021 Annual Report




      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

      March 31, 2021

      24.   TRADE AND BILLS PAYABLES (CONTINUED)

            Included in the Group’s trade payables are amounts due to subsidiaries of Alibaba Group of approximately
            RMB1,284,969,000 (2020: RMB950,468,000), which are repayable on credit terms similar to those offered by
            the related companies to their major customers.

      25.   OTHER PAYABLES AND ACCRUALS

                                                                                                       2021                2020
                                                                                                  RMB’000              RMB’000


            Other payables                                                                         482,439              453,605
            Accruals                                                                               105,730               59,645


                                                                                                   588,169              513,250


            Other payables are non-interest-bearing and have an average term of three months.

      26.   CONTRACT LIABILITIES

            Details of contract liabilities as at March 31, 2021 and March 31, 2020 are as follows:

                                                                                                 March 31,            March 31,
                                                                                                       2021                2020
                                                                                                  RMB’000              RMB’000


            Pharmaceutical direct sales business                                                     62,559              43,291
            Digital infrastructure business                                                          66,454              66,696
            Medical and healthcare services business                                                 61,528              61,293


                                                                                                   190,541              171,280


            Contract liabilities include short-term advances received for the provision of digital infrastructure and advertising
            related services. The increase in contract liabilities as at March 31, 2020 and 2021 was mainly due to the
            incentive policy of early collection and increasing scale of services.
                                                                         ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2021 Annual Report   197




                                                                                        NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

                                                                                                                        March 31, 2021

27.   DEFERRED TAX

      Deferred tax liabilities

                                                                    Fair value         Fair value
                                                                adjustment of      adjustment of        Distributable
                                                                        equity             equity      profits of the
                                                                investments at    investments at        Group’s PRC
                                                                        FVOCI               FVPL          associates                Total
                                                                     RMB’000            RMB’000             RMB’000             RMB’000


      At April 1, 2019                                                      —                840              10,837              11,677
      Deferred tax charged to the statement of profit or loss
         (note 9)                                                           —                (475)             4,011               3,536
      Deferred tax charged to other comprehensive income                 4,616                 —                  —                4,616


      Gross deferred tax liabilities at March 31, 2020 and
         April 1, 2020                                                   4,616               365              14,848              19,829
      Deferred tax charged to the statement of profit or loss
         (note 9)                                                           —             12,554               6,670              19,224
      Deferred tax charged to other comprehensive income                  269                 —                   —                  269


      Gross deferred tax liabilities at March 31, 2021                   4,885            12,919              21,518              39,322


                                                                                                            2021                   2020
                                                                                                      RMB’000                 RMB’000


      Deferred tax liabilities recognized in the consolidated statement of
         financial position                                                                              (39,322)               (19,829)
198   ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2021 Annual Report




      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

      March 31, 2021

      27.   DEFERRED TAX (CONTINUED)

            Deferred tax liabilities (continued)

            Deferred tax assets have not been recognized in respect of the following items:

                                                                                                      2021                2020
                                                                                                 RMB’000              RMB’000


            Tax losses                                                                           1,253,530             475,524
            Deductible temporary differences                                                       249,953             149,632


                                                                                                 1,503,483             625,156


            The Group has tax losses arising in Hong Kong of approximately RMB13,057,000 (2020: RMB8,826,000) that
            are available indefinitely for offsetting against future taxable profits of the companies in which the losses arose.
            The Group also has tax losses arising in Mainland China of RMB1,240,473,000 (2020: RMB466,698,000) that
            will expire in one to five years for offsetting against future taxable profits. Deferred tax assets have not been
            recognized in respect of these losses and other deductible temporary differences as they have arisen in
            subsidiaries that have been loss-making for some time and it is not considered probable that taxable profits will
            be available against which the tax losses can be utilized.

            Pursuant to the PRC Corporate Income Tax Law, a 10% withholding tax is levied on dividends declared to
            foreign investors from the foreign investment enterprises established in Mainland China. The requirement is
            effective from January 1, 2008 and applies to earnings after March 31, 2007. A lower withholding tax rate may
            be applied if there is a tax treaty between Mainland China and the jurisdiction of the foreign investors. For the
            Group, the applicable rate is 5%. The Group is therefore liable to withholding taxes on dividends distributed by
            those subsidiaries, joint venture and associates established in Mainland China in respect of earnings generated
            from January 1, 2008.

            At March 31, 2021, no deferred tax has been recognized for withholding taxes that would be payable on the
            unremitted earnings that are subject to withholding taxes of the Group’s subsidiaries established in Mainland
            China. In the opinion of the directors, it is not probable that these subsidiaries will distribute such earnings in
            the foreseeable future. The aggregate amount of temporary differences associated with investments in
            subsidiaries in Mainland China for which deferred tax liabilities have not been recognized totalled approximately
            RMB282,696,000 at March 31, 2021 (2020: RMB112,197,000). At March 31, 2021, there were unremitted
            earnings shared by the Group of approximately RMB97,406,000 (2020: RMB89,954,000) from the Group’s
            associates established in Mainland China in respect of earnings generated from January 1, 2008.

            There are no income tax consequences attaching to the payment of dividends by the Company to its
            shareholders.
                                                                      ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2021 Annual Report   199




                                                                                     NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

                                                                                                                     March 31, 2021

28.   SHARE CAPITAL

      Shares

                                                                                                         2021                   2020
                                                                                                   RMB’000                 RMB’000


      13,487,965,042 (2020: 12,074,135,224) ordinary shares of
         HK$0.01 each                                                                                118,859                106,108


      A summary of movements in the Company’s share capital is as follows:

                                                  Number of
                                              shares in issue   Share capital   Share premium Treasury shares                 Total
                                                                    RMB’000           RMB’000           RMB’000           RMB’000


      At March 31 and April 1, 2019           11,710,892,714         102,898        19,966,843            (25,052)       20,044,689
      Issue of shares for RSUs to be vested
         in subsequent periods (note a)           34,933,810             315                —                (315)               —
      Repurchase of shares (note b)                       —               —                 —             (17,814)          (17,814)
      Vested awarded shares transferred to
         employees (note c)                                —               —           215,335            30,142            245,477
      Share options exercised (note d)            25,332,700             228           164,641                —             164,869
      Issue of shares (note e)                   302,976,000           2,667         1,997,913                 —          2,000,580


      At March 31, 2020                       12,074,135,224         106,108        22,344,732            (13,039)       22,437,801


      At March 31 and April 1, 2020           12,074,135,224         106,108        22,344,732            (13,039)       22,437,801
      Issue of shares for RSUs to be vested
         in subsequent periods (note a)           37,800,000             321                —                (321)               —
      Repurchase of shares (note b)                       —               —                 —             (39,580)          (39,580)
      Vested awarded shares transferred to
         employees (note c)                                —               —           123,627            30,675            154,302
      Share options exercised (note d)            16,402,500             147           114,809                —             114,956
      Issue of shares (note f)                  1,359,627,318         12,283        20,698,113                 —         20,710,396


      At March 31, 2021                       13,487,965,042         118,859        43,281,281            (22,265)       43,377,875
200   ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2021 Annual Report




      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

      March 31, 2021

      28.   SHARE CAPITAL (CONTINUED)

            Shares (continued)

            Notes:


            a.       In June 2020, September 2020 and March 2021, 37,800,000 shares of HK$0.01 each were issued for restricted share units to be vested
                     for non-connected persons. (In September 2019, December 2019 and February 2020, 34,933,810 shares of HK$0.01 each were issued
                     for restricted share units to be vested for non-connected persons.)


            b.       In March 2021, 2,000,000 shares of HK$0.01 each were repurchased for restricted share units to be vested for connected persons at
                     a total cash consideration of RMB39,580,000. (In May 2019, June 2019, July 2019 and March 2020, 2,413,200 shares of HK$0.01
                     each were repurchased for restricted share units to be vested for connected persons at a total cash consideration of RMB17,814,000.)


            c.       Upon vesting of restricted share units for the year ended March 31, 2021, 30,990,000 issued shares were transferred to non-connected
                     persons and 2,353,000 repurchased shares were transferred to connected persons, respectively. (Upon vesting of restricted share units
                     for the year ended March 31, 2020, 53,613,000 issued shares were transferred to non-connected persons and 3,981,000 repurchased
                     shares were transferred to connected persons, respectively.)


            d.       Certain employees exercised share options from April 2020 to March 2021. The total number of options exercised was 16,402,500.
                     (Certain employees exercised share options from April 2019 to March 2020. The total number of options exercised was 25,332,700.)


            e.       On July 12, 2019, 302,976,000 shares were issued to Ali JK Nutritional Products Holding Limited (“Ali JK”) and Antfin (Hong Kong)
                     Holding Limited (“Antfin”). Ali JK and Antfin are connected persons of the Company. The transaction constituted a connected
                     transaction of the Company in accordance with the Listing Rules. For details of the transaction, please refer to the announcement of
                     the Company dated May 23, 2019.


            f.       On April 9, 2020, 860,874,200 shares were issued to Ali JK. This constituted connected transaction of the Company in accordance with
                     the Listing Rules. For details of the transaction, please refer to the announcement of the Company dated February 7, 2020.


                     On August 5, 2020, the Company entered into a placing agreement with the placing agents in relation to the placing of an aggregate
                     of 498,753,118 new shares at the placing price of HK$20.05 per placing share. On August 12, 2020, a total of 498,753,118 new
                     shares have been successfully placed, the gross proceeds were HK$10,000,000,000 and the net proceeds were HK$9,964,200,000
                     (approximately RMB8,917,172,000). For details of the placing, please refer to announcements of the Company dated August 5, 2020
                     and August 12, 2020.
                                                                ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2021 Annual Report   201




                                                                               NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

                                                                                                               March 31, 2021

29.   SHARE-BASED COMPENSATION COSTS

      Share award scheme

      On November 24, 2014 (the “Adoption Date”), the Group adopted a share award scheme for the purpose of
      providing incentives and rewards to eligible participants who contribute to the success of the Group’s
      operations. An award (“Award”) granted under the Share Award Scheme may either take the form of a RSU,
      being a contingent right to receive shares of the Company which are awarded under the Share Award
      Schemes or an option to subscribe for or acquire shares of the Company which are granted under the Share
      Award Scheme.

      Share options and RSUs granted to a director, chief executive or substantial shareholder of the Company, or
      to any of their associates, are subject to approval in advance by the independent non-executive directors. All
      grants of share options and RSUs to connected persons shall be subject to compliance with the requirements
      of the Listing Rules, including the prior approval of the shareholders according to Chapter 14A of the Listing
      Rules. For the avoidance of doubt, any grant of share options to any connected person of the Company is fully
      exempted from the compliance with Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules pursuant to Rule 14A.92 of the Listing
      Rules. Any grant of RSUs to any connected person of the Company will constitute a connected transaction of
      the Company and shall therefore be subject to compliance with Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules (unless an
      exemption applies).

      In addition, any share options and RSUs granted to a substantial shareholder or an independent non-executive
      director of the Company, or to any of their associates, in excess of 0.1% of the shares of the Company in
      issue at any time or with an aggregate value (based on the price of the Company’s shares at the date of
      grant) in excess of HK$5 million, within any 12-month period, are subject to shareholders’ approval in advance
      in a general meeting.

      The exercise price of share options is determinable by the directors, but may not be less than the highest of (i)
      the Stock Exchange closing price of the Company’s shares on the date of offer of the share options; (ii) the
      average Stock Exchange closing price of the Company’s shares for the five trading days immediately preceding
      the date of offer and (iii) the nominal value of the shares.

      The total number of shares in respect of which Awards may be granted under the Share Award Scheme and
      any other share award schemes of the Company shall not exceed 3% of the shares in issue as at the
      Adoption Date (the “Scheme Mandate Limit”), or 3% of the shares in issue as at the new approval date of the
      renewed Scheme Mandate Limit. There are no other restrictions specified under Chapter 17 of the Listing Rules
      on the maximum number of shares to be granted to each eligible participants under the Share Award Scheme.

      The Awards do not confer rights on the holders to dividends or to vote at shareholders’ meetings.
202   ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2021 Annual Report




      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

      March 31, 2021

      29.   SHARE-BASED COMPENSATION COSTS (CONTINUED)

            Share award scheme (continued)

            Movements in the number of Awards granted under the Share Award Scheme during the year and their related
            weighted average fair values are as follows:

                                                                         Weighted average
                                                                         exercise price of     Number of      Number of
                                                                            share options    share options        RSUs
                                                                            HK$ per share             ’000         ’000


            Outstanding at April 1, 2019                                             5.00           63,072      110,648
            Granted during the year                                                    —                —        47,708
            Forfeited or lapsed during the year                                      5.70           (9,060)      (15,001)
            Exercised or vested during the year                                      4.93          (25,333)      (57,594)


            Outstanding at March 31 and April 1, 2020                                4.84           28,679       85,761


            Granted during the year                                                 19.92            6,698       23,847
            Forfeited or lapsed during the year                                      6.91           (1,694)      (14,225)
            Exercised or vested during the year                                      5.20          (16,403)      (33,343)


            Outstanding at March 31, 2021                                           10.14           17,280       62,040


            The weighted average grant date fair value per unit for share options at March 31, 2021 was RMB4.88 (2020:
            RMB2.23) and the weighted average grant date fair value per unit for RSUs at March 31, 2021 was
            RMB10.85 (2020: RMB6.50).

            For share options outstanding at the end of the reporting period, the exercise prices ranged from HK$3.61 to
            HK$19.94 per share. The exercise period of the share options is from the vesting date to 10 years from the
            grant date. 17,280,000 share options of the Group were outstanding as at March 31, 2021 with the weighted
            average remaining contractual life of 7.21 years (2020: 7.16 years).

            As at March 31, 2021, the remaining vesting periods for the share options and RSUs granted ranged from 3
            month to 48 months (2020: 3 months to 48 months).
                                                                ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2021 Annual Report   203




                                                                               NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

                                                                                                               March 31, 2021

29.   SHARE-BASED COMPENSATION COSTS (CONTINUED)

      Share award scheme (continued)

      There were no share options granted during the year ended March 31, 2020. The fair value of share options
      granted during the year ended March 31, 2021 was estimated as at the date of grant, using a binomial model,
      taking into account the terms and conditions upon which the share options were granted. The following table
      lists the inputs to the model used:

                                                                                                              Share options
                                                                                                            granted in 2021


      Fair value of the Company’s shares as at the grant date                                           HK$9.34~HK$11.13
      Expected volatility (%)                                                                                                65
      Expected dividend (%)                                                                                               0.00
      Exercise multiple                                                                                                1.5~2.6
      Exercise price                                                                                  HK$18.66~HK$19.94
      Risk-free interest rate (%)                                                                                           0.5
      Forfeiture rate (%)                                                                                               14~20

      The expected volatility reflects the assumption that the historical volatility is indicative of future trends, which
      may also not necessarily be the actual outcome.

      The fair values of the RSUs granted during the years ended March 31, 2021 were determined based on the
      market value of the Company’s shares at the respective grant dates.

      The fair values of RSUs granted by Alibaba Group to employees transferred from other entities of Alibaba
      Group to the Company were measured with reference to Alibaba Group’s closing share price of the
      employment transfer date. The Company is obligated to pay a cash consideration to Alibaba Group for such
      employees’ service period at the Group on a pro rata basis when these RSUs were vested.
204   ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2021 Annual Report




      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

      March 31, 2021

      29.   SHARE-BASED COMPENSATION COSTS (CONTINUED)

            Share award scheme (continued)

            Total share-based compensation expenses recorded by the Group under the Group’s Share Award Scheme
            and Alibaba Group’s Share Award Scheme are as follows:

                                                                                                  2021             2020
                                                                                               RMB’000         RMB’000


            Cost of revenue                                                                      16,512           8,893
            Sales and marketing expenses                                                        121,358         102,039
            Administrative expenses                                                              90,321          74,339
            Product development expenses                                                        138,642          72,729
            Fulfilment                                                                           30,126          19,139


            Total                                                                               396,959         277,139


            At the end of the reporting year, the Company had approximately 17,280,000 share options and 62,040,000
            RSUs outstanding under the Share Award Scheme, which represented approximately 0.59% of the Company’s
            shares in issue as at that date. The exercise in full of the outstanding share options and RSUs, under the
            present capital structure of the Company, would result in the issue of approximately 63,191,000 additional
            ordinary shares of the Company and additional share capital of HK$631,910 (equivalent to approximately
            RMB551,688) (before issue expenses), the purchase of 663,000 existing shares from the market and the
            release of 15,466,000 shares from treasury shares.

            The Company recognized share-based compensation expenses of RMB55,492,000 for awards under Alibaba
            Group’s Share Award Scheme for the year ended March 31, 2021 (2020: Nil) with a corresponding payable of
            RMB55,492,000 due to Alibaba Group recorded at the end of the reporting year (2020: Nil).

      30.   RESERVES

            The amounts of the Group’s reserves and the movements therein for the current and prior years are presented
            in the consolidated statement of changes in equity on page 119 to page 120 of the annual report.

            The Group’s contributed surplus represents the excess of the nominal value of the shares of the subsidiaries
            acquired pursuant to the Group reorganization over the nominal value of the Company’s shares issued in
            exchange therefor.

            General reserve represents the share of PRC statutory reserves from the joint venture before the year ended
            March 31, 2013 and subsidiaries for the year. PRC statutory reserves are required to be maintained under the
            relevant PRC laws applicable to the joint venture and subsidiaries of the Group.
                                                              ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2021 Annual Report   205




                                                                             NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

                                                                                                             March 31, 2021

31.   BUSINESS COMBINATION

      (A)   Business combination under common control

            The Group adopts merger accounting for common control combinations in respect of the following
            transaction:

            On April 9, 2020, the Group acquired a 100% equity interest in Ali JK ZNS Limited and its subsidiaries,
            Ali JK ZNS (HK) Limited, and Hangzhou Defu Health Management Co., Ltd.^ (杭州得賦健康管理有限公
            司), (collectively referred to as the “Ali JK ZNS Group”) from Ali JK Nutritional Products Holding Limited,
            (the “Vendor”), a direct-wholly-owned subsidiary of Alibaba Holding. As the Company and Ali JK ZNS
            Group are under the common control of Alibaba Holding before and after the acquisition, the business
            combination has been accounted as a business combination under common control using merger
            accounting.

            The consideration of HK$8,075.0 million was satisfied by the Company issuing 860,874,200 shares on
            April 9, 2020 to the Vendor. The fair value of these consideration shares was HK$12,982.0 million
            (approximately RMB11,793.2 million) based on the market price of HK$15.08 per ordinary share as at
            April 9, 2020. The difference of RMB11,791.8 million between the fair value of consideration shares
            issued of approximately RMB11,793.2 million and the carrying amount of approximately RMB1.4 million of
            the net assets of the Ali JK ZNS Group at the acquisition date is recognized in the merger reserve. Ali JK
            ZNS Group was established by the Vendor to hold the business which comprises: (i) all merchant
            relationships with the target merchants for the sale of target products and services on Tmall.com and (ii)
            certain relevant marketing and operations personnel managing the relationships with the target merchants.
            The business earns commissions from merchants when sales of target products on Tmall.com were
            completed.

            Since the acquisition, the Ali JK ZNS Group contributed RMB204,686,000 to the Group’s revenue and
            profit of RMB109,134,000 to the consolidated profit for the year ended March 31, 2021.

32.   NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS

      (a)   Major non-cash transactions

            During the year, except for the transactions disclosed in note 17 to the consolidated financial
            statements， the Group had non-cash additions to right-of-use assets and lease liabilities of
            RMB2,974,000 (2020: RMB31,227,000) and RMB2,974,000 (2020: RMB31,227,000), respectively, in
            respect of lease arrangements for plant and equipment.
206   ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2021 Annual Report




      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

      March 31, 2021

      32.   NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS (CONTINUED)

            (b)    Changes in liabilities arising from financing activities

                                                                                                    2021                 2020
                                                                                        Lease liabilities     Lease liabilities
                                                                                               RMB’000              RMB’000


                   Carrying amount at April 1,                                                    69,755                    —
                   Effect of adoption of HKFRS 16                                                     —                68,301


                   Carrying amount at April 1, (restated)                                         69,755               68,301
                   Changes from financing cash flows                                             (31,616)             (29,773)
                   New leases                                                                      2,974               31,227
                   Interest expense                                                                2,449                3,133
                   Interest paid classified as operating cash flows                                (2,449)             (3,133)
                   Covid-19-related rent concessions from lessors                                    (189)                 —
                   Revision of a lease term arising from a change in
                       the non-cancellable period of a lease                                       (3,184)                  —


                   Carrying amount at March 31,                                                   37,740               69,755


            (c)    Total cash outflow for leases

                   The total cash outflow for leases included in the statement of cash flows is as follows:

                                                                                                    2021                 2020
                                                                                               RMB’000              RMB’000


                   Within operating activities                                                     2,766                3,769
                   Within financing activities                                                    31,616               29,773


                                                                                                  34,382               33,542
                                                                  ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2021 Annual Report   207




                                                                                 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

                                                                                                                 March 31, 2021

33.   DISPOSAL OF A SUBSIDIARY

                                                                                                                            2021
                                                                                                    Note              RMB’000


      Net assets disposed of:
         Property, plant and equipment                                                                12                   9,649
         Other receivables and other assets                                                                                     3
         Cash and bank balances                                                                                           10,606
         Trade and bills receivables                                                                                       3,807
         Prepayments and other receivables                                                                                 6,657
         Trade payables                                                                                                  (29,756)
         Accruals and other payables                                                                                     (53,226)
         Non-controlling interests                                                                                        10,452


                                                                                                                         (41,808)
      Gain on disposal of a subsidiary                                                                5                   70,608


                                                                                                                          28,800


      Satisfied by:
         Equity                                                                                                           28,800


      During the year ended March 31, 2021, the Group entered into an agreement with Laiweilai to transfer its 80%
      equity interest in Seenew Medical to make in-kind contribution equivalent to RMB28,800,000 for capital
      injection in Laiweilai. For more details, please refer to Note 17(vi).
208   ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2021 Annual Report




      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

      March 31, 2021

      34.   COMMITMENTS

            (a)    Capital commitments

                   The Group had the following capital commitments at the end of the reporting period:

                                                                                           March 31,        March 31,
                                                                                               2021             2020
                                                                                            RMB’000         RMB’000

                   Contracted, but not provided for:
                     Capital contribution payable to joint ventures                           167,500         167,500


            (b)    The Group had no lease contracts that have not yet commenced as at March 31, 2021.

      35.   RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS

            (I)    Transactions with related parties

                   In addition to the transactions detailed elsewhere in these financial statements, the Group had the
                   following material transactions with related parties during the year:

                                                                                               2021             2020
                                                                            Notes           RMB’000          RMB’000

                   Services and products received from related parties:
                     Share-based compensation paid to connected
                         persons for the services provided                    (i)              (29,409)        (27,923)
                     Cloud computing services received from
                         Alibaba Cloud                                        (ii)              (4,573)         (5,798)
                     Internet information and other related services
                         received from relevant entities of Alibaba Group    (iii)           (301,227)       (262,471)
                     Shared services received from Alibaba Group             (iv)            (262,096)       (103,352)
                     Marketing services received from Alibaba Group          (v)             (378,573)       (188,872)
                     Logistics and warehouse services received from
                         a subsidiary of Alibaba Holding                     (vi)            (242,467)       (103,550)
                     Payment services received from Alipay                   (vii)            (66,093)         (40,385)
                     Technical services received from Tmall Entities@
                         regarding Blue Cap Health Food                      (viii)            (69,456)        (59,745)
                     Technical services received from Tmall Entities
                         regarding medical devices, healthcare products,
                         adult products, and medical and healthcare
                         services                                            (ix)            (794,555)       (500,520)
                     Technical services received from Tmall Entities
                         regarding Tmall Products and Services# and
                         Tmall Global Products and Services                  (x)             (177,865)              —
                     Products received from Alibaba Group                    (xi)             (10,118)         (30,058)
                     Business sourcing and promotion services from
                         Koubei                                              (xii)             (27,030)             —
                                                                               ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2021 Annual Report    209




                                                                                                   NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

                                                                                                                              March 31, 2021

35.   RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (CONTINUED)

      (I)   Transactions with related parties (continued)

                                                                                                               2021                    2020
                                                                                        Notes               RMB’000                 RMB’000

            Services and products provided to related parties:
              Products provided to Alibaba Group                                          (xi)                     161                  1,588
              Products provided to associates of the Group                               (xiii)                 12,624                 47,060
              Incentive fee received from a subsidiary of Alibaba
                  Holding                                                                (xiv)                      103                  2,911
              Outsourced and value-added services provided to
                  Taobao Group                                                            (xv)                105,676                  93,816
              Tracking related services provided to a subsidiary
                  of Alibaba Holding                                                     (xvi)                   1,576                   1,955
              Rent received from a subsidiary of Alibaba Holding                         (xvii)                  7,384                   8,057
              Service fees of software services received from
                  Taobao Group                                                           (xviii)                34,248                       —

            Others:
              Interest expense to Alibaba Holding                                                                  —                  (20,775)
              Subscription Agreement with Antfin and Ali JK                         (note 28(e/f))         11,793,224              2,000,580
              Loans to a joint venture                                                                          2,500
              Acquisition of equity interest of Laiweilai from
                 associates of a non-executive Director                                  (xix)                216,000                        —
              Disposal of an equity investment to an associate                                                       —                 53,042

            @        Zhejiang Tmall Network Co., Ltd.^ (浙江天貓網絡有限公司) and Zhejiang Tmall Technology Co., Ltd.^ (浙江天貓技術有限公司).


            #        Tmall Products and Services are comprised of pharmaceutical products, medical purpose food products, medical devices, adult
                     products, healthcare products, medical and healthcare services and the target Blue Cap Health Food sold through Tmall
                     Supermarket only.


                     Tmall Global Products and Services are comprised of pharmaceutical products, medical devices, healthcare products, medical
                     purpose food products, medical and healthcare services.


            Notes:


            (i)      On June 14, 2019, the Company granted 1,436,000 RSUs to four connected persons of the Company under the Share Award
                     Scheme. Further details of the transaction were set out in the announcement of the Company dated June 14, 2019.


                     On June 15, 2020, the Company granted 3,482,500 options and 733,000 RSUs to four connected persons of the Company
                     under the Share Award Scheme. Further details of the transaction were set out in the announcement of the Company dated
                     June 15, 2020.


                     On September 15, 2020, the Company granted 119,000 options and 47,600 RSUs to one connected person under the Share
                     Award Scheme. Further details of the transaction were set out in the announcement of the Company dated September 15,
                     2020.
210   ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2021 Annual Report




      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

      March 31, 2021

      35.   RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (CONTINUED)

            (I)    Transactions with related parties (continued)

                   Notes: (continued)


                   (ii)    On March 27, 2020, Alibaba Health Technology (China) Co., Ltd.^ (阿里健康科技（中國）有限公司) (“Alibaba Health (China)”), an
                           indirect-wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, and Alibaba Cloud Computing Ltd.^ (阿里雲計算有限公司) (“Alibaba Cloud”),
                           a consolidated entity of Alibaba Holding, renewed the 2020 Cloud Computing Services Agreement by entering into the 2021
                           Cloud Computing Services Agreement for a term of one year from April 1, 2020 to March 31, 2021, pursuant to which Alibaba
                           Cloud provided various cloud computing services and other related services to the Group. Further details of the transaction
                           were set out in the announcement of the Company dated March 27, 2020.


                           On March 30, 2021, the same parties entered into the 2022 Cloud Computing Services Framework Agreement for a term of
                           one year from April 1, 2021 to March 31, 2022. Further details of the transaction were set out in the announcement of the
                           Company dated March 30, 2021.


                   (iii)   On February 7, 2020, Alibaba Holding and the Company renewed the 2020 Platform Services Framework Agreement by entering
                           into the 2021 Platform Services Framework Agreement, for a term of one year commencing on April 1, 2020 to March 31,
                           2021, pursuant to which the AGH relevant entities# provided to the Group Internet information related software technical
                           services and other related services. Further details of the transaction were set out in the announcement of the Company dated
                           February 7, 2020. The transaction was approved by the Company’s independent shareholders at a special general meeting.


                           On February 5, 2021, the same parties entered into the 2022 Platform Services Framework Agreement for a term of one year
                           from April 1, 2021 to March 31, 2022. Further details of the transaction were set out in the announcement of the Company
                           dated February 5, 2021. The transaction was approved by the Company’s independent shareholders at a special general
                           meeting.


                           #
                                  AGH relevant entities refers to Alibaba Holding and its subsidiaries, including but not limited to Alibaba (China) Technology
                                  Co., Ltd.^ (阿里巴巴（中國）網絡技術有限公司), Hangzhou Alibaba Advertising Co., Ltd.^ (杭州阿里巴巴廣告有限公司),
                                  Alibaba (China) Software Co., Ltd.^ (阿里巴巴（中國）軟件有限公司), Zhejiang Taobao Network Co., Ltd.^ (浙江淘寶網絡
                                  有限公司), Taobao (China) Software Co., Ltd.^ (淘寶（中國）軟件有限公司), Ecart Services Malaysia Sdn. Bhd., Lazada
                                  Singapore Pte. Ltd., Lazada Ltd., Lazada E-Services Philippines, Inc., PT. Ecart Webportal Indonesia, Recess Company
                                  Limited, Kobron Hong Kong Development Limited, Taobao China Holding Limited (“Taobao China”), Alibaba.com
                                  Singapore E-Commerce Private Limited (“Alibaba Singapore”), Zhejiang Alibaba Communication Technology Co., Ltd.^ (浙
                                  江阿里巴巴通信技術有限公司), DingTalk Technology Co., Ltd.^ (釘釘科技有限公司), DingTalk (China) Information
                                  Technology Co., Ltd.^ (釘釘（中國）信息技術有限公司), Tmall Technology and Tmall Network and their subsidiaries,
                                  collectively.
                                                                             ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2021 Annual Report          211




                                                                                              NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

                                                                                                                                 March 31, 2021

35.   RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (CONTINUED)

      (I)   Transactions with related parties (continued)

            Notes: (continued)


            (iv)   On March 27, 2020, Alibaba Holding and the Company renewed the 2020 Shared Services Agreement by entering into the 2021
                   Shared Services Agreement for a term of one year from April 1, 2020 to March 31, 2021, pursuant to which Alibaba Holding
                   procured relevant Alibaba Service Providers# to provide to the Group with the shared services. Further details of the transaction
                   were set out in the announcement of the Company dated March 27, 2020.


                   On March 30, 2021, the same parties entered into the 2022 Shared Services Agreement for a term of one year from April 1,
                   2021 to March 31, 2022. Further details of the transaction were set out in the announcement of the Company dated March
                   30, 2021.


                   #
                           Alibaba Service Providers refers to Alibaba Holding, persons controlled by it and persons under the common control of
                           Alibaba Holding, and any other persons designated by Alibaba Holding.


            (v)    On February 7, 2020, Alibaba Holding and the Company renewed the 2020 Advertising Services Framework Agreement by entering
                   into the 2021 Advertising Services Framework Agreement for a term of one year from April 1, 2020 to March 31, 2021,
                   pursuant to which Alibaba Group provided to the Group certain advertising services, and the Group paid Alibaba Group the
                   advertising fees. Further details of the transaction were set out in the announcement of the Company dated February 7, 2020.
                   The transaction was approved by the Company’s independent shareholders at a special general meeting.


                   On February 5, 2021, the same parties entered into the 2022 Advertising Services Framework Agreement for a term of one year
                   from April 1, 2021 to March 31, 2022. Further details of the transaction were set out in the announcement of the Company
                   dated February 5, 2021. The transaction was approved by the Company’s independent shareholders at a special general
                   meeting.


            (vi)   On February 7, 2020, Hangzhou Cainiao Supply Chain Management Co., Ltd.^ (杭州菜鳥供應鏈管理有限公司) (“Hangzhou
                   Cainiao”), an indirect-non-wholly-owned subsidiary of Alibaba Holding, and Alibaba Health (Hong Kong) Technology Company
                   Limited (“Alibaba Health (HK)”), an indirect-wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, renewed the 2020 Logistics Services
                   Framework Agreement by entering into the 2021 Logistics Services Framework Agreement for a term of one year, from April 1,
                   2020 to March 31, 2021, pursuant to which Cainiao Group# provided various logistics services and other related services to the
                   Group. Further details of the transaction were set out in the announcement of the Company dated February 7, 2020. The
                   transaction was approved by the Company’s independent shareholders at a special general meeting.


                   On February 5, 2021, Hangzhou Cainiao and the Company entered into the 2022 Logistics Services Framework Agreement for
                   a term of one year from April 1, 2021 to March 31, 2022, pursuant to which Cainiao Group# shall provide various logistics
                   services and other related services to the Group. Further details of the transaction were set out in the announcement of the
                   Company dated February 5, 2021. The transaction was approved by the Company’s independent shareholders at a special
                   general meeting.


                   #
                           Cainiao Group refers to Hangzhou Cainiao and its subsidiaries and affiliates.
212   ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2021 Annual Report




      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

      March 31, 2021

      35.   RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (CONTINUED)

            (I)    Transactions with related parties (continued)

                   Notes: (continued)


                   (vii)    On March 27, 2020, the Company and Alipay.com Co., Ltd.^ (支付寶（中國）網絡技術有限公司) (“Alipay”), a wholly-owned
                            subsidiary of Ant Small and Micro Financial Services Group Co., Ltd. ^ (浙江螞蟻小微金融服務集團股份有限公司) (“Ant Financial”)
                            renewed the 2020 Payment Services Framework Agreement by entering into the 2021 Payment Services Framework Agreement
                            for a term of one year from April 1, 2020 to March 31, 2021, pursuant to which Alipay provided the Group payment,
                            settlement and other related services on the Alibaba Group Platforms, and the Group paid Alipay the relevant service fees.
                            Further details of the transaction were set out in the announcement of the Company dated March 27, 2020.


                            On March 30, 2021, the same parties entered into the 2022 Payment Services Framework Agreement for a term of one year
                            from April 1, 2021 to March 31, 2022. Further details of the transaction were set out in the announcement of the Company
                            dated March 30, 2021.


                   (viii)   On March 27, 2020, Alibaba Health Technology (Hangzhou) Co., Ltd.^ (阿里健康科技（杭州）有限公司)) (“Alibaba Health
                            (Hangzhou)”) (formerly known as Hangzhou Hengping Information Technology Co., Ltd.^ (杭州衡平信息科技有限公司)), an
                            indirect-wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, renewed the Framework Technical Services Agreement by entering into the
                            2021–2023 Framework Technical Services Agreement with the Tmall Entities for a term of three years from April 1, 2020 to
                            March 31, 2023, pursuant to which the Tmall Entities shall continue to provide infrastructure technical support, internet
                            information services and secondary domain names and other services to merchants on Tmall.com, who provide Blue Cap
                            Health Food products to customers (“Target Business I”). The Tmall Entities shall charge service fees of 50% of the total
                            software service fees received by the Target Business I from the relevant merchants on Tmall.com. Further details of the
                            transaction were set out in the announcement of the Company dated March 27, 2020.


                   (ix)     On May 28, 2018, Hangzhou Lukang Health Technology Co., Ltd.^ (杭州鹿康健康科技有限公司) (formerly known as Hangzhou
                            Hengping Health Technology Co., Ltd.^ (杭州衡憑健康科技有限公司)), an indirect-wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company,
                            entered into a second Framework Technical Services Agreement with the Tmall Entities, pursuant to which the Tmall Entities
                            continued to provide software technical services, internet information services and secondary domain names and other services
                            for the operation on Tmall.com in relation to certain categories of products and services (“Target Business II”). The Tmall Entities
                            charged service fees of total software service fees received by the Target Business II from the relevant merchants on
                            Tmall.com. The term of this Framework Technical Services Agreement commenced on the day following the completion of the
                            Target Business II acquisition under common control as described in note 34 of the Company’s financial statements for the year
                            ended March 31, 2020 and ended on March 31, 2021. Further details of the transaction were set out in the announcement of
                            the Company dated May 29, 2018. The transaction was approved by the Company’s independent shareholders at a special
                            general meeting.


                            On February 5, 2021, Alibaba Health (Hangzhou) and Alibaba Health Technology (Hainan) Co., Ltd.^ (阿里健康科技（海南）有限
                            公司) (“Alibaba Health (Hainan)”) entered into the 2022 Framework Technical Services Agreement with the Tmall Entities for a
                            term of one year from April 1, 2021 to March 31, 2022, pursuant to which Tmall Entities shall continue to provide software
                            technical services, internet information services and secondary domain names and other services for the operation on Tmall.com
                            in relation to Target Business II. Further details of the transaction were set out in the announcement of the Company dated
                            February 5, 2021. The transaction was approved by the Company’s independent shareholders at a special general meeting.
                                                                             ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2021 Annual Report          213




                                                                                              NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

                                                                                                                                 March 31, 2021

35.   RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (CONTINUED)

      (I)   Transactions with related parties (continued)

            Notes: (continued)


            (x)     On February 6, 2020, the Company entered into a third Framework Technical Services Agreement with Taobao Holding Limited
                    (“Taobao Holding”), a wholly-owned subsidiary of Alibaba Holding, pursuant to which Taobao Holding and its subsidiaries,
                    including the Tmall Entities and Taobao China, shall continue to provide infrastructure technical support for the operation of
                    Tmall.com and Tmall Global (the “Tmall Platforms”) including software technical support, internet information services and
                    secondary domain names and other services in respect of certain categories of products and services sold on the Tmall
                    Platforms (“Target Business III”). Taobao Holding and its subsidiaries shall charge service fees of 40% of software service fees
                    received by the Company from the target merchants for transactions of pharmaceutical products sales and 50% of the software
                    service fees received by the Company from the target merchants for transactions selling the target products and services other
                    than pharmaceutical products. The term of this Framework Technical Services Agreement commenced on the day following the
                    completion of the Target Business III acquisition under common control as described in note 31 of the Company’s financial
                    statements and ended on March 31, 2023. Further details of the transaction were set out in the announcement of the
                    Company dated February 6, 2020. The transaction was approved by the Company’s independent shareholders at a special
                    general meeting.


            (xi)    On March 27, 2020, the Company and Alibaba.com Singapore E-commerce Private Limited (“Alibaba Singapore”), an indirect-
                    wholly-owned subsidiary of Alibaba Holding renewed the 2020 Supply and Purchase Framework Agreement by entering into the
                    2021 Supply and Purchase Framework Agreement for a term of one year from April 1, 2020 to March 31, 2021, pursuant to
                    which the Company shall procure the Group to supply and/or purchase various products to or from Alibaba Group on the
                    platforms or stores operated by Alibaba Group. The Group will also provide other related services including daily maintenance,
                    inventory control, pricing, promotional activities and packaging in accordance with the standard agreements and terms as
                    agreed by the parties from time to time. Further details of the transaction were set out in the announcement of the Company
                    dated March 27, 2020.


            (xii)   On January 3, 2020, Alibaba Health (China) and Koubei (Shanghai) Information Technology Co., Ltd.^ (口碑 (上海) 信息技術有
                    限公司) (“Koubei”), a consolidated entity of Alibaba Holding entered into the Koubei Services Framework Agreement for a term
                    commencing from January 3, 2020 to March 31, 2021, pursuant to which Koubei Shanghai, via the Group, provided business
                    sourcing and promotion services (including system software services and other payable services) to merchants under certain
                    product categories referred by the Group, and in return the Group paid the relevant service fees to Koubei. Further details of
                    the transaction were set out in the announcement of the Company dated January 3, 2020.


                    On March 30, 2021, the same parties entered into the 2022 Koubei Services Framework Agreement for a term of one year
                    from April 1, 2021 to March 31, 2022, pursuant to which each party shall refer merchants providing certain categories of
                    products and services to the other party for registering with platforms operated by such other party. Further details of the
                    transaction were set out in the announcement of the Company dated March 30, 2021.
214   ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2021 Annual Report




      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

      March 31, 2021

      35.   RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (CONTINUED)

            (I)    Transactions with related parties (continued)

                   Notes: (continued)


                   (xiii)   The products provided to associates were provided with prices and on conditions offered to major customers.


                   (xiv)    On March 27, 2020, Hangzhou Alimama Software Services Co., Ltd.^ (杭州阿里媽媽軟件服務有限公司) (“Alimama”), an indirect-
                            wholly-owned subsidiary of Alibaba Holding, Shanghai Quan Tudou Cultural Communications Company Limited^ (上海全土豆文
                            化傳播有限公司) (“Youku”), a subsidiary of Alibaba Holding, and Alibaba Health (HK), renewed the 2020 Agency Agreement by
                            entering into the 2021 Agency Agreement for a term of one year from April 1, 2020 to March 31, 2021, pursuant to which
                            Alibaba Health (HK) referred Alibaba Health Group#’s contracted clients to purchase marketing and advertising services from
                            Alimama and/or its affiliates. As the marketing agent, the Group shall be entitled to receive certain incentive fees. Further details
                            of the transaction were set out in the announcement of the Company dated March 27, 2020.


                            On March 30, 2021, the same parties entered into the 2022 Agency Agreement for a term of one year from April 1, 2021 to
                            March 31, 2022. Further details of the transaction were set out in the announcement of the Company dated March 30, 2021.


                            #
                                   Alibaba Health Group refers to Alibaba Health (HK) and its subsidiaries.


                   (xv)     On March 27, 2020, Taobao Holding and Alibaba Health Information Technology (Beijing) Co., Ltd.^ (阿里健康信息技術（北京）
                            有限公司), an indirect-wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, renewed the 2020 Outsourced Services Agreement by entering
                            into the 2021 Outsourced Services Framework Agreement for a term of one year, from April 1, 2020 to March 31, 2021,
                            pursuant to which the Group provided certain outsourced and value-added services in accordance with the terms and
                            conditions of the services agreement to Taobao Group#. Further details of the transaction were set out in the announcement of
                            the Company dated March 27, 2020.


                            On March 30, 2021, Taobao Holding and Alibaba Health (Hainan) entered into the 2022 Outsourced Services Framework
                            Agreement for a term of one year from April 1, 2021 to March 31, 2022, pursuant to which Alibaba Health (Hainan) agreed to
                            provide certain outsourced and value-added services in accordance with the terms and conditions of the services agreement to
                            Taobao Group. Further details of the transaction were set out in the announcement of the Company dated March 30, 2021.


                            #
                                   Taobao Group refers to Taobao Holding and its subsidiaries and affiliates.
                                                                                 ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2021 Annual Report            215




                                                                                                   NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

                                                                                                                                       March 31, 2021

35.   RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (CONTINUED)

      (I)   Transactions with related parties (continued)

            Notes: (continued)


            (xvi)     On March 27, 2020, Alibaba Health (HK) and Taobao China, an indirect-wholly-owned subsidiary of Alibaba Holding renewed the
                      2020 Tracking Services Agreement by entering into the 2021 Tracking Services Framework Agreement for a term of one year
                      from April 1, 2020 to March 31, 2021, pursuant to which the Group provided services to Taobao China and its subsidiaries
                      which included but were not limited to the development, maintenance and operation of a tracking system with product tracking,
                      identification and certification functions. Further details of the transaction were set out in the announcement of the Company
                      dated March 27, 2020.


                      On March 30, 2021, the same parties entered into the 2022 Tracking Services Framework Agreement for a term of one year
                      from April 1, 2021 to March 31, 2022. Further details of the transaction were set out in the announcement of the Company
                      dated March 30, 2021.


            (xvii)    On April 15, 2019, Alibaba Health (China) and Taobao (China) Software Co., Ltd.^ (淘寶（中國）軟件有限公司) (“Taobao China
                      Software”), an indirect-wholly-owned subsidiary of Alibaba Holding entered into the Lease Agreement, pursuant to which Alibaba
                      Health (China) agreed to sublet the premises to Taobao China Software for a term commencing from April 15, 2019 to March
                      31, 2021 at a monthly rent of approximately RMB776,000 (inclusive of tax). Further details of the Lease Agreement were set out
                      in the announcement of the Company dated April 15, 2019.


            (xviii)   On May 5, 2020, the Company and Taobao Holding entered into the 2021 Software Services Framework Agreement for a term
                      commencing from May 5, 2020 to March 31, 2021, pursuant to which the Group, via Taobao Group, provided the merchants
                      under certain categories of products and services with software services on the Tmall Platforms. Taobao Group in return paid
                      the relevant service fees to the Group. Further details of the transaction were set out in the announcement of the Company
                      dated May 5, 2020.


                      On March 30, 2021, the same parties entered into the 2022 Software Services Framework Agreement for a term of one year
                      from April 1, 2021 to March 31, 2022. Further details of the transaction were set out in the announcement of the Company
                      dated March 30, 2021.


            (xix)     During the year ended March 31, 2021, the Group, through two of its wholly-owned subsidiaries, entered into a capital increase
                      agreement and an equity transfer agreement with Laiweilai and acquired 30% equity interests of Laiweilai, with consideration of
                      RMB216,000,000 in cash and 80% equity interest in Seenew Medical.


                      As two of the existing shareholders of Laiweilai, namely, Hangzhou Vision Plus Chuangheng Equity Investment Fund Partnership
                      Enterprise (Limited Partnership) (杭州圓璟創恒股權投資基金合夥企業（有限合夥）), Suzhou Vision Plus Equity Investment
                      Partnership Enterprise (Limited Partnership) (蘇州圓璟股權投資合夥企業（有限合夥）) are associates of Mr. Wu Yongming, a non-
                      executive Director, and are in turn the substantial shareholders of Laiweilai, the transactions contemplated under the capital
                      increase agreement and the equity transfer agreement thus constitute connected transactions of the Company in accordance
                      with the Listing Rules.


                      Except for item (xiii), the related party transactions in respect of the items above for the current year also constitute continuing
                      connected transactions or connected transactions as defined in Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.
216   ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2021 Annual Report




      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

      March 31, 2021

      35.   RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (CONTINUED)

            (II)    Outstanding balances with related parties:

                    In addition to the outstanding balances detailed elsewhere in these financial statements, the balances with
                    related parties as at March 31, 2021 and March 31, 2020 are listed below:

                                                                                                March 31,           March 31,
                                                                                                    2021                2020
                                                                                                 RMB’000            RMB’000


                    (1) Amounts due from related parties:
                        Subsidiaries of Alibaba Holding                                             70,046            132,215
                        Joint venture                                                                2,500                 —


                                                                                                    72,546            132,215


                    (2) Amounts due to related parties:
                        Subsidiaries of Alibaba Holding                                             44,829              2,462
                        Associates                                                                      —              61,004


                                                                                                    44,829             63,466


            (III)   Compensation of key management personnel of the Group

                                                                                                      2021               2020
                                                                                                 RMB’000             RMB’000


                    Short-term employee benefits                                                    12,504               9,012
                    Performance related bonuses                                                      5,023               3,662
                    Share-based compensation expenses                                               54,036             17,776
                    Pension scheme contributions                                                       395                 373


                    Total compensation paid to key management personnel                             71,958             30,823


                    Further details of directors’ and chief executive’s emoluments are included in note 7 to the financial
                    statements.
                                                                                    ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2021 Annual Report      217




                                                                                                     NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

                                                                                                                                         March 31, 2021

36.   FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS BY CATEGORY

      The carrying amounts of each of the categories of financial instruments as at the end of the reporting period
      are as follows:

      2021

      Financial assets

                                                  Financial assets at FVPL            Financial assets at FVOCI
                                             Designated as
                                           such upon initial          Held for                               Equity   Financial assets
                                                recognition             trading Debt investments       investments at amortised cost              Total
                                                  RMB’000             RMB’000          RMB’000            RMB’000            RMB’000          RMB’000


      Equity investment at FVOCI                         —                   —                —             163,212                —           163,212
      Trade receivables                                  —                   —                —                   —           300,178          300,178
      Bills receivable                                   —                   —            13,437                  —                —            13,437
      Financial assets included in other
          receivables and other assets                   —                   —                —                   —           459,293          459,293
      Financial investments at FVPL                 977,883              6,573                —                   —                —           984,456
      Cash and cash equivalents                          —                   —                —                   —        11,636,769        11,636,769
      Other receivables and other assets                 —                   —                —                   —             9,524             9,524


                                                    977,883              6,573            13,437            163,212        12,405,764        13,566,869



      Financial liabilities at amortised cost

                                                                                                                                           RMB’000


      Trade and bills payables                                                                                                             2,551,550
      Financial liabilities included in other payables and accruals                                                                          482,439


                                                                                                                                           3,033,989
218   ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2021 Annual Report




      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

      March 31, 2021

      36.   FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS BY CATEGORY (CONTINUED)

            2020

            Financial assets

                                                    Financial assets at FVPL        Financial assets at FVOCI
                                               Designated as                                                        Financial assets
                                              such upon initial        Held for          Debt             Equity       at amortised
                                                   recognition          trading    investments      investments                cost         Total
                                                    RMB’000           RMB’000       RMB’000           RMB’000             RMB’000        RMB’000


            Equity investment at FVOCI                      —                  —           —            173,456                  —        173,456
            Trade receivables                               —                  —           —                 —             292,370        292,370
            Bills receivable                                —                  —       32,171                   —               —          32,171
            Financial assets included in
                other receivables and other
                assets                                      —                  —           —                    —          264,625        264,625
            Financial investments at FVPL             455,890          409,373             —                    —               —         865,263
            Cash and cash equivalents                      —                —              —                    —        2,594,981      2,594,981
            Other receivables and other
                assets                                      —                  —           —                    —           21,732         21,732


                                                      455,890          409,373         32,171           173,456          3,173,708      4,244,598


            Financial liabilities at amortised cost

                                                                                                                                       RMB’000


            Trade and bills payables                                                                                                   1,865,526
            Financial liabilities included in other payables and accruals                                                               453,605


                                                                                                                                       2,319,131
                                                              ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2021 Annual Report   219




                                                                             NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

                                                                                                             March 31, 2021

37.   FAIR VALUE AND FAIR VALUE HIERARCHY OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS

      The carrying amounts and fair values of the Group’s financial instruments, other than those with carrying
      amounts that reasonably approximate to fair values, are as follows:

                                                    Carrying amount                                Fair value
                                                      2021                  2020                 2021                   2020
                                                 RMB’000             RMB’000               RMB’000                 RMB’000


      Financial assets
      Financial asset at FVPL                      984,456             865,263               984,456                865,263
      Equity investment designated at
         FVOCI                                     163,212             173,456               163,212                173,456
      Other receivables and other
         assets                                      9,524              21,732                  9,127                 20,826
      Bills receivable                              13,437              32,171                 13,437                 32,171


                                                 1,170,629           1,092,622             1,170,232              1,091,716


      Management has assessed that the fair values of cash and cash equivalents, trade receivables, trade and bills
      payables, financial assets included in prepayments, other receivables and other assets, financial liabilities
      included in trade and bills payables, other payables and accruals, and lease liabilities approximate to their
      carrying amounts largely due to the short-term maturities of these instruments.

      The fair values of the financial assets and liabilities are included at the amount at which the instrument could
      be exchanged in a current transaction between willing parties, other than in a forced or liquidation sale. The
      following methods and assumptions were used to estimate the fair values:

      The fair values of the non-current portion of other receivables and other assets have been calculated by
      discounting the expected future cash flows using rates currently available for instruments with similar terms,
      credit risk and remaining maturities.

      The fair values of an unlisted equity investment designated at FVOCI is based on external transactions in the
      investee’s equity.

      The Group invests in unlisted investments, which represent wealth management products issued by banks in
      Mainland China. The Group has estimated the fair value of these unlisted investments by using a discounted
      cash flow valuation model based on the market interest rates of instruments with similar terms and risks.
220   ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2021 Annual Report




      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

      March 31, 2021

      37.   FAIR VALUE AND FAIR VALUE HIERARCHY OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (CONTINUED)

            Below is a summary of significant unobservable inputs to the valuation of financial instruments together with a
            quantitative sensitivity analysis as at March 31, 2021:

                                                                 Significant                             Sensitivity of fair value
                                          Valuation technique    unobservable input     Range            to the input


            Unlisted equity investments   Valuation multiples    Average P/E            12.93 to 66.90   1% increase/decrease in multiple
              — ShuYu Civilian                                      multiple of peers                      would result in increase/
                                                                                                           decrease in fair value by
                                                                                                           RMB4,920,000/RMB4,920,000
                                                                 DLOM                   9.0%             1% increase/decrease in discount
                                                                                                           would result in decrease/
                                                                                                           increase in fair value by
                                                                                                           RMB487,000/RMB487,000
            Unlisted investments          Valuation multiples    Average P/S            1.70 to 15.70    1% increase/decrease in multiple
              — LinkDoc                                             multiple of peers                      would result in increase/
                                                                                                           decrease in fair value by
                                                                                                           RMB4,845,000/RMB4,845,000
                                                                 DLOM                   17.1%            1% increase/decrease in discount
                                                                                                           would result in decrease/
                                                                                                           increase in fair value by
                                                                                                           RMB998,000/RMB998,000

            The DLOM represents the amounts of premiums and discounts determined by the Group that market
            participants would take into account when pricing the investments.
                                                               ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2021 Annual Report   221




                                                                              NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

                                                                                                              March 31, 2021

37.   FAIR VALUE AND FAIR VALUE HIERARCHY OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (CONTINUED)

      Fair value hierarchy

      The following tables illustrate the fair value measurement hierarchy of the Group’s financial instruments:

      Assets measured at fair value:

      As at March 31, 2021

                                                  2021 Fair value measurement using
                                          Quoted prices           Significant           Significant
                                                in active        observable          unobservable
                                                 markets             inputs                inputs
                                                (Level 1)          (Level 2)             (Level 3)                 Total
                                                RMB’000           RMB’000               RMB’000                  RMB’000


      Equity investment designated at
          FVOCI                                        —                    —               163,212                163,212
      Financial assets at FVPL                         —                    —               984,456                984,456
      Bills receivable                                 —               13,437                    —                  13,437


                                                       —               13,437             1,147,668              1,161,105


      As at March 31, 2020

                                                     2020 Fair value measurement using
                                             Quoted prices           Significant           Significant
                                                  in active          observable          unobservable
                                                   markets                inputs                inputs
                                                  (Level 1)            (Level 2)             (Level 3)                 Total
                                                 RMB’000              RMB’000               RMB’000                 RMB’000


      Equity investment designated at
          FVOCI                                          —                     —              173,456                173,456
      Financial assets at FVPL                           —                     —              865,263                865,263
      Bills receivable                                   —               32,171                    —                  32,171


                                                         —               32,171             1,038,719              1,070,890


      The Group did not have any financial liabilities measured at fair value as at March 31, 2021 and 2020.

      During the year, there were no transfers of fair value measurements between Level 1 and Level 2 and no
      transfers into or out of Level 3 for both financial assets and financial liabilities (2020: Nil).
222   ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2021 Annual Report




      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

      March 31, 2021

      37.   FAIR VALUE AND FAIR VALUE HIERARCHY OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (CONTINUED)

            Fair value hierarchy (continued)

            Assets for which fair values are disclosed:

            As at March 31, 2021

                                                               2021 Fair value measurement using
                                                      Quoted prices           Significant       Significant
                                                             in active       observable      unobservable
                                                              markets             inputs               inputs
                                                             (Level 1)          (Level 2)            (Level 3)      Total
                                                            RMB’000            RMB’000           RMB’000         RMB’000


            Other receivables and
                other assets                                         —                 —                9,127       9,127


            As at March 31, 2020

                                                                 2020 Fair value measurement using
                                                       Quoted prices           Significant       Significant
                                                              in active       observable      unobservable
                                                               markets             inputs               inputs
                                                              (Level 1)          (Level 2)           (Level 3)      Total
                                                             RMB’000           RMB’000           RMB’000         RMB’000


            Other receivables and
                other assets                                         —                 —               20,826      20,826


      38.   FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES

            The Group’s principal financial instruments comprise cash and term deposits. The Group has various other
            financial assets and liabilities such as trade receivables and trade payables, which arise directly from its
            operations.

            It is, and has been throughout the year under review, the Group’s policy that no trading in financial
            instruments shall be undertaken.
                                                                ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2021 Annual Report   223




                                                                               NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

                                                                                                               March 31, 2021

38.   FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES (CONTINUED)

      The main risks arising from the Group’s financial instruments are credit risk, foreign currency risk and liquidity
      risk. The board of directors reviews and agrees policies for managing each of these risks and they are
      summarized below.

      Credit risk

      The Group trades only with recognized and creditworthy third parties. It is the Group’s policy that all
      customers who wish to trade on credit terms are subject to credit verification procedures. In addition,
      receivable balances are monitored on an ongoing basis.

      The credit risk of the Group’s other financial assets, which comprise cash and cash equivalents, other
      receivables and long-term deposits, arises from default of the counterparty, with a maximum exposure equal to
      the carrying amounts of these instruments.

      Further quantitative data in respect of the Group’s exposure to credit risk arising from trade receivables are
      disclosed in note 19 to the financial statements.

      The Group places its cash deposits with major international banks in Hong Kong and state-owned banks in
      Mainland China. This investment policy limits the Group’s exposure to concentrations of credit risk.

      Maximum exposure and year-end staging

      The tables below show the credit quality and the maximum exposure to credit risk based on the Group’s credit
      policy, which is mainly based on ageing information unless other information is available without undue cost or
      effort, and year-end staging classification as at March 31. The amounts presented are gross carrying amounts
      for financial assets and the exposure to credit risk for the financial guarantee contracts.
224   ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2021 Annual Report




      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

      March 31, 2021

      38.   FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES (CONTINUED)

            Maximum exposure and year-end staging (continued)

            As at March 31, 2021

                                                      12-month
                                                          ECLs                                Lifetime ECLs
                                                                                                                          Simplified
                                                       Stage 1                Stage 2                Stage 3              approach                  Total
                                                      RMB’000                RMB’000                RMB’000                RMB’000                RMB’000

            Trade receivables*                                  —                      —                     —               300,178                300,178
            Financial assets included in
               prepayments, other
               receivables and other
               assets
               — Normal**                               459,293                        —                     —                      —               459,293
            Cash and cash equivalents
               — Not yet past due                    11,636,769                        —                     —                      —           11,636,769


                                                     12,096,062                        —                     —               300,178            12,396,240


            As at March 31, 2020

                                                         12-month
                                                             ECLs                                 Lifetime ECLs
                                                                                                                              Simplified
                                                          Stage 1                Stage 2                Stage 3               approach                  Total
                                                         RMB’000                RMB’000                RMB’000                RMB’000                RMB’000

            Trade receivables*                                    —                      —                      —               292,370                292,370
            Financial assets included in
               prepayments, other
               receivables and other
               assets
               — Normal**                                  264,625                       —                      —                      —               264,625
            Cash and cash equivalents
               — Not yet past due                        2,594,981                       —                      —                      —            2,594,981


                                                         2,859,606                       —                      —               292,370             3,151,976


            *      For trade receivables to which the Group applies the simplified approach for impairment, information based on the provision matrix is
                   disclosed in note 19 to the financial statements.


            **     The credit quality of the financial assets included in prepayments, other receivables and other assets is considered to be “normal” when
                   they are not past due and there is no information indicating that the financial assets had a significant increase in credit risk since initial
                   recognition.
                                                               ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2021 Annual Report   225




                                                                              NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

                                                                                                              March 31, 2021

38.   FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES (CONTINUED)

      Maximum exposure and year-end staging (continued)

      Since the Group trades only with recognized and creditworthy third parties, there is no requirement for
      collateral. Concentrations of credit risk are managed by customer/counterparty, by geographical region and by
      industry sector. There are no significant concentrations of credit risk within the Group as the customer bases
      of the Group’s trade receivables are widely dispersed in different sectors and industries.

      Foreign currency risk

      The Group has transactional currency exposures. Such exposures arise from the Group’s cash and bank
      balances denominated in currencies other than the functional currencies of the operating units.

      The following table demonstrates the sensitivity at the end of the reporting period to a reasonably possible
      change in the RMB exchange rate, with all other variables held constant, of the Group’s profit before tax (due
      to changes in the fair value of cash and bank balances).

                                                                                          Increase/              Increase/
                                                                                     (decrease) in          (decrease) in
                                                                                         RMB rate profit before tax
                                                                                                   %             RMB’000


      2021
      If the Hong Kong dollar weakens against RMB                                                   1                    74
      If the Hong Kong dollar strengthens against RMB                                              (1)                   (74)


      2020
      If the Hong Kong dollar weakens against RMB                                                   1                   176
      If the Hong Kong dollar strengthens against RMB                                              (1)                 (176)
226   ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2021 Annual Report




      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

      March 31, 2021

      38.   FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES (CONTINUED)

            Liquidity risk

            The Group monitors its risk to a shortage of funds using a recurring liquidity planning tool. This tool considers
            the maturity of both its financial instruments and financial assets (e.g., trade receivables) and projected cash
            flows from operations.

            The maturity profile of the Group’s financial liabilities as at the end of the reporting period, based on the
            contractual undiscounted payments, is as follows:

            As at March 31, 2021

                                                                          Less than
                                                                           1 year or
                                                                         on demand        Over 1 year              Total
                                                                           RMB’000          RMB’000              RMB’000

            Trade payables                                                 2,551,550                 —          2,551,550
            Financial liabilities included in other payables and
               accruals                                                     482,439                 —             482,439
            Lease liability                                                  26,662             18,130             44,792


                                                                           3,060,651            18,130          3,078,781
                                                             ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2021 Annual Report   227




                                                                            NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

                                                                                                            March 31, 2021

38.   FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES (CONTINUED)

      Liquidity risk (continued)

      As at March 31, 2020

                                                                 Less than
                                                                  1 year or
                                                                on demand             Over 1 year                 Total
                                                                  RMB’000               RMB’000                RMB’000

      Trade payables                                             1,865,526                       —             1,865,526
      Financial liabilities included in other payables and
         accruals                                                   453,605                     —                453,605
      Lease liability                                                33,362                 39,294                72,656


                                                                 2,352,493                  39,294             2,391,787


      Capital management

      The Group manages its capital to ensure that entities in the Group will be able to continue as a going concern
      while maximising the return to stakeholders through the optimisation of the debt and equity balance. The
      Group’s overall strategy remains unchanged from that of the prior year.

      The capital structure of the Group consists of equity attributable to owners of the Company, comprising issued
      share capital and reserves.

      The directors of the Company review the capital structure on a regular basis. As part of this review, the
      directors consider the cost of capital and the risks associated with each class of capital. Based on
      recommendations of the directors, the Group will balance its overall capital structure through new issues of
      shares.
228   ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2021 Annual Report




      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

      March 31, 2021

      39.   STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION OF THE COMPANY

            Information about the statement of financial position of the Company at the end of the reporting period is as
            follows:

                                                                                           March 31,           March 31,
                                                                                                 2021               2020
                                                                                            RMB’000            RMB’000


            NON-CURRENT ASSETS
            Investments in subsidiaries                                                   33,846,096         21,713,718
            Due from subsidiaries                                                           8,623,399              4,969


            Total non-current assets                                                      42,469,495         21,718,687


            CURRENT ASSETS
            Prepayments and other receivables                                                  36,769              2,210
            Other intangible assets                                                               176                191
            Cash and cash equivalents                                                           2,886            198,763


            Total current assets                                                               39,831            201,164


            CURRENT LIABILITIES
            Other payables and accruals                                                        27,399             28,141
            Due to subsidiaries                                                                 7,556                215


            Total current liabilities                                                          34,955             28,356


            NET CURRENT ASSETS                                                                  4,876            172,808


            TOTAL ASSETS LESS CURRENT LIABILITIES                                         42,474,371         21,891,495


            Net assets                                                                    42,474,371         21,891,495


            EQUITY
            Share capital                                                                     118,859            106,108
            Treasury shares                                                                   (22,265)           (13,039)
            Reserves                                                                      42,377,777         21,798,426


            Total equity                                                                  42,474,371         21,891,495
                                                                                  ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2021 Annual Report                229




                                                                                                    NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

                                                                                                                                         March 31, 2021

39.   STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION OF THE COMPANY (CONTINUED)

      A summary of the Company’s reserves is as follows:

                                                                                                                         Employee
                                                                         Share                           Exchange      share-based
                                                                      premium      Capital Contributed   fluctuation compensation Accumulated
                                                                       account     reserve     surplus     reserve#        reserve       losses          Total
                                                             Notes    RMB’000     RMB’000     RMB’000     RMB’000         RMB’000      RMB’000       RMB’000


      At March 31, 2019                                              19,966,843     10,752      57,741      77,568         231,955    (1,025,956)   19,318,903


      Profit for the year                                                    —          —           —            —              —        (10,492)      (10,492)
      Translation from functional currency to presentation
          currency                                                           —          —           —      133,351              —             —       133,351


      Total comprehensive income for the year                                —          —           —      133,351              —        (10,492)     122,859
      Issue of new shares                                             1,997,913         —           —            —              —             —      1,997,913
      Exercise of share options                                        164,641          —           —            —         (52,887)           —       111,754
      Share-based compensation expenses                       29             —          —           —            —         277,139            —       277,139
      Vested awarded shares transferred to employees          28       215,335          —           —            —        (245,477)           —        (30,142)


      At March 31, 2020                                              22,344,732     10,752      57,741     210,919         210,730    (1,036,448)   21,798,426


      Profit for the year                                                    —          —           —            —              —        (13,015)      (13,015)
      Translation from functional currency to presentation
          currency                                                           —          —           —      (522,728)            —             —       (522,728)


      Total comprehensive income for the year                                —          —           —      (522,728)            —        (13,015)     (535,743)
      Issue of new shares                                            20,698,113         —           —            —              —             —     20,698,113
      Exercise of share options                                        114,809          —           —            —         (38,414)           —        76,395
      Share-based compensation expenses                                      —          —           —            —         341,467            —       341,467
      Vested awarded shares transferred to employees          28       123,627      25,326          —            —        (149,834)           —           (881)


      At March 31, 2021                                              43,281,281     36,078      57,741     (311,809)       363,949    (1,049,463)   42,377,777


      #
                The exchange fluctuation reserve represents the difference arising from translating the financial statements from HK$ into RMB, the
                Company’s presentation currency.


40.   APPROVAL OF THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

      The financial statements were approved and authorized for issue by the board of directors on May 25, 2021.
230   ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2021 Annual Report




      FINANCIAL SUMMARY

                                                                                    Year ended March 31,
                                                                  2021           2020           2019          2018         2017
                                                               RMB’000        RMB’000        RMB’000       RMB’000      RMB’000


      RESULTS


      Revenue                                                15,518,468      9,596,476      5,095,867      2,442,618     475,078


      Profit/(Loss) before tax                                   401,219         9,094         (60,830)      (95,145)    (207,099)
      Income tax expense                                         (58,539)       (24,790)       (30,934)      (13,889)      (1,554)


      Profit/(Loss) for the year                                 342,680        (15,696)       (91,764)     (109,034)    (208,653)


      Attributable to:
      Owners of the parent                                       348,588         (6,586)       (81,949)     (106,974)    (207,626)
      Non-controlling interests                                    (5,908)       (9,110)        (9,815)       (2,060)      (1,027)


                                                                 342,680        (15,696)       (91,764)     (109,034)    (208,653)


                                                                                         As at March 31,
                                                                  2021           2020           2019          2018         2017
                                                               RMB’000        RMB’000        RMB’000       RMB’000      RMB’000


      ASSETS AND LIABILITIES


      Total assets                                           17,739,204      7,869,972      5,981,885      3,110,977    1,679,700
      Total liabilities                                       (3,457,600)    (2,667,457)    (3,245,059)     (587,920)    (560,038)


                                                             14,281,604      5,202,515      2,736,826      2,523,057    1,119,662


      Equity attributable to owners of the parent            14,301,950      5,269,145      2,794,519      2,580,248    1,177,836
      Non-controlling interests                                  (20,346)       (66,630)       (57,693)      (57,191)     (58,174)


                                                             14,281,604      5,202,515      2,736,826      2,523,057    1,119,662
