CONTENTS
2     Corporate Information

4     Chairman’s Statement

8     Management Discussion and Analysis

24    Directors’ Report

73    Biographical Information of
      Directors and Senior Management

79    Corporate Governance Report

97    Risk Management and Internal Control

106   Independent Auditor’s Report

113   Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss

114   Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive
      Income

115   Consolidated Statement of Financial Position

117   Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity

119   Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows

122   Notes to Financial Statements

228   Financial Summary
CORPORATE INFORMATION

BOARD OF DIRECTORS                                                      Remuneration Committee
                                                                        Ms. HUANG Yi Fei (Vanessa) (Chairman)
Executive Directors                                                     Mr. LI Faguang (resigned on May 15, 2023)
Mr. ZHU Shunyan (Chairman) (former                                      Ms. HUANG Jiaojiao (appointed on May 15, 2023)
  Chief Executive Officer and resigned as the                           Mr. WONG King On, Samuel
  Chief Executive Officer with effect from the                            (retired on August 11, 2023)
  close of business on November 28, 2023)                               Ms. WU May Yihong
Mr. SHEN Difan (Chief Executive Officer)                                  (appointed on August 11, 2023)
  (appointed as the Chief Executive Officer
  with effect from the close of business on                             Nomination Committee
  November 28, 2023)                                                    Mr. ZHU Shunyan (Chairman)
Mr. TU Yanwu                                                            Mr. LUO Tong (retired on August 11, 2023)
                                                                        Mr. WONG King On, Samuel
Non-executive Directors                                                   (retired on August 11, 2023)
Mr. LI Faguang (resigned on May 15, 2023)                               Dr. SHAO Rong (appointed on August 11, 2023)
Ms. HUANG Jiaojiao (appointed on May 15, 2023)                          Ms. WU May Yihong
Mr. XU Haipeng (appointed on October 19, 2023)                            (appointed on August 11, 2023)

Independent Non-executive Directors                                     AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVES
Mr. LUO Tong (retired on August 11, 2023)                               Mr. SHEN Difan (appointed with effect from the
Mr. WONG King On, Samuel                                                 close of business on November 28, 2023)
  (retired on August 11, 2023)                                          Mr. ZHU Shunyan (resigned with effect from the
Ms. HUANG Yi Fei (Vanessa)                                               close of business on November 28, 2023)
Dr. SHAO Rong (appointed on August 11, 2023)                            Ms. CHUN Ka Yan (resigned on August 12, 2023)
Ms. WU May Yihong                                                       Ms. TSUI Hiu Leong
  (appointed on August 11, 2023)                                         (appointed on August 12, 2023)

Audit Committee
                                                                        COMPANY SECRETARIES
Ms. WU May Yihong (Chairman)
                                                                        Ms. CHUN Ka Yan (resigned on August 12, 2023)
  (appointed on August 11, 2023)
                                                                        Ms. TSUI Hiu Leong
Mr. WONG King On, Samuel (Chairman)
                                                                         (appointed on August 12, 2023)
  (retired on August 11, 2023)
                                                                        Ms. DENG Yan (appointed on August 12, 2023)
Mr. LUO Tong (retired on August 11, 2023)
Ms. HUANG Yi Fei (Vanessa)
Dr. SHAO Rong (appointed on August 11, 2023)                            LEGAL ADVISOR
                                                                        Fangda Partners




02    ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2024 Fiscal Year Annual Report
                                                 CORPORATE INFORMATION

AUDITOR                                                     BRANCH SHARE REGISTRAR
Ernst & Young                                               (IN HONG KONG)
Certified Public Accountants                                Tricor Secretaries Limited
Registered Public Interest Entity Auditor                   17/F, Far East Finance Centre
                                                            16 Harcourt Road
REGISTERED OFFICE                                           Hong Kong
Victoria Place
5th Floor                                                   PRINCIPAL BANKERS
31 Victoria Street                                          China CITIC Bank International Limited
Hamilton HM 10                                              The Hongkong and Shanghai Banking
Bermuda                                                       Corporation Limited
                                                            China Merchants Bank Co., Ltd.
PRINCIPAL PLACE OF BUSINESS                                 Bank of Ningbo Co., Ltd
IN HONG KONG                                                JPMorgan Chase Bank
26/F, Tower One                                             Agricultural Bank of China
Times Square
1 Matheson Street                                           COMPANY WEBSITE
Causeway Bay                                                http://www.irasia.com/listco/hk/alihealth/
Hong Kong


PRINCIPAL PLACE OF BUSINESS
IN PRC
65F, CITIC Tower
Building 1, No.10 Courtyard, Guanghua Road
Jianwai Subdistrict, Chaoyang District
Beijing


PRINCIPAL SHARE REGISTRAR
(IN BERMUDA)
Ocorian Management (Bermuda) Ltd.
Canon’s Court
22 Victoria Street
Hamilton HM 12
Bermuda




                                            ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2024 Fiscal Year Annual Report   03
CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT

Dear fellow shareholders,

First of all, on behalf of the Board of Directors and Alibaba Health Information Technology Limited
(the “Company” or “Alibaba Health”, together with its subsidiaries, the “Group”), I would like to
take this opportunity to express our sincere gratitude to all of our shareholders and the general
public for their continued interest and support.

Year 2023 marks the first year to fully implement the spirit of the 20th National Congress of the
Communist Party of China. It was also the year when the economy transitioned to the stage of
recovery and development after three years of COVID-19 prevention and control. China’s economy
demonstrated strong resilience, great potential and sufficient vitality, displaying a favorable recovery
curve. 2023 was also a year in which the Internet healthcare industry continued to make solid
strides toward standardized, high-quality development. In July 2023, the General Office of the State
Council published the “Measures for Restoring and Expanding Consumption”^ (關於恢復和擴大消費的
措施) from the National Development and Reform Commission of the PRC, clearly proposing to
enhance the consumption of healthcare services, develop “Internet + Healthcare” and gradually
incorporate eligible “Internet +” healthcare services into the scope of medical insurance payment. In
December 2023, the National Data Bureau and 16 other departments jointly issued the “Data
Element ×” Three-Year Action Plan (2024–2026)^ (「 數 據 要 素×」三 年 行 動 計 劃（2024–2026年）),
emphasizing that the value of healthcare data should be realized in an orderly manner, while
strengthening the integration and innovation of healthcare data in the healthcare sector.

With the introduction of several national support policies for the Internet healthcare industry, coupled
with the gradual improvement of industry regulation and rules, the “Internet + Healthcare” service
model further optimized and took root in people’s hearts. Meanwhile, the Internet healthcare sector
has been flourishing. Empowered by technological development, it continuously launched better and
safer Internet healthcare services to meet consumer demand, continuing to consolidate the overall
capacity of the industry. China’s Internet healthcare industry has entered a new stage of
development, showing great vitality and potential.

As a leading Internet healthcare company, Alibaba Health is well aware of the responsibilities given
by the times. In FY2024, Alibaba Health continued to expand its investment in technology and
innovation, actively responding to relevant national policies and rules, fulfilling its responsibilities,
firmly grasping the development opportunities brought by favorable policies, while continuing to
actively explore the healthcare sector. Leveraging on our leading digital technology and operational
capabilities, as the preferred platform for universal healthcare consumption, we continued to explore
innovative modes of healthcare services, joining hands to develop with our partners in the
ecosystem, with a view to dedicating ourselves to bringing multi-level and diversified healthcare
services to each one of our users.




04     ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2024 Fiscal Year Annual Report
                                                   CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT

REINFORCING THE CORE OF “CLOUD-BASED PHARMACIES” BY
FULLY UTILIZING DIGITAL OPERATION CAPABILITIES
Leveraging on our resources and technological advantages accumulated over the years in the
industry, our Tmall Healthcare Platform and pharmaceutical direct sales business have been growing
at a steady pace, continuing to generate synergies. In the post-pandemic era, we continued to focus
on changes in consumer demand, working with merchants to continuously expand product
categories on the supply side, building new channels and new traffic conversion methods,
continuously being the preferred platform for brand manufacturers to create trending product
categories, so that they can achieve sustainable development. As at March 31, 2024, the Tmall
Healthcare Platform had 300 million annual active users, serving more than 35,000 merchants, a
year-on-year growth of 28%.

During the Reporting Period, we successfully completed the acquisition of the advertising operation
rights of merchants in the healthcare categories of Tmall of Alibaba Group for a total consideration
of HK$13.5 billion. We believe that the synergies brought about by this acquisition will further
improve the integrity of the business ecosystem of Alibaba Health, strengthen our market
competitiveness and profitability, and provide more comprehensive and diversified support for the
needs of healthcare merchants and consumers, thereby realizing a win-win situation for all parties.

In the past year, the direct sales business made solid progress. We continued to enhance our refined
operational capabilities, efficiently integrating upstream and downstream resources, so as to achieve
high growth in various categories and double-digit growth in online stock keeping units (“ SKUs”). As
the general public becomes increasingly health conscious in the post-pandemic era, the Group has
been making further efforts to gain deeper insight into customers’ needs, making front-end market
preparations with merchants while continuing to create room for growth in the health industry. In the
sector of prescription drugs, we cooperated with Huadong Medicine and Pfizer respectively to debut
innovative solutions for the treatment of type 2 diabetes and alopecia areata online, providing
consumers with more convenient and accessible choices. As at March 31, 2024, the cumulative
membership of Alibaba Health’s direct online stores reached 77 million. Meanwhile, we further
optimized the layout of our pharmaceutical logistics network, maintaining a high standard capacity
of services for next-day delivery of pharmaceuticals while further upgrading our next-day delivery
experience in core cities such as Shanghai, Hangzhou, Suzhou, Wuxi and Changzhou, committing
ourselves to providing our customers with more stable and convenient services.




                                        ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2024 Fiscal Year Annual Report   05
CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT

CONTINUOUSLY IMPROVING ONLINE SOLUTIONS                                                    WHILE
ENHANCING THE “CLOUD-BASED HOSPITAL” ENGINE
In FY2024, leveraging on its Internet hospitals as a network, Alibaba Health continued to upgrade
and iterate its healthcare professional service experience. We continued to improve our service
efficiency to meet user needs, creating an integrated online and offline healthcare service system,
striving to promote a more balanced and efficient distribution of medical resources.

After the end of the pandemic, the public’s awareness of health management further increased. The
demand for healthcare became more refined. We continued to explore online scenarios for chronic
disease management by expanding to 23 disease areas, making full use of the advantages of
Internet technology to enhance medical efficiency and optimize service processes. As at March 31,
2024, we partnered with over 220,000 licensed physicians, pharmacists and nutritionists to provide
online healthcare consulting services to our users. During the Reporting Period, the average daily
number of online consultations, excluding prescriptions, exceeded 11,000. Meanwhile, we launched
more new digital intelligence solutions for doctors. Through popularizing the capability of the video
digital human and the big model follow-up platform, we helped doctors further enhance patient
education and improve management efficiency. The Xiaolu TCM business continued to make solid
progress. As at March 31, 2024, Xiaolu TCM had more than 120,000 registered TCM practitioners and
116 dispensing centers, covering 28 provinces and direct-administered municipalities, with its service
network improved at an accelerated pace.


STRENGTHENING THE FOUNDATION OF “CLOUD-BASED
INFRASTRUCTURE” BY ACTIVELY EXPLORING DIGITAL
TECHNOLOGY EMPOWERMENT
“Cloud-based infrastructure” has always been an important foundation of Alibaba Health’s “three
clouds” ecosystem. In FY2024, through in-depth cooperation with provincial and municipal
pharmaceutical regulatory authorities, leveraging on advantages such as pharmaceutical metadata
attributes and client coverage, our “Ma Shang Fang Xin”^ (碼上放心) tracking platform business
actively explored more business scenarios, continuing to promote the coverage of the entire value
chain from drug production, distribution to the terminals, while assisting pharmaceutical companies
in fulfilling the digital and electronic requirements for corresponding distribution compliance. We
actively responded to the guidance of the National Medical Products Administration, providing free
aging services of drug instruction manuals for pharmaceutical companies, so as to further optimize
customer service experience.




06    ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2024 Fiscal Year Annual Report
                                                     CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT

As a technology innovation company with deep Internet backgrounds, Alibaba Health has always
been committed to empowering consumer healthcare services through next-generation information
technology means. In the past year, under the guidance of the regulatory authorities, our Alibaba
Health self-researched big model made significant progress. Leveraging on the great amount of
knowledge of medical products accumulated over years of e-commerce, combined with real scenario
applications to continuously optimize knowledge and documents in the area of all-around
healthcare, we continued to improve the satisfaction rate and accuracy of our services. During the
Reporting Period, we developed Doctor U, an intelligent and one-stop platform for doctor and
patient education underpinned by the large-scale technology, significantly optimising the work
efficiency of doctors and the quality of the process, contributing to the industry’s efforts to reduce
costs and increase efficiency.

In FY2024, we continued to utilise our healthcare capabilities, playing an active role in corporate
social responsibility and healthcare public services, continuing to help enhance the level of healthcare
resources in villages. Through the health management units at the village entrance “Aidou
Rehabilitation Homes”^ (愛豆 • 康復健康小屋), we supported the development of village doctors’
capacity in various aspects, including hardware, medical technology and management means. As at
March 31, 2024, the homes served more than 50,000 people. The “Xiao Lu Lantern”^ (小鹿燈)
(Children’s Serious Disease Relief Platform) project continued to gain momentum. We continued to
expand on our existing “proactive assistance” model by launching a special leukaemia assistance
programme, providing a green channel for children suffering from leukaemia to seek medical
treatment.

In December 2023, the Central Economic Work Conference clearly proposed that it is important to
adhere to the principles of pursuing progress while ensuring stability, consolidating stability through
progress, and establishing the new before abolishing the old in 2024. Looking ahead to 2024, the
demand for healthcare products and services is growing at a steady pace. The Internet healthcare
service industry has entered a new situation and stage of prosperity while continuing to be
standardized to achieve comprehensive development. Alibaba Health will actively respond to the
national “Healthy China” strategy, always adhering to the original intention of making healthcare
universally affordable and accessible. Meanwhile, Alibaba Health will continue to leverage on its
leading digital technology and digital operation capabilities, so as to bring new momentum to the
growth of the healthcare industry.

Our commitment and path remain unchanged. I would like to take this opportunity to once again
thank all of our shareholders, partners, users, and people from all walks of life who have been
staying with us for their continued support, understanding and assistance. We will continue to bring
affordable healthcare services to a wider group of people, while making it our mission to safeguard
public health.

^   For identification purposes only




ZHU Shunyan
Chairman

May 27, 2024

                                          ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2024 Fiscal Year Annual Report   07
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

BUSINESS REVIEW
Looking back at the financial year ended March 31, 2024 (“FY2024” or the “Reporting Period”), the
“Internet + Healthcare” service model was further refined and well-received under the country’s
multi-dimensional policy support. On July 28, 2023, the General Office of the State Council of the PRC
published the “Measures for Restoring and Expanding Consumption” from the National
Development and Reform Commission of the PRC, clearly proposing to enhance the consumption of
healthcare services, develop “Internet + Healthcare”, further improve Internet diagnosis and
treatment payment policy and gradually incorporate eligible “Internet +” healthcare services into the
scope of medical insurance payment. As an important indicator of national economy and people’s
livelihood, there has been a gradual improvement on the relevant policies which support “Internet
+” online services within the healthcare sector. The coordination and integration of online and offline
models will further enhance the convenience and effectiveness of relevant services. In terms of
medical innovation, the National Data Bureau and 16 other departments jointly issued the “Data
Element ×” Three-Year Action Plan (2024–2026), clearly proposing that the value of healthcare data
should be realised in an orderly manner, while strengthening the integration and innovation of
healthcare data in the healthcare sector. Regarding the direction of the application of data
elements, enterprises are encouraged to explore the implementation of new models in various
applications such as future health management and primary healthcare. As the industry’s leader in
innovation, Alibaba Health will follow the government’s supervision and guidance, while continuing
the exploration in innovation in the health sector. During the Reporting Period, all business segments
of the Company achieved sound development.

During the Reporting Period, the total revenue of the Group reached RMB27,026.6 million,
representing a slight increase of 1.0% year-on-year given the high comparison base during the
pandemic. Meanwhile, with the significant improvement in operating quality, our net profit for the
Reporting Period reached RMB883.1 million, representing an increase of 64.6% year-on-year. As at
March 31, 2024, the business of the Tmall Healthcare Platform continued to grow at a steady pace.
The number of annual active users (those who made one or more actual purchase(s) on the
platform within the past 12 months) reached 300 million. Tmall Healthcare Platform served over
35,000 merchants as at March 31, 2024, representing an increase of 28% year-on-year.

As at March 31, 2024, the cumulative membership of the Group’s direct online stores grew to 77
million, representing a growth in average revenue per user (“ARPU”) of over 17% year-on-year.
Meanwhile, we continued to improve the experience of chronic disease users, with duration of
therapy (“DOT”) hours growing by 7.6% year-on-year. During the Reporting Period, we further
optimized the layout of our pharmaceutical logistics network, maintaining a high standard for
next-day delivery of pharmaceuticals while enhancing logistics efficiency by upgrading from
next-day delivery to next-day home delivery in core cities such as Shanghai, Hangzhou, Suzhou,
Wuxi and Changzhou, committing ourselves to providing our customers with more stable and
convenient next-day home delivery service. For the segment of medical and healthcare services, as
at the end of the Reporting Period, more than 220,000 licensed physicians, pharmacists and
nutritionists contracted with the Group to provide online health consultation services, representing an
increase of more than 20,000 professionals as compared to March 31, 2023. The average daily
number of consultations (excluding prescription) increased to 11,045 during the Reporting Period.



08    ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2024 Fiscal Year Annual Report
           MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

As the flagship healthcare platform of Alibaba Group Holding Limited (“Alibaba Holding”, together
with its subsidiaries, “Alibaba Group”), the Group upholds its original intention to make healthcare
services affordable and accessible. The Group will continue to consolidate and strengthen its existing
business foundations in healthcare, and actively explore innovative business models, promote
industry development, and maintain a forward-looking approach towards the future to align with the
evolving needs of its customers, while maintaining the highest industry standard of compliance and
service quality. The Group will utilize its leading digital technology and digital operation capabilities,
with “cloud-based infrastructure” as the foundation, “cloud-based pharmacy” as the core, and
“cloud-based hospital” as the engine, to provide affordable, convenient, efficient and reliable
medical and healthcare services to hundreds of millions of families.

Pharmaceutical E-commerce Business

The customer-centric pharmaceutical e-commerce business of the Group fully realized and made use
of its brand advantages and resources accumulated over the years. Building on its strengths in
e-commerce, big data and cloud computing, and based on a synergetic operation model that
integrates the Tmall Healthcare E-commerce Platform and its pharmaceutical direct sales business
and e-commerce advertisement business, the Group actively expands cooperations with recognized
upstream pharmaceutical, nutritional, healthcare, medical device manufacturers and distributors, so
as to provide a comprehensive suite of Internet integrated health solutions for users with health
needs. During the Reporting Period, the Group completed the acquisition of the advertising
operation rights of merchants in the healthcare categories of Tmall of Alibaba Group (for further
details, please refer to the Company’s announcements dated November 28, 2023 and January 17,
2024). The acquisition further enhanced the business offerings of our platform models by integrating
advertising services into the closed loop of health brand solutions, thereby improving the capacity of
our services operation for product manufacturers and significantly enhancing the Company’s
profitability.

•   Pharmaceutical E-Commerce Platform Business — Tmall Healthcare Platform

    As a leading online pharmaceutical and healthcare products service platform in China, we
    continue to leverage Tmall Healthcare Platform’s digital capabilities during the Reporting Period,
    as it collaborated with partners to jointly explore new development trends within the sector,
    explore market opportunities and focus on user demand trends, with a view to providing users
    with more accessible and quality healthcare services. As at March 31, 2024, the number of
    annual active users (those who made one or more actual purchase(s) within the past 12
    months) on the Tmall Healthcare Platform reached 300 million. Tmall Healthcare Platform served
    over 35,000 merchants as at March 31, 2024, representing an increase of 28% year-on-year.




                                          ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2024 Fiscal Year Annual Report   09
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

     In light of rising demands for healthcare consumption in the post-pandemic era, the Group
     continued to focus on user refinement operation, join hands with the industry to expand its
     business and products, enrich the supply, establish new channels and new traffic conversion
     methods, and revitalize the healthcare sector for new momentum. During the Reporting Period,
     Alibaba Health responded to the promotion and guidance of the government and regulatory
     authorities and continued to promote the Blue Cap mindset of “safer and more effective”
     health food products among its customers in the country. Through the release of white papers
     on trends, business alliances and other means, the layout of Blue Cap Health Food supply was
     accelerated. Meanwhile, through means such as cognitive education, Alibaba Health promoted
     Blue Cap Health Food products from both the supply and demand sides, thereby achieving
     growth in a rapid pace. Regarding the home devices categories, with the continuous
     advancement of technology, we accurately captured demand of the consumers and continued to
     develop trending categories while exploring more content channels, resulting in an average
     growth rate of over 35% for trending categories such as efficacious skincare.

     The completeness of the platform business was improved by the injection of the advertising
     business. During the Reporting Period, the Group successfully acquired the exclusive advertising
     and marketing review rights of medical and health merchants on Alibaba Group’s Tmall
     platform through the issuance of shares and partial cash payment at a consideration of HK$13.5
     billion, as set out in the announcements of the Company dated November 28, 2023 and January
     17, 2024. Leveraging on its extensive experience in health category operations and merchant
     insights, Alibaba Health enhanced merchant experience and satisfaction through its advertising
     services, providing more customized services to merchants while driving their business growth,
     thereby achieving a win-win situation for both parties.

•    Pharmaceutical Direct Sales Business

     Adhering to its operation motto that highlights “authenticity, affordability, professionalism and
     reliability”, the Group’s pharmaceutical direct sales business is committed to providing
     consumers from Tmall, Taobao, Alipay, Ele.me and other segments with comprehensive and
     affordable healthcare services, including prescription drugs, over-the-counter (OTC) drugs,
     nutritional supplements, medical devices and contact lenses.

     During the Reporting Period, the Group enhanced its operation refinement capability. However,
     due to the high comparison base during the pandemic, the pharmaceutical direct sales business
     recorded a revenue of RMB23,739.2 million, representing a slight increase of 0.6% year-on-year.
     During the Reporting Period, based on the consumers’ mindset, the Group joined hands with
     different manufacturers in the industry to expand its business and products, continuing to enrich
     the supply to meet the diversified demand of consumers. While continuing to improve the
     efficiency of category operations, online SKUs achieved double-digit growth. As at March 31,
     2024, the number of annual active users of the Group’s direct online stores remained steady,
     with cumulative membership increasing to 77 million, and an ARPU growth rate of 17.2%
     year-on-year. Meanwhile, we continued to improve the experience of our chronic disease users,
     with DOT hours for chronic disease users increasing by 7.6% year-on-year.




10     ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2024 Fiscal Year Annual Report
          MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

    During the Reporting Period, the Group enhanced its operational efficiency, integrated industry,
    suppliers and self-operated resources, offered hot-selling products, and achieved considerable
    growth in various categories, as demonstrated by the year-on-year growth of over 50% in
    revenue deriving from personal care, healthcare and massage equipment industry, as well as
    the year-on-year growth of 68.3% in revenue from protective gears (devices), each under
    pharmaceutical direct sales business. As part of the Group’s effort to develop new categories,
    Alibaba Health Pharmacy added new categories of slow-health products such as pet healthcare
    and some functional skin care masks, delivering satisfactory result of growth.

    As the general public becomes increasingly health conscious in the post-pandemic era, the
    Group has been making further efforts to gain deeper insight into customers’ needs, making
    front-end market preparations with merchants while continuing to create room for growth in the
    health industry. In the sector of prescription drugs, the Group cooperated with Huadong
    Medicine to debut Liraglutide Injection, the first online domestic GLP-1 drug, to provide a new,
    more convenient and accessible treatment option for type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) patients in
    the country. Meanwhile, we collaborated with Pfizer to launch Litfulo, the first and only
    innovative drug approved for the treatment of severe baldness in teenagers aged 12 and above
    and adults, providing consumers with a safer and more effective option.

    During the Reporting Period, we further optimized the layout of our pharmaceutical logistics
    network, maintaining a high standard for next-day delivery of pharmaceuticals while actively
    enhancing logistics efficiency by continuously upgrading from next-day delivery to next-day
    home delivery in core cities such as Shanghai, Hangzhou, Suzhou, Wuxi and Changzhou,
    committing ourselves to providing our customers with more stable and convenient next-day
    home delivery service.

Healthcare and Digital Services Business

During the Reporting Period, the Group continued to enhance users’ experience of the professional
healthcare services by providing its users with a seamless online-to-offline system of healthcare
services (including traditional Chinese medicine (“TCM”), medical checkups, medical consultation,
appointment-booking, vaccination, dental care, mental care, optometry and nursing) through a
variety of terminals such as Tmall, Taobao, Alipay, AMap, DingTalk, Freshippo and Quark. As at
March 31, 2024, over 220,000 licensed physicians, pharmacists and nutritionists contracted with the
Group to provide online health consultation services, representing an increase of more than 20,000
professionals as compared with the number as at March 31, 2023. The average daily number of
consultations (excluding prescription) increased to 11,045 during the Reporting Period. During the
Reporting Period, revenue generated from the healthcare and digital services business amounted to
RMB957.8 million, representing an increase of 2.6% year-on-year.




                                        ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2024 Fiscal Year Annual Report   11
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

•    Healthcare Services

     Leveraging on its Internet hospitals as a network, the Group has fully utilized its technical
     advantages to improve the efficiency of medical services, optimize service process, and
     gradually consolidate its presence in the field of chronic disease management by expanding to
     23 disease areas, with the addition of chronic disease areas such as women’s health and atopic
     dermatitis. Meanwhile, Alibaba Health Internet hospitals launched more solutions, such as a new
     digital intelligence solution for doctors. Through popularizing the capability of the video digital
     human and the big model follow-up platform, doctors are helped to improve the refined
     management of patients, as well as to improve patient education efficiently. During the
     Reporting Period, we collaborated with the China Anti-Cancer Association to promote the
     popularization of guidelines and disease education in areas such as oncology and
     self-immunization. The business of Xiaolu TCM continued to grow steadily. As at March 31, 2024,
     Xiaolu TCM had more than 120,000 registered TCM practitioners, and the number of dispensing
     centers increased to 116, covering 28 provinces and direct-administered municipalities. In March
     2024, Xiaolu TCM successfully launched the second edition of Gold Bianque Top 100 TCM
     Practitioners List^ (金扁鵲中醫百強榜), a word-of-mouth-based ranking which selected nearly 700
     reputable TCM practitioners across the country, thereby attracting wide attention from the
     society.

•    Digital Tracking Business

     “Ma Shang Fang Xin” tracking platform business continued to maintain a steady pace of
     development. During the Reporting Period, with the strengthened implementation of China’s
     drug tracking policy for key drug varieties across the entire chain, the Group explored more
     business scenarios for its tracking business, including the coverage of the entire value chain
     from drug production, distribution to the terminals. Leveraging on the advantages such as the
     “one object, one code” metadata attributes of pharmaceutical products and client coverage,
     the “Ma Shang Fang Xin” platform completed the construction of data circulation and business
     synergy links with some of the leading operating enterprises while assisting the pharmaceutical
     companies in completing the digitization of the corresponding circulation compliance and other
     requirements. During the Reporting Period, the “Ma Shang Fang Xin” platform responded to the
     “Pilot Work Plan for Aging and Accessibility Reform of Drug Instruction Manuals”^ (藥品說明書適
     老化及無障礙改革試點工作方案) launched by the National Medical Products Administration,
     providing free aging services of drug instruction manuals for pharmaceutical companies.
     Patients can scan the tracking code to access a large-print version of the digital manual and use
     the audio function for key information in the manual, thereby optimizing the customer service
     experience.




12     ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2024 Fiscal Year Annual Report
           MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

    In the field of healthcare large-scale model applications under the e-commerce scenario, we
    created the self-developed large-scale model of Alibaba Health by building on the huge
    healthcare product knowledge base accumulated over years in the e-commerce industry. With
    the advancing and optimizing applications of the healthcare knowledge and literature across the
    industry under the real scenario, the user satisfaction and accuracy of our customer services
    (pre-sales, in-sales and after-sales) in specific categories improved significantly. In terms of
    medical service, we developed Doctor U, an intelligent and one-stop platform for doctor and
    patient education underpinned by the large-scale technology, enabling doctors to establish their
    own intelligent platform for science popularisation creation and train their own AI models, thus
    significantly improving their work efficiency and process quality.

Public Service

During the Reporting Period, the Group continued to assist in upgrading rural medical and
healthcare resources. While providing direct assistance to rural villages through its own medical and
healthcare capabilities, the Group also endeavoured to improve the foundation of local medical
equipment and strengthen the training and capacity enhancement of medical personnel. As at
March 31, 2024, over RMB39 million has been invested in the “Xiao Lu Lantern” (Children’s Serious
Disease Relief Platform) project. We continued to expand on our existing “proactive assistance”
model by launching a special leukaemia assistance programme, providing a green channel for
children suffering from leukaemia, so that they can receive genetic testing and targeted drug
therapy as part of the necessary diagnosis and treatment. The new model won the 18th People’s
Corporate Social Responsibility Award for Case of the Year^ (第十八屆人民企業社會責任評選年度案
例獎) in FY2024. Joining hands with the Ling Feng Foundation of Beijing, Alibaba Health Philanthropy
and Alibaba Foundation created “Aidou Rehabilitation Homes” in FY2024, a health management unit
at the village entrance in the county. The project supported the development of village doctors’
capacity in various aspects, including hardware, medical technology and management means. As at
March 31, 2024, “Aidou Rehabilitation Homes” had served more than 50,000 people.

Future Prospects

FY2024 is a year of challenges and opportunities. Macro and geopolitical factors have brought
challenges to the industry, but also more opportunities. As the industry’s leading digital health
management company, taking user value as the starting point and building on the
long-accumulated experience in service capabilities and leading technology innovation of the
Internet healthcare industry, we will continue to empower the “cloud-based pharmacy”,
“cloud-based hospital” and “cloud-based infrastructure” strategies, so as to provide affordable,
convenient, efficient and reliable medical and healthcare services to hundreds of millions of
families.




                                        ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2024 Fiscal Year Annual Report   13
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

For pharmaceutical e-commerce business, guided by the principle of placing user value at the core,
we will continue to optimize our operational efficiency and digitalization capabilities. Joining hands
with our partners within the ecosystem, we will continue to provide users with more affordable and
accessible services, aspiring to become the preferred platform for health consumption for all.
Meanwhile, we will actively operate our new advertising business, providing one-stop services to
brands and merchants with a complete platform model, so that we can grow together and create
new momentum for the growth of the healthcare industry. In the area of medical services, we will
continue to explore innovative modes of medical and healthcare services, with a view to providing
patients with multi-level and diversified medical services. Under the support of national policies, we
will continue to develop the “cloud-based infrastructure” strategy, assisting the regulatory
authorities in the exploration of the application scenarios of AI large speech models in the
healthcare verticals, so as to enhance the performance of the industry.

As a leading player in the health services industry, the Group will always uphold its original
intention to make health services affordable and accessible, with a focus on its users’ underlying
needs, and utilize its leading digital technology and digital operation capabilities, so as to achieve
the development vision of “becoming a digital health management company serving 500 million
people within five years”.


FINANCIAL REVIEW
The key financial data of the Group for the years ended March 31, 2024 and 2023 is summarized as
follows:

                                                                                    2024         2023     Change
                                                                                 RMB’000      RMB’000         %
                                                                                            (Restated)


Revenue                                                                       27,026,555    26,763,016       1.0
Gross profit                                                                   5,895,321     5,701,334       3.4
Gross profit margin                                                                21.8%         21.3%      N/A
Fulfilment                                                                    (2,413,212)   (2,907,137)    (17.0)
Sales and marketing expenses                                                  (1,776,564)   (1,768,675)      0.4
Administrative expenses                                                         (359,980)     (379,487)     (5.1)
Product development expenses                                                    (705,382)     (677,822)      4.1
Other income and gains                                                           674,755       618,069       9.2
Other expenses and losses                                                       (363,644)      (40,836)    790.5
Share of profits of joint ventures                                                 1,039        48,981     (97.9)
Share of losses of associates                                                     (6,965)      (37,600)    (81.5)
Income tax expense                                                               (56,263)      (14,485)    288.4
Profit for the year                                                              883,136       536,509      64.6
NON-HKFRS ADJUSTMENTS
Adjusted net profit                                                             1,437,928     753,615       90.8




14     ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2024 Fiscal Year Annual Report
          MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

—   Revenue

    Revenue of the Group for the Reporting Period amounted to RMB27,026,555,000, representing an
    increase of RMB263,539,000 or 1.0% as compared with RMB26,763,016,000 for the Corresponding
    Period. The increase in revenue was mainly attributable to the continued steady development of
    the pharmaceutical direct sales business, pharmaceutical e-commerce platform business and
    healthcare and digital services business during the Reporting Period.

    —   Pharmaceutical Direct Sales Business

        The pharmaceutical direct sales business of the Group primarily comprises the direct
        business-to-customer (“B2C”) retail and advertisement related business. During the
        Reporting Period, the overall revenue from the pharmaceutical direct sales business reached
        RMB23,739,246,000, representing an increase of 0.6% year-on-year. The growth in revenue
        from the pharmaceutical direct sales business was mainly attributable to the constant
        enrichment of categories of goods sold through the direct B2C retail and SKUs, as well as
        the continuous optimization of users’ experience by adopting a number of measures, such
        as improving information security and providing more professional consultation services.

    —   Pharmaceutical E-commerce Platform Business

        The pharmaceutical e-commerce platform business of the Group comprises the e-commerce
        platform business acquired from Alibaba Group (including categories of, among others,
        pharmaceutical products, healthcare food, medical devices, adult and family planning
        products, contact lenses, and medical and healthcare services and other categories of
        e-commerce platform business), and the provision of outsourced services to Tmall
        Healthcare Platform (in respect of categories other than those that have already been
        acquired) and the new pharmaceutical retail business. During the Reporting Period, the
        Group completed the acquisition of the operational rights for advertising of merchants
        under the healthcare categories on Alibaba Group’s Tmall platform. By incorporating
        advertising services into the solution portfolio for healthcare brands, it further improved the
        completeness of the platform’s business model. The total revenue of the above businesses
        amounted to RMB2,329,471,000, representing an increase of 4.1% year-on-year.




                                         ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2024 Fiscal Year Annual Report   15
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

     —     Healthcare and Digital Services Business

           During the Reporting Period, the Group continued to penetrate the areas of Internet
           healthcare and healthcare service, and leveraged on the ability of Alibaba Holding’s
           ecosystem to acquire user traffic, offer multi-level, diversified, professional and convenient
           medical and healthcare services, including medical checkups, medical consultation,
           appointment-booking, vaccination, TCM, oral care, psychological health, optometry, and
           nursing, to end users from a wide range of channels, such as Taobao, Tmall, Alipay, AMap,
           DingTalk, Freshippo and Quark, with seamless online-to-offline operation. Digital services
           business includes tracking business and “Ma Shang Fang Xin”, the Group’s proprietary
           tracking platform, continued to grow steadily, by offering more value-added services with
           further penetration into the area of distribution and increasing the coverage of retail
           terminals. During the Reporting Period, the Group recorded a revenue of RMB957,838,000
           from the healthcare and digital services business, representing a growth of 2.6%
           year-on-year.

—    Gross profit and gross profit margin

     The Group recorded a gross profit of RMB5,895,321,000 for the Reporting Period, representing an
     increase of RMB193,987,000 or 3.4% from RMB5,701,334,000 for the Corresponding Period. Gross
     profit margin for the Reporting Period was 21.8%, representing an increase as compared with
     21.3% for the Corresponding Period. This was mainly attributable to the Group’s penetration in
     the areas of operation refinement and digital upgrades during the Reporting Period, resulting in
     an optimization in operating efficiency and an improvement in pricing capabilities.

—    Fulfilment

     Warehousing, logistics and customer service expenses, commissions on the Tmall Healthcare
     Platform, payment of handling fees and relevant staff costs incurred by the Group’s
     pharmaceutical direct sales business were included in fulfilment costs. Fulfilment costs for the
     Reporting Period amounted to RMB2,413,212,000, representing a decrease of RMB493,925,000 or
     17.0% from RMB2,907,137,000 for the Corresponding Period. During the Reporting Period,
     fulfilment costs as a proportion of the revenue generated from pharmaceutical direct sales
     business decreased by approximately 2.1% to 10.2%, as compared with 12.3% for the
     Corresponding Period, reflecting an improvement in the Group’s operational efficiency in areas
     such as warehousing, logistics and customer services.




16       ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2024 Fiscal Year Annual Report
          MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

—   Sales and marketing expenses

    Sales and marketing expenses for the Reporting Period amounted to RMB1,776,564,000,
    representing an increase of RMB7,889,000 or 0.4% as compared with RMB1,768,675,000 for the
    Corresponding Period, remaining relatively steady year-on-year the previous year.

—   Administrative expenses

    Administrative expenses for the Reporting Period amounted to RMB359,980,000, representing a
    decrease of RMB19,507,000 or 5.1% as compared with RMB379,487,000 for the Corresponding
    Period, benefiting from cost controls and the continuing effect of the economies of scale.

—   Product development expenses

    Product development expenses for the Reporting Period amounted to RMB705,382,000,
    representing an increase of RMB27,560,000 or 4.1% as compared with RMB677,822,000 for the
    Corresponding Period, which was mainly due to the fact that during the Reporting Period, the
    Group increased its investment in technological research and development in areas such as
    operation refinement of its pharmaceutical direct sales business and large language model, in
    order to continuously facilitate the steady growth of various business segments.

—   Other income and gains

    Other income and gains for the Reporting Period amounted to RMB674,755,000, which primarily
    comprised interest income and gain on disposal of investments incurred during the year. The
    increase from RMB618,069,000 for the Corresponding Period was mainly due to the increase in
    interest income received during the Reporting Period.

—   Other expenses and losses

    During the Reporting Period, other expenses and losses amounted to RMB363,644,000, which
    primarily comprised changes in fair value of financial assets at fair value through profit or loss
    (“FVPL”). The increase from RMB40,836,000 for the Corresponding Period was mainly due to the
    loss in fair value of financial assets at FVPL during the Reporting Period.




                                         ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2024 Fiscal Year Annual Report   17
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

—    Share of profits of joint ventures

     Share of profits of joint ventures represents the share of net operating results of the joint
     venture held as to 13.7% by the Group, Jiangsu Zijin Hongyun Health Industry Investment
     Partnership (Limited Partnership)^ (江 蘇 紫 金 弘 雲 健 康 產 業 投 資 合 夥 企 業（有 限 合 夥）). For the
     Reporting Period, the Group’s share of profits of joint ventures was RMB1,039,000, as compared
     with RMB48,981,000 for the Corresponding Period.

—    Share of losses of associates

     The Group actively invests in the healthcare segment. The Group’s share of losses of associates
     for the Reporting Period amounted to RMB6,965,000, representing a decrease of RMB30,635,000
     as compared with the losses of RMB37,600,000 recorded for the Corresponding Period. Share of
     losses of associates for the year was mainly attributable to the fact that the progress of projects
     undertaken by some of the Group’s associates engaged in providing services to hospitals was
     delayed due to the impact of COVID-19, and that some associates were still at the
     transformation or growing stage.

—    Non-Hong Kong Financial Reporting Standard indicator in relation to profit for the year:
     Adjusted net profit

     The Group’s profit for the Reporting Period amounted to RMB883,136,000, as compared with a
     profit of RMB536,509,000 for the Corresponding Period. The Group’s adjusted net profit for the
     Reporting Period amounted to RMB1,437,928,000, as compared with an adjusted net profit of
     RMB753,615,000 for the Corresponding Period. Adjusted net profit is based on the profit for the
     corresponding period after excluding non-operating profit or loss items such as share-based
     compensation expenses, change in fair value of financial assets at FVPL (net of tax), gain on
     deemed disposal of associates (net of tax), gain on partial disposal of an associate (net of tax)
     and loss on deregistration of subsidiaries (net of tax). The adjusted net profit for the Reporting
     Period recorded an increase of RMB684,313,000, mainly attributable to the continuous growth in
     the number of users on pharmaceutical direct sales business platforms, the operation
     refinement of the Group’s business which has improved its bargaining and pricing capabilities
     and enhanced its operational efficiency, and the improvement in efficiency and cost sharing
     driven by the economies of scale on the platform.




18     ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2024 Fiscal Year Annual Report
       MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

To supplement the Group’s consolidated financial statements presented in accordance with
Hong Kong Financial Reporting Standards (“HKFRSs”), the Group has also reported its adjusted
net profit, which is not required under, or presented in accordance with, HKFRSs, as an
additional financial indicator. The Group believes that presenting the non-HKFRS indicator
together with the relevant HKFRS indicator will facilitate investors to compare its operational
performance across various periods by removing the potential impact of items which its
management considers as not indicative of its operational performance. The Group believes that
the non-HKFRS indicator provides investors and others with helpful information to understand
and assess its consolidated operational results in the same way that its management does.
However, the presentation of adjusted net profit may not be comparable with similar indicators
presented by other companies. Such non-HKFRS indicator has its limitations as an analytical
tool, and it should not be considered as being independent of the operational results or
financial position presented under HKFRSs, or as a substitute for analysing the relevant
operational results or financial position. In addition, the definition of such non-HKFRS indicator
may differ from the definitions of similar indicators used by other companies.

The adjusted net profit for the years ended March 31, 2024 and 2023 set out in the table below
represents adjustments to the most direct and comparable financial indicator calculated and
presented in accordance with HKFRSs (i.e. profit for the year):

                                                                                       For the year ended
                                                                                            March 31,
                                                                                         2024                     2023
                                                                                      RMB’000                  RMB’000
                                                                                                             (Restated)


Profit for the year                                                                    883,136                  536,509
Excluding
— Share-based compensation expenses                                                    266,059                  308,890
— Fair value losses/(gain) on financial assets at FVPL,
     net of tax                                                                        341,588                   (43,834)
— Gain on deemed disposal of associates, net of tax                                   (18,066)                  (32,123)
— Gain on partial disposal of an associate, net of tax                                 (34,789)                  (17,135)
— Loss on deregistration of subsidiaries, net of tax                                         —                     1,308


Adjusted net profit                                                                  1,437,928                  753,615




                                      ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2024 Fiscal Year Annual Report   19
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

FINANCIAL RESOURCES, LIQUIDITY AND FOREIGN EXCHANGE
EXPOSURES
For the Reporting Period, the Group met its cash requirements primarily through cash generated
from operating activities. The Group’s cash and cash equivalents represent cash and bank balances.
As at March 31, 2024 and March 31, 2023, the Group’s cash and cash equivalents amounted to
RMB9,553,110,000 and RMB10,917,171,000, respectively.

Cash flows of the Group for the years ended March 31, 2024 and 2023 were as follows:

                                                                                         For the year ended
                                                                                              March 31,
                                                                                           2024           2023
                                                                                        RMB’000        RMB’000

Net cash flows generated from operating activities                                      1,079,832       255,690
Net cash flows used in investing activities                                            (4,880,900)     (532,436)
Net cash flows used in financing activities                                            (1,982,395)     (111,278)
Net decrease in cash and cash equivalents                                              (5,783,463)     (388,024)
Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the year                                  9,236,850     9,341,427
Effects of exchange rate changes                                                           36,782       283,447
Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the year                                        3,490,169     9,236,850
Non-pledged time deposits with a holding period of
  over three months                                                                    6,062,941      1,680,321


Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the year as stated in
  the consolidated financial statements                                                9,553,110     10,917,171




20    ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2024 Fiscal Year Annual Report
           MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

Net cash flows generated from operating activities

For the Reporting Period, net cash flows generated from operating activities amounted to
RMB1,079,832,000, primarily attributable to profit before income tax from continuing operations of
RMB939,399,000, as adjusted by: (i) non-cash or non-operating activities expense items, which
primarily comprised the addition of share-based compensation expenses of RMB266,059,000, the
addition of losses on financial assets at FVPL of RMB349,854,000, and the deduction of bank and
other interest income of RMB478,030,000; (ii) changes in working capital, which primarily comprised
a decrease in trade and bills payables of RMB363,481,000, an increase in prepayments, other
receivables and other assets of RMB180,158,000, a decrease in other payables and accruals of
RMB127,953,000, an increase in contract liabilities of RMB59,617,000, a decrease in inventories of
RMB614,096,000, an increase in trade receivables of RMB211,492,000, and an increase in restricted
cash of RMB128,144,000; and (iii) addition of interest received of RMB232,246,000.

Net cash flows used in investing activities

For the Reporting Period, net cash used in investing activities amounted to RMB4,880,900,000, which
was primarily attributable to the increase of the time deposits with original maturity of over three
months of RMB4,270,918,000, net cash used in the payment of acquisition activities of
RMB131,027,000 and net cash used in the purchase of long-term time deposits of RMB694,000,000
during the Reporting Period.

Net cash flows used in financing activities

For the Reporting Period, net cash flows used in financing activities was RMB1,982,395,000, which
was primarily attributable to the net outflow of cash and cash equivalents of RMB1,838,771,000 used
in the acquisition of subsidiaries under common control, the principal portion of lease payments of
RMB39,934,000 and the payment of RMB104,568,000 for repurchase of shares of the Company by the
trustee of the share award scheme of the Company during the Reporting Period.

Gearing ratio

As at March 31, 2024, the Group did not have any borrowings, and hence no gearing ratio was
shown (March 31, 2023: Nil).

Charged on assets and contingent liabilities

As at March 31, 2024, the Group did not have any material contingent liabilities and had not
pledged any Group assets for bank loans and banking facilities.




                                        ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2024 Fiscal Year Annual Report   21
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

Liquidity

The Group’s operations and transactions are principally conducted in the PRC. The Group prudently
managed its treasury functions and maintained a healthy liquidity position throughout the Reporting
Period. The Board closely monitors the Group’s liquidity position to ensure that the liquidity structure
of our assets, liabilities and other commitments can meet the Group’s funding requirements from
time to time.

Foreign exchange exposures

Except for a certain amount of bank balances and cash, most of the Group’s bank balances and
cash are placed in fixed deposits and are denominated in Hong Kong dollars, Renminbi and United
States dollars, while other assets and liabilities are mainly denominated in either Hong Kong dollars
or Renminbi. The Group changed its presentation currency from Hong Kong dollars to Renminbi
starting from the year ended March 31, 2016 to better reflect its operations in the PRC and to be
consistent with the internal reporting portfolio reviewed by the Directors. The Group does not have
foreign exchange hedging policy, but the management will continue to closely monitor exchange
rate fluctuations and will take appropriate measures to keep foreign exchange risk exposure to the
minimum. The Group does not use any financial instruments for hedging purposes.


EMPLOYEES AND REMUNERATION POLICIES
The number of full-time employees of the Group as at March 31, 2024 was 1,435 (March 31, 2023:
1,560). Total staff costs of the Group for the Reporting Period amounted to RMB1,097.3 million (for
the Corresponding Period: RMB1,223.0 million). All staff employed by the Group in Hong Kong
participated in the Mandatory Provident Fund Scheme.

The Group’s policy is to maintain a competitive pay structure and its employees are rewarded based
on their performance. The remuneration packages for its employees primarily comprise one or more
of the following elements: basic salary, performance-based incentive bonus and discretionary
year-end bonus. The Group continuously provides tailored trainings to its employees.

The Group also adopted a share award scheme (the “Share Award Scheme”) as approved by the
shareholders of the Company (the “Shareholders”) on November 24, 2014 and amended on August
11, 2023. Pursuant to the Share Award Scheme, the Board may grant awards in the form of
restricted share units (“RSUs”) or options (“Options”) to eligible participants, including the Directors,
the directors of the Company’s subsidiaries, the employees of the Group or any other persons who,
as determined by the Board in its absolute discretion, have contributed or will contribute to the
Group.




22     ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2024 Fiscal Year Annual Report
            MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

SIGNIFICANT INVESTMENTS, MATERIAL ACQUISITIONS AND
DISPOSALS OF SUBSIDIARIES, ASSOCIATES AND JOINT VENTURES
The Company has its own treasury policy setting out the selection guidelines and relevant approval
procedures for acceptable short-term investments and financial assets with reference to its risk
management policy. According to such treasury policy, the Company can invest in products including
non-equity financial asset investments with strong liquidity which can be realized either at any time
or within a short period of time. According to the Company’s prevailing approval procedures, any
investment decision related to financial assets shall be approved by the financial and treasury
manager of the Company, and shall, depending on the size of the investment, be approved by the
financial controller or chief financial officer. As at March 31, 2024, the Company did not have any
short-term investment at FVPL (balance as at March 31, 2023: Nil).

During the Reporting Period, the Company completed the acquisition of the entire issued share
capital of AJK Technology Holding Limited. For details, please refer to the paragraph headed “(a)
Connected Transaction — Share Purchase Agreement” in the section headed “Directors’ Report”.

Save as disclosed above, during the Reporting Period, the Group did not have any significant
investments nor did the Group carry out any material acquisition and disposal of subsidiaries,
associates and joint ventures.


FUTURE PLANS FOR MATERIAL INVESTMENTS AND CAPITAL
ASSETS
As at the date of this report, the Group did not have any future plans for material investments and
capital assets.

^   For identification purposes only




                                        ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2024 Fiscal Year Annual Report   23
DIRECTORS’ REPORT

The Board of Alibaba Health Information Technology Limited presents its report and the audited
financial statements for the Reporting Period.


PRINCIPAL ACTIVITIES
The Company is an investment holding company and the Group is primarily engaged in the
pharmaceutical direct sales business, pharmaceutical e-commerce platform business and healthcare
and digital services business.


BUSINESS REVIEW
Review of Business

A review of the Group’s business is set out in this report, including the principal risks and
uncertainties faced by such business which are described under the paragraph headed “4.
Disclosure of Material Risks” in the section headed “Risk Management and Internal Control” of this
report on pages 102 to 104 and the paragraph headed “Risks associated with the Contractual
Arrangements and the actions taken by the Group to mitigate the risks” in the section headed
“Directors’ Report” of this report on pages 66 to 67, and its possible future development is
described under the paragraph headed “5. Outlook and Key Actions for FY2025” in the section
headed “Risk Management and Internal Control” of this report on page 105.

Analysis of Performance and Financial Position

The key financial figures and financial position of the Group for the Reporting Period and the
relevant analysis are set out under the paragraphs headed “Financial Review” and “Financial
Resources, Liquidity and Foreign Exchange Exposures”, respectively, in the section headed
“Management Discussion and Analysis” of this report on pages 14 to 19 and pages 20 to 22,
respectively.

Environmental Policies and Performance

The Group is committed to promoting environmentally friendly business practices and raising
awareness on the conservation of natural resources. By utilizing intranet systems, our staff can
accomplish some of their administrative work electronically which reduces the use of office supplies.
We also encourage prudent electricity consumption. Our staff are advised to switch off any lights in
unoccupied areas. We believe that taking active measures in minimizing wasteful material and
energy consumption in the course of conducting our business will not only bring economic benefits
but also assist in the preservation of the natural environment.




24    ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2024 Fiscal Year Annual Report
                                                                  DIRECTORS’ REPORT

Compliance with Laws and Regulations

The Group recognizes the importance of compliance with legal and regulatory requirements. Internal
compliance and risk management policies and procedures are in place to ensure the Group’s
adherence and compliance with all significant and applicable legal and regulatory requirements in
Hong Kong and the PRC. During the Reporting Period and up to the date of this report, to the best
knowledge of the Directors, the Group has complied in all material respects with the applicable laws
and regulations of Hong Kong and the PRC which have a significant impact on the business and
operations of the Group, including in respect of its principal businesses (namely the pharmaceutical
direct sales business, pharmaceutical e-commerce platform business and healthcare and digital
services business), its employment and labor practices and environmental protection, etc. The Group
has also obtained all licenses, approvals and permits from the relevant regulatory authorities that
are material for its business operations in the PRC.

Relationships with Key Stakeholders

The Group’s success depends on the support from the key stakeholders which include its employees,
customers and suppliers.

Employees

Employees are regarded as the most important and valuable assets of the Group. The number of
full-time employees of the Group as at March 31, 2024 was 1,435 (1,560 as at March 31, 2023). The
Group’s policy is to maintain a competitive pay structure and employees are rewarded based on
their performance and with appropriate incentives including cash bonuses and through the use of
the Share Award Scheme, details of which are set out under the paragraph headed “Share Award
Scheme” in the section headed “Directors’ Report” of this report on pages 33 to 39.

Customers

The Group believes that effective communications are the key to maintaining a good relationship
with its customers. Various means have been established to strengthen the communications between
the Group and its customers, including seeking more regular feedback through direct engagement
with customers and also through industry seminars and forums for better understanding of industry
trends and demands. The Group continually strives to improve service quality and to provide better
customer experience.

Suppliers

Sound relationships with key suppliers of the Group are important in managing the supply chain,
meeting business challenges and complying with regulatory requirements, which can drive cost
effectiveness and foster long-term business benefits. We seek to develop long-standing relationships
with our key suppliers and to explore with them ways to improve supply chain efficiencies.




                                        ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2024 Fiscal Year Annual Report   25
DIRECTORS’ REPORT

RESULTS AND DIVIDENDS
The Board does not recommend the payment of a final dividend for the Reporting Period (for the
Corresponding Period: Nil).

The Group is not aware of any arrangement under which a Shareholder has waived or agreed to
waive any dividend.


SUMMARY FINANCIAL INFORMATION
A summary of the published results and assets, liabilities and non-controlling interests of the Group
for the last five financial years, as extracted from the audited financial statements and restated as
appropriate, is set out on page 228. This summary does not form part of the audited financial
statements.


SHARE CAPITAL, SHARE OPTIONS AND RSUS
Details of movements in the Company’s share capital, share options and RSUs during the Reporting
Period are set out in notes 28 to 29 to the consolidated financial statements.


PURCHASE, REDEMPTION OR SALE OF LISTED SECURITIES OF THE
COMPANY
During the Reporting Period, neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries purchased, redeemed
or sold any of the Company’s listed securities, except that in May 2023 and March 2024, a trustee of
the Share Award Scheme purchased a total of 33,018,000 ordinary shares of the Company (the
“Shares”) on the market for a total consideration of approximately HK$113,672,000 (equivalent to
approximately RMB104,568,000), to satisfy the share awards granted under the Share Award Scheme
to the employees of the Company upon vesting.


ISSUE OF CONSIDERATION SHARES
On January 17, 2024, the Company allotted and issued an aggregate 2,558,222,222 Shares to
Taobao Holding Limited as partial consideration for the acquisition of the entire share capital in AJK
Technology Holding Limited under specific mandate that was granted by the Shareholders. For
details, please refer to the announcements of the Company dated November 28, 2023 and January
17, 2024 and the circular of the Company dated December 22, 2023. The issue of consideration
Shares did not generate any proceeds to the Company in terms of cash.




26    ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2024 Fiscal Year Annual Report
                                                                   DIRECTORS’ REPORT

ISSUE FOR CASH OF EQUITY SECURITIES
Placing of New Shares under General Mandate

On August 5, 2020, the Company entered into a placing agreement (the “Placing Agreement”) with
Citigroup Global Markets Limited and Credit Suisse (Hong Kong) Limited (the “Placing Agents”) in
relation to the placing of an aggregate of 498,753,118 new ordinary shares of the Company (the
“Placing Share(s)”) at the placing price of HK$20.05 per Placing Share (exclusive of brokerage,
transaction levy of the Securities and Futures Commission and trading fee of the Stock Exchange
payable by the purchasers) (the “Placing Price”) on the terms and conditions set out in the Placing
Agreement (the “Placing”). The aggregate nominal value of the Placing Shares was
HK$4,987,531.18. The Placing Price of HK$20.05 per Placing Share represents (i) a discount of
approximately 8.03% to the closing price of HK$21.80 per share as quoted on the Stock Exchange on
August 4, 2020, being the last trading day immediately prior to the date of the Placing Agreement;
and (ii) a discount of approximately 6.18% to the average closing price of HK$21.37 per share as
quoted on the Stock Exchange for the last five consecutive trading days up to and including August
4, 2020, being the date immediately prior to the date of the Placing Agreement. As stated in the
daily quotation sheets issued by the Stock Exchange, on August 5, 2020, being the date which the
Placing Agreement was entered into, the closing price per share was HK$21.25. The Group
conducted the Placing based on its insights into, and optimism for the prospects of, the Internet
healthcare industry, as well as the need for the Group to further develop its healthcare business and
continue its rapid development. The Group viewed the Placing as an opportunity for the Group to
raise capital while broadening its shareholder and capital base.

The Placing was completed on August 12, 2020 (the “Completion Date”), where a total of
498,753,118 new ordinary shares of the Company, representing approximately 3.71% of the total
issued share capital of the Company as at the Completion Date (as enlarged by the allotment and
issue of the Placing Shares), have been successfully placed to not less than six placees at a price of
HK$20.05 per Placing Share who are professional, institutional and/or individual investors. The
Placing Shares were allotted and issued under the general mandate granted by the Shareholders at
the annual general meeting of the Company held on July 30, 2020.

The aggregate gross proceeds from the Placing amount to approximately HK$10,000.0 million and
the aggregate net proceeds (after deduction of the commissions and expenses relating to the
Placing) from the Placing amount to approximately HK$9,964.2 million (the “Placing Net Proceeds”),
representing a net issue price of approximately HK$19.98 per Placing Share. For further details of the
Placing, please refer to the announcements of the Company dated August 5, 2020 and August 12,
2020 (the “Placing Announcements”).




                                         ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2024 Fiscal Year Annual Report   27
DIRECTORS’ REPORT

As at March 31, 2024, the Group had applied the Placing Net Proceeds as follows:

                                         Planned use of                 Total
                                             Placing Net          amount of
                                            Proceeds as          Placing Net         Actual use of                   Expected timeframe
                                               disclosed            Proceeds           Placing Net        Unutilized for utilizing
                                          in the Placing       utilized as at     Proceeds for the           Placing the Placing Net
Use of Placing Net Proceeds             Announcements         March 31, 2023      Reporting Period     Net Proceeds Proceeds (Note)


Develop the Group’s                       Approximately             HK$3,950.1            HK$3,474.1      HK$547.2    March 31, 2024—
  pharmaceutical and                 HK$7,971.4 million—               million               million       million—     March 31, 2027
  healthcare omni-channel             HK$8,967.8 million                                                 HK$1,543.6
  business and medical and                                                                                  million
  healthcare services business


Further develop the Group’s              Approximately                HK$892.5             HK$199.6           HK$0    March 31, 2024—
   digital infrastructure and         HK$996.4 million—                 million              million       million—     March 31, 2027
   innovative business                HK$1,992.8 million                                                  HK$900.7
                                                                                                            million

Note:

The Placing Net Proceeds have been and will be applied in the manner consistent with the use of proceeds as disclosed in
the Placing Announcements. The expected timeframe for utilizing the Placing Net Proceeds is based on the best estimation of
the future market conditions made by the Group as at the date of this report. It will be subject to change based on the
current and future developments of market conditions. The Board considers that the expected timeline of the full utilization of
the unutilized Placing Net Proceeds shall be within coming three years, up to March 31, 2027 having taken into account the
recent market conditions and the business environment and development of the Group. The Company will continue to closely
monitor future developments in the market and economic environment in order to optimize the Group’s resources and
timeframe for the application of the unutilized Placing Net Proceeds. The remaining unutilized portion of the Placing Net
Proceeds has been deposited in reputable banks.


Save as disclosed above and the Options exercised by the relevant grantees under the Share Award
Scheme as disclosed in this report, the Company had not issued for cash any equity securities
(including securities convertible into equity securities) for the Reporting Period and no other
proceeds has been brought forward from any issue of securities for cash as at March 31, 2024.




28       ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2024 Fiscal Year Annual Report
                                                                  DIRECTORS’ REPORT

DEBENTURES
During the Reporting Period, the Company did not issue any debentures.


EQUITY-LINKED AGREEMENTS
During the Reporting Period, the Company did not enter into any equity-linked agreements in
respect of its shares.


PRE-EMPTIVE RIGHTS
There are no provisions for pre-emptive rights under the Company’s bye-laws or the laws of
Bermuda which would oblige the Company to offer new Shares on a pro rata basis to the existing
Shareholders.


DISTRIBUTABLE RESERVES
The Company did not have any reserves available for distribution at the end of the Reporting Period.
However, the Company’s share premium account, in the amount of approximately
RMB51,374,724,000, may be distributed in the form of fully paid bonus Shares.


MAJOR CUSTOMERS AND SUPPLIERS
During the Reporting Period, sales to the Group’s five largest customers accounted for less than 30%
of the total sales for the year, and purchases from the Group’s five largest suppliers accounted for
less than 30% of the total purchases for the year.


ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE
For the purpose of disclosing the environmental, social and governance (the “ESG”) information in
accordance with the ESG Reporting Guide in Appendix C2 to the Rules Governing the Listing of
Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “Stock Exchange”) (the “Listing
Rules”), the Company has engaged an external consultant to identify material ESG issues of the
Group and assist in the reporting of the Group’s performance based on its ESG management
approach, strategy, priorities and objectives. For details of the Company’s ESG policies and
performance and its compliance with the relevant laws and regulations, please refer to pages 24 to
25 of this report.




                                        ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2024 Fiscal Year Annual Report   29
DIRECTORS’ REPORT

DIRECTORS
The Directors during the Reporting Period and up to the date of this report were:

Executive Directors:

Mr. ZHU Shunyan (Chairman) (former Chief Executive Officer and resigned as the Chief Executive
  Officer with effect from the close of business on November 28, 2023)
Mr. SHEN Difan (Chief Executive Officer) (appointed as the Chief Executive Officer with effect from
  the close of business on November 28, 2023)
Mr. TU Yanwu

Non-executive Directors:

Mr. LI Faguang (resigned on May 15, 2023)
Ms. HUANG Jiaojiao (appointed on May 15, 2023)
Mr. XU Haipeng (appointed on October 19, 2023)

Independent Non-executive Directors:

Mr. LUO Tong (retired on August 11, 2023)
Mr. WONG King On, Samuel (retired on August 11, 2023)
Ms. HUANG Yi Fei (Vanessa)
Dr. SHAO Rong (appointed on August 11, 2023)
Ms. WU May Yihong (appointed on August 11, 2023)

Since the date of the annual report on May 23, 2023 for the Corresponding Period and up to the
date of this report, the changes to the information which are required to be disclosed pursuant to
paragraphs (a) to (e) and (g) of Rule 13.51(2) of the Listing Rules is as below:

On May 15, 2023, Mr. LI Faguang ceased to serve as a non-executive Director and a member of the
remuneration committee of the Company (the “Remuneration Committee”). On the same date,
Ms. HUANG Jiaojiao was appointed and has taken over the above duties. For details, please refer to
the announcement of the Company dated May 15, 2023. Ms. HUANG Jiaojiao has obtained legal
advice referred to Rule 3.09D of the Listing Rules on May 18, 2023 and has confirmed she
understood her obligations as a Director.




30    ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2024 Fiscal Year Annual Report
                                                                  DIRECTORS’ REPORT

On August 11, 2023, Mr. LUO Tong ceased to serve as an independent non-executive Director, a
member of each of the audit committee (the “Audit Committee”) and the nomination committee
(the “Nomination Committee”) of the Company; and Mr. WONG King On, Samuel ceased to serve as
an independent non-executive Director, the chairman of the Audit Committee and a member of each
of the Nomination Committee and the Remuneration Committee. On the same date, Dr. SHAO Rong
was appointed as an independent non-executive Director and a member of each of the Audit
Committee and the Nomination Committee; and Ms. WU May Yihong was appointed as an
independent non-executive Director, the chairman of the Audit Committee and a member of each of
the Nomination Committee and the Remuneration Committee. For details, please refer to the
announcement of the Company dated August 11, 2023. Dr. SHAO Rong has obtained legal advice
referred to Rule 3.09D of the Listing Rules on August 16, 2023 and has confirmed she understood
her obligations as a Director. Ms. WU May Yihong has obtained legal advice referred to Rule 3.09D
of the Listing Rules on August 11, 2023 and has confirmed she understood her obligations as a
Director.

On October 19, 2023, Mr. XU Haipeng has been appointed as a non-executive Director. For details,
please refer to the announcement of the Company dated October 19, 2023. Mr. XU Haipeng has
obtained legal advice referred to Rule 3.09D of the Listing Rules on November 3, 2023 and has
confirmed he understood his obligations as a Director.

With effect from the close of business on November 28, 2023, (i) Mr. ZHU Shunyan ceased to serve
as the chief executive officer of the Company (the “Chief Executive Officer”) and one of the
authorized representatives of the Company under the Listing Rules (the “Authorized
Representative(s)”); and (ii) Mr. SHEN Difan has been appointed as the Chief Executive Officer and
one of the Authorized Representatives. For details, please refer to the announcement of the
Company dated November 28, 2023.

With effect from December 2023, Dr. Shao Rong was appointed as an independent director of
Shanghai InnoStar Bio-tech Co., Ltd., a company listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange (stock code:
A06142). Her term as an independent director of I-Mab, a company listed on the Nasdaq Global
Market (stock symbol: IMAB) ended on June 27, 2024.

With effect from May 15, 2024, Ms. WU May Yihong was appointed as an independent director and
chairperson of the audit committee of MakeMyTrip Limited, a company listed on the Nasdaq Global
Market (stock symbol: MMYT).

Save as disclosed above, there were no other changes in information in respect of Directors and
chief executive which are required to be disclosed pursuant to Rule 13.51B(1) of the Listing Rules.

In accordance with bye-law 84(1) and (2) of the bye-laws of the Company (the “Bye-Laws”),
Ms. HUANG Yi Fei (Vanessa), Dr. SHAO Rong and Ms. WU May Yihong will retire at the forthcoming
annual general meeting of the Company (the “2024 AGM”). All of them being eligible, will offer
themselves for re-election at the 2024 AGM. Mr. XU Haipeng, who was appointed as a non-executive
Director on October 19, 2023, shall hold office only until the 2024 AGM in accordance with bye-law
83(2) of the Bye-Laws. Being eligible, Mr. XU Haipeng will offer himself for re-election at the 2024
AGM.



                                        ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2024 Fiscal Year Annual Report   31
DIRECTORS’ REPORT

The non-executive Directors and independent non-executive Directors are appointed for a term of
one year. Their appointment shall be renewable automatically for successive terms of one year each
commencing from the next day after the expiry of the then current term of their appointment unless
terminated by the Company in accordance with the terms of their appointment letters and the
provisions of the Bye-Laws, respectively.

During the Reporting Period and up to the date of this report, (i) the Company had three
independent non-executive Directors representing at least one-third of the Board; and (ii) the
composition of each of the Board, the Audit Committee and the Remuneration Committee was fully
compliant with Rule 3.10(1), Rule 3.10A, Rule 3.21 and Rule 3.25 of the Listing Rules. The Company
has received, from each of the independent non-executive Directors, an annual confirmation of his or
her independence pursuant to Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules and accordingly considers them to be
independent.


DIRECTORS’ AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT’S BIOGRAPHIES
Biographical details of the Directors and the senior management of the Group are set out on pages
73 to 78 of this report.


DIRECTORS’ SERVICE CONTRACTS
No Director proposed for re-election at the 2024 AGM has a service contract with the Company which
is not determinable by the Company within one year without payment of compensation, other than
statutory compensation.


DIRECTORS’ REMUNERATION
The emoluments of the Directors are determined having regard to the Company’s operating results,
individual performance and comparable market statistics. The details of the Directors’ emoluments
are set out in note 7 to the consolidated financial statements in this report. During the Reporting
Period, there was no arrangement under which a Director waived or agreed to waive any
remuneration and no remuneration was paid by the Group to a Director as an inducement to join or
upon joining the Group or as compensation for loss of office.

The Directors are also eligible to be granted Share Awards under the Share Award Scheme. The
details of the scheme are set out in note 29 to the consolidated financial statements.




32    ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2024 Fiscal Year Annual Report
                                                                  DIRECTORS’ REPORT

SHARE AWARD SCHEME
At the special general meeting of the Company held on November 24, 2014 (the “Adoption Date”),
the Shareholders approved the adoption of the Share Award Scheme. To bring the Share Award
Scheme in line with the Listing Rules Share Scheme Amendments which came into effect on January
1, 2023, the Board proposed to amend the rules of the Share Award Scheme and make other
consequential and housekeeping changes. Pursuant to an ordinary resolution passed at the annual
general meeting of the Company held on August 11, 2023 (the “New Approval Date”), the Company
approved to amend the rules of the Share Award Scheme.

The following is a summary of the principal terms of the Share Award Scheme:

(a) Purposes of the Share Award Scheme

    The purposes of the Share Award Scheme are to enable the Company to grant share awards
    (which may take the form of an Option and/or an RSU) (the “Share Awards”) to eligible
    participants as incentives and/or rewards for their contributions to the Group, to reward the
    personnel who have contributed to the development and success of the Group, to incentivize
    them to remain with the Group, to motivate them to strive for the future development and
    expansion of the Group, and to attract skilled and experienced personnel for the further
    development and expansion of the Group by providing them with the opportunity to acquire
    equity interests in the Company.

(b) Eligibility of Participation in the Share Award Scheme

    The participants under the Share Award Scheme (the “Eligible Participants”) shall include:

    (i)   directors and full-time and part-time employees of the Group (including persons who are
          granted Share Awards under the Share Award Scheme as an inducement to enter into
          employment contracts with any member of the Group);

    (ii) directors and employees of the holding companies, fellow subsidiaries or associated
         companies of the Company (including Alibaba Group); and




                                        ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2024 Fiscal Year Annual Report   33
DIRECTORS’ REPORT

     (iii) any persons who provide services to the Group on a continuing or recurring basis in its
           ordinary and usual course of business that are beneficial to the long-term development of
           the Group (the “Service Providers”), including: (a) suppliers of services to any member of
           the Group; and (b) advisors (professional or otherwise) or consultants to any area of
           business or business development of any member of the Group. For the avoidance of doubt,
           the Service Providers shall exclude placing agents or financial advisers providing advisory
           services to the Group for fundraising, mergers or acquisitions and professional service
           providers such as auditors or valuers who provide assurance or are required to perform
           their services to the Group with impartiality and objectivity.

     The eligibility of any of the participants to a Share Award shall be determined by the Board
     from time to time on the basis of the Board’s opinion as to his/her contribution and/or future
     contribution to the development and growth of the Group.

(c) Total number of Shares to be granted

     The total number of Shares that may be issued in respect of the Share Awards granted under
     the Share Award Scheme and any other share schemes of the Company (the “Scheme Mandate
     Limit”) shall not exceed 10% of the Shares in issue as at the New Approval Date (i.e.
     1,353,327,854 Shares, representing approximately 8.41% of the Shares in issue as at the date of
     this report) or 10% of the Shares in issue as at the date of approving the refreshed Scheme
     Mandate Limit.

     The total number of Shares that may be issued in respect of the Share Awards granted to the
     Service Providers under the Share Award Scheme and any other share schemes of the Company
     (the “Service Provider Sublimit”) shall not exceed 1% of the Shares in issue as at the New
     Approval Date (i.e. 135,332,785 Shares, representing approximately 0.84% of the Shares in issue
     as at the date of this report), or 1% of the Shares in issue as at the date of approving the
     refreshed Service Provider Sublimit.

(d) Maximum entitlement of each Eligible Participant

     The maximum number of Shares issued and to be issued and/or transferred and to be
     transferred upon the vesting or exercise of the Share Awards granted to each Eligible Participant
     pursuant to the Share Award Scheme (including all vested, exercised and outstanding Share
     Awards and excluding all Share Awards lapsed in accordance with the terms of the Share Award
     Scheme) in any 12-month period up to and including the date of grant shall not (when
     aggregated with any Shares underlying the awards granted during such period pursuant to any
     other share award schemes of the Company) exceed 1% of the Shares in issue as at the date of
     grant. Any further grant of options in excess of this 1% limit must be separately approved by
     Shareholders in general meeting with such Eligible Participant and his/her close associates (or
     his/her associates if the Participant is a connected person) abstaining from voting. The
     Company must send a circular to Shareholders containing the relevant information as required
     under the Listing Rules.




34     ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2024 Fiscal Year Annual Report
                                                                   DIRECTORS’ REPORT

(e) Time for exercise of Options

    An Option may be exercised at any time during the period to be determined by the Board and
    notified to the grantee in the offer made to such grantee by notice (the “Notice of Grant”),
    which period shall commence on the vesting date and shall expire no later than ten years from
    the date of grant or such other period as may be determined by the Board in accordance with
    the terms of the Share Award Scheme and the terms on which the Option was granted.

(f) Vesting period of the Share Awards

    The Board or the remuneration committee of the Company (the “Remuneration Committee”)
    (as the case may be) is entitled to impose any terms and conditions as it deems appropriate in
    its absolute discretion with respect to the entitlement and/or vesting of the Share Awards
    provided that the vesting period for the Share Awards shall not be less than 12 months unless
    under the specific circumstances including: (a) granting Share Awards to new employees to
    replace the share awards they forfeited (the “Forfeited Awards”) when leaving their previous
    employers. The vesting period for such Share Awards will be the same as the vesting period of
    the Forfeited Awards (which may be less than 12 months); (b) granting Share Awards to an
    Eligible Participant whose employment or service (as the case may be) was terminated due to
    death, disability or event of force majeure; (c) granting Share Awards which are subject to the
    fulfilment of performance targets (as opposed to time-based conditions); (d) granting Share
    Awards the timing of which is determined by administrative or compliance requirements not
    connected with the performance of the Eligible Participant, in which case the vesting date may
    be adjusted to take account of the date on which an offer of a Share Award is made to the
    Eligible Participant, if not for such administrative or compliance requirements; (e) granting Share
    Awards with a mixed vesting schedule such that the Share Awards would vest evenly over a
    period of 12 months; or (f) granting Share Awards with a total vesting and holding period of
    more than 12 months.

(g) Consideration for acceptance

    The Company may, in its discretion, require the grantee to pay a remittance of HK$1.00 (or such
    other amount in any other currency as the Board may determine) as consideration for the grant
    of an Option and/or RSU within the time period as set out in the Notice of Grant. Such
    remittance is not refundable in any circumstances.




                                         ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2024 Fiscal Year Annual Report   35
DIRECTORS’ REPORT

(h) Exercise/Purchase price

      The exercise price of an Option shall be determined at the date of grant by the Board in its
      absolute discretion but in any event shall not be less than the highest of: (a) the closing price of
      the Shares as stated in the daily quotations sheets issued by the Stock Exchange on the date of
      grant, which must be a business day; (b) the average closing price of the Shares as stated in
      the daily quotation sheets issued by the Stock Exchange for the five Business Days immediately
      preceding the date of grant; and (c) the nominal value of the Share.

      The Board and the Remuneration Committee may determine and specify the purchase price of
      the RSUs (if any) in the Notice of Grant, which shall be based on considerations such as the
      prevailing market price of the Shares, the purpose of the RSU and the characteristics and profile
      of the relevant Participant.

(i)   Remaining life of the Share Award Scheme

      A resolution will be proposed at the 2024 AGM for the adoption of a new share award scheme
      to replace the Share Award Scheme, subject to the approval from the Shareholders on such
      resolution, the Share Award Scheme will be terminated at the conclusion of the 2024 AGM,
      otherwise the Share Award Scheme shall be valid and effective for a term of ten years
      commencing from the Adoption Date, until November 23, 2024.

As at April 1, 2023, Share Awards in respect of a total of 399,112,399 underlying shares, which
represent approximately 2.95% of the Company’s total issued shares as at April 1, 2023, remain
available to be granted under the specific mandate granted at the annual general meeting of the
Company held on August 5, 2022 to the Directors to exercise all the powers of the Company to grant
Share Awards, which had lapsed at the conclusion of the annual general meeting held on the New
Approval Date.

As at March 31, 2024, Share Awards in respect of a total of 1,340,537,307 and 135,332,785
underlying shares, which represent approximately 8.33% and 0.84% of the Company’s total issued
shares as at March 31, 2024, remain available to be granted under the Scheme Mandate Limit and
the Service Provider Sublimit, respectively. The number of shares of the Company that may be issued
in respect of the Options and RSUs granted under the Share Award Scheme during the Reporting
Period divided by the weighted average number of the shares of the Company in issue for the
Reporting Period is 0.49%.




36      ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2024 Fiscal Year Annual Report
                                                                                                                                          DIRECTORS’ REPORT

Details of the options and RSUs granted during the Reporting Period and/or outstanding as at
March 31, 2024 under the Share Award Scheme are as below:

                                                                                                                                                                                                                         Number of
                                                                                                                                                                                                                             shares
                                Number of                                                                                                                                                                               represented
                                    shares                                                                                                                                                      Options or             by options or
                            represented by                                                                                                                                                            RSUs                     RSUs
                           options or RSUs                                                                                                                                           Options       lapsed/              outstanding
Name of option                 outstanding    Date of grant/        Granted during                                                                                                 exercised     cancelled RSUs vested         as at
holders/grantees                      as at   conditional            the Reporting                                                                         Purchase    Exercise   during the    during the during the March 31,
of RSU           Nature    March 31, 2023     grant                         Period   Vesting period           Excise period           Performance target       price      price     period(6)       period      period         2024
                                                                                                                                                              (HK$)      (HK$)


Mr. ZHU Shunyan Options          2,900,000    June 15, 2020                     —    Within six years from    Within ten years from   None                       Nil    19.940             —            —            —     2,900,000
                                                                                        June 15, 2020            June 15, 2020
                 Options           421,250    June 15, 2021                     —    Within six years from    Within ten years from   None                       Nil    18.212             —            —            —       421,250
                                                                                        June 15, 2021            June 15, 2021
                 Options         1,290,125    June 15, 2022                     —    Within six years from    Within ten years from   None                       Nil     4.920             —            —            —     1,290,125
                                                                                        June 15, 2022            June 15, 2022
                 Options                 —    June 15, 2023(1)(5)        1,381,250   Within six years from    Within ten years from   None                       Nil     5.160             —            —            —     1,381,250
                                                                                        June 15, 2023            June 15, 2023
                 RSUs              250,000    June 15, 2020                     —    Within six years from    —                       None                       Nil         —             —            —       125,000      125,000
                                                                                        June 15, 2020
                 RSUs              126,375    June 15, 2021                     —    Within six years from    —                       None                       Nil         —             —            —        14,041      112,334
                                                                                        June 15, 2021
                 RSUs              516,050    June 15, 2022                     —    Within six years from    —                       None                       Nil         —             —            —        86,009      430,041
                                                                                        June 15, 2022
                 RSUs                    —    June 15, 2023(1)(5)          552,500   Within six years from    —                       None                       Nil         —             —            —            —       552,500
                                                                                        June 15, 2023
Total            Options         4,611,375    —                         1,381,250    —                        —                       —                           —          —             —            —            —     5,992,625
                 RSUs              892,425    —                           552,500    —                        —                       —                           —          —             —            —      225,050     1,219,875

Mr. SHEN Difan   Options           336,750    June 15, 2021                     —    Within four years from   Within ten years from   None                       Nil    18.212             —            —            —       336,750
                                                                                        June 15, 2021            June 15, 2021
                 Options         1,062,750    June 15, 2022                     —    Within four years from   Within ten years from   None                       Nil     4.920             —            —            —     1,062,750
                                                                                        June 15, 2022            June 15, 2022
                 Options                 —    June 15, 2023(1)(5)        1,302,750   Within four years from   Within ten years from   None                       Nil     5.160             —            —            —     1,302,750
                                                                                        June 15, 2023            June 15, 2023
                 RSUs              101,025    June 15, 2021                     —    Within four years from   —                       None                       Nil         —             —            —        33,675       67,350
                                                                                        June 15, 2021
                 RSUs              425,100    June 15, 2022                     —    Within four years from   —                       None                       Nil         —             —            —       106,275      318,825
                                                                                        June 15, 2022
                 RSUs                    —    June 15, 2023(1)(5)          521,100   Within four years from   —                       None                       Nil         —             —            —            —       521,100
                                                                                        June 15, 2023
Total            Options         1,399,500    —                         1,302,750    —                        —                       —                           —          —             —            —            —     2,702,250
                 RSUs              526,125    —                           521,100    —                        —                       —                           —          —             —            —      139,950       907,275
Mr. TU Yanwu     Options           145,000    June 15, 2020                     —    Within four years from   Within ten years from   None                       Nil    19.940             —            —            —       145,000
                                                                                        June 15, 2020            June 15, 2020
                 Options            67,250    June 15, 2021                     —    Within four years from   Within ten years from   None                       Nil    18.212             —            —            —        67,250
                                                                                        June 15, 2021            June 15, 2021
                 Options           283,250    June 15, 2022                     —    Within four years from   Within ten years from   None                       Nil     4.920             —            —            —       283,250
                                                                                        June 15, 2022            June 15, 2022
                 Options                 —    June 15, 2023(1)(5)          255,750   Within four years from   Within ten years from   None                       Nil     5.160             —            —            —       255,750
                                                                                        June 15, 2023            June 15, 2023
                 RSUs              192,500    September 18,                     —    Within four years from   —                       None                       Nil         —             —            —       192,500           —
                                                 2019                                   September 18, 2019
                 RSUs               29,000    June 15, 2020                     —    Within four years from   —                       None                       Nil         —             —            —        14,500       14,500
                                                                                        June 15, 2020
                 RSUs               20,175    June 15, 2021                     —    Within four years from   —                       None                       Nil         —             —            —         6,725       13,450
                                                                                        June 15, 2021
                 RSUs              113,300    June 15, 2022                     —    Within four years from   —                       None                       Nil         —             —            —        28,325       84,975
                                                                                        June 15, 2022
                 RSUs                    —    June 15, 2023(1)(5)          102,300   Within four years from   —                       None                       Nil         —             —            —            —       102,300
                                                                                        June 15, 2023
Total            Options           495,500    —                           255,750    —                        —                       —                           —          —             —            —            —      751,250
                 RSUs              354,975    —                           102,300    —                        —                       —                           —          —             —            —      242,050      215,225




                                                                                                 ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2024 Fiscal Year Annual Report                                                 37
DIRECTORS’ REPORT

                                                                                                                                                                                                                             Number of
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 shares
                                  Number of                                                                                                                                                                                 represented
                                      shares                                                                                                                                                        Options or             by options or
                              represented by                                                                                                                                                              RSUs                     RSUs
                             options or RSUs                                                                                                                                             Options       lapsed/              outstanding
Name of option                   outstanding    Date of grant/        Granted during                                                                                                   exercised     cancelled RSUs vested         as at
holders/grantees                        as at   conditional            the Reporting                                                                           Purchase    Exercise   during the    during the during the March 31,
of RSU           Nature      March 31, 2023     grant                         Period   Vesting period             Excise period           Performance target       price      price     period(6)       period      period         2024
                                                                                                                                                                  (HK$)      (HK$)


Three of the five RSUs               268,500    December 15,                      —    Within four years from     —                       None                       Nil         —             —            —            —       268,500
   highest paid                                    2020                                   December 15, 2020
   employees of RSUs                 587,950    June 15, 2022                     —    Within four years from     —                       None                       Nil         —             —            —        98,113      489,837
   the Group                                                                              June 15, 2022
                  RSUs               947,311    September 15,                     —    Within four years from     —                       None                       Nil         —             —            —       473,655      473,656
                                                   2022                                   September 15, 2022
                  RSUs                     —    June 15, 2023(1)(5)          177,200   Within four years from     —                       None                       Nil         —             —            —            —       177,200
                                                                                          June 15, 2023
                  RSUs                     —    September 15,              2,364,847   Within four years from     —                       50% of the RSUs            Nil         —             —            —       676,924    1,687,923
                                                   2023(2)(5)                             September 15, 2023                                granted to a
                                                                                                                                            grantee are
                                                                                                                                            subject to
                                                                                                                                            performance
                                                                                                                                            targets
Total             RSUs             1,803,761    —                         2,542,047    —                          —                       —                           —          —             —            —    1,248,692     3,097,116

Employees of the Options             508,000    September 7, 2015                 —    From October 10, 2015      Within ten years from   None                       Nil     5.184             —            —            —       508,000
  Group                                                                                   to October 10, 2019        September 7, 2015
  (including       Options           152,000    April 28, 2016                    —    From October 10, 2017      Within ten years from   None                       Nil     5.320             —            —            —       152,000
  employees of                                                                            to April 30, 2020          April 28, 2016
  the affiliate of Options         1,746,500    July 29, 2016                     —    From October 10, 2016      Within ten years from   None                       Nil     5.558             —       85,000            —     1,661,500
  the Group)                                                                              to July 31, 2020           July 29, 2016
                   Options           592,500    February 2, 2017                  —    From January 31, 2019 to   Within ten years from   None                       Nil     3.626             —            —            —       592,500
                                                                                          January 31, 2021           February 2, 2017
                  Options            798,750    August 3, 2017                    —    From July 31, 2018 to      Within ten years from   None                       Nil     3.686        64,500            —            —       734,250
                                                                                          July 31, 2021              August 3, 2017
                  Options            162,000    October 10, 2017                  —    From October 10, 2018      Within ten years from   None                       Nil     4.400             —            —            —       162,000
                                                                                          to October 10, 2021        October 10, 2017
                  Options            518,000    February 1, 2018                  —    From October 10, 2019      Within ten years from   None                       Nil     4.144       171,000            —            —       347,000
                                                                                          to January 31, 2022        February 1, 2018
                  Options          1,466,750    June 15, 2020                     —    Within four years from     Within ten years from   None                       Nil    19.940             —       45,625            —     1,421,125
                                                                                          June 15, 2020              June 15, 2020
                  Options            119,000    September 15,                     —    Within four years from     Within ten years from   None                       Nil    18.660             —            —            —       119,000
                                                   2020                                   September 15, 2020         September 15, 2020
                  Options            838,000    June 15, 2021                     —    Within four years from     Within ten years from   None                       Nil    18.212             —       84,250            —       753,730
                                                                                          June 15, 2021              June 15, 2021
                  Options            750,000    March 15, 2022                    —    Within four years from     Within ten years from   None                       Nil     4.240             —            —            —       750,000
                                                                                          March 15, 2022             March 15, 2022
                  Options          4,495,125    June 15, 2022                     —    Within four years from     Within ten years from   None                       Nil     4.920             —      637,781            —     3,857,344
                                                                                          June 15, 2022              June 15, 2022
                  Options                  —    June 15, 2023(1)(5)        4,473,250   Over one to four years     Within ten years from   None                       Nil     5.160             —     1,250,500           —     3,222,750
                                                                                          from June 15, 2023         June 15, 2023
                  Options                  —    September 15,              2,527,500   Over one to four years     Within ten years from   None                       Nil     4.680             —            —            —     2,527,500
                                                   2023(2)(5)                             from September 15,         September 15, 2023
                                                                                          2023
                  Options                  —    December 15,                 207,900   Within three years and     Within ten years from   None                       Nil     4.380             —            —            —       207,900
                                                   2023(3)(5)                             nine months from           December 15, 2023
                                                                                          December 15, 2023
                  RSUs             1,460,750    August 2, 2019                    —    Within four years from     —                       None                       Nil         —             —            —     1,460,750           —
                                                                                          August 2, 2019
                  RSUs               199,000    September 18,                     —    Within four years from     —                       None                       Nil         —             —            —       199,000           —
                                                   2019                                   September 18, 2019
                  RSUs               228,252    February 24, 2020                 —    Within four years from     —                       None                       Nil         —             —            —       228,252           —
                                                                                          February 24, 2020
                  RSUs               271,681    March 16, 2020                    —    Within four years from     —                       None                       Nil         —             —            —       271,681           —
                                                                                          March 16, 2020
                  RSUs             5,169,500    June 15, 2020                     —    Within four years from     —                       None                       Nil         —             —      497,000     2,542,000    2,130,500
                                                                                          June 15, 2020
                  RSUs             1,503,774    September 15,                     —    Within four years from     —                       None                       Nil         —             —      162,450       731,073      610,251
                                                   2020                                   September 15, 2020
                  RSUs               600,475    December 15,                      —    Within four years from     —                       None                       Nil         —             —       38,000       291,238      271,237
                                                   2020                                   December 15, 2020
                  RSUs               509,500    March 15, 2021                    —    Within four years from     —                       None                       Nil         —             —      258,000       125,750      125,750
                                                                                          March 15, 2021




38              ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2024 Fiscal Year Annual Report
                                                                                                                                     DIRECTORS’ REPORT

                                                                                                                                                                                                                    Number of
                                                                                                                                                                                                                        shares
                                Number of                                                                                                                                                                          represented
                                    shares                                                                                                                                                 Options or             by options or
                            represented by                                                                                                                                                       RSUs                     RSUs
                           options or RSUs                                                                                                                                      Options       lapsed/              outstanding
Name of option                 outstanding    Date of grant/         Granted during                                                                                           exercised     cancelled RSUs vested         as at
holders/grantees                      as at   conditional             the Reporting                                                                   Purchase    Exercise   during the    during the during the March 31,
of RSU           Nature    March 31, 2023     grant                          Period   Vesting period             Excise period   Performance target       price      price     period(6)       period      period         2024
                                                                                                                                                         (HK$)      (HK$)


                 RSUs           11,015,525    June 15, 2021                      —    Within four years from     —               None                       Nil         —             —     1,647,259    3,762,166    5,606,100
                                                                                         June 15, 2021
                 RSUs            6,313,043    September 15,                      —    Within four years from     —               None                       Nil         —             —     1,125,365    2,244,692    2,942,986
                                                 2021                                    September 15, 2021
                 RSUs            1,569,900    December 15,                       —    Within four years from     —               None                       Nil         —             —       562,450      734,450      273,000
                                                 2021                                    December 15, 2021
                 RSUs            2,009,000    March 15, 2022                     —    Within four years from     —               None                       Nil         —             —       486,500      890,000      632,500
                                                                                         March 15, 2022
                 RSUs           59,470,450    June 15, 2022                      —    Within four years from     —               None                       Nil         —             —    11,236,228   14,446,799   33,787,423
                                                                                         June 15, 2022
                 RSUs            5,064,550    September 15,                      —    Within one to four years   —               None                       Nil         —             —       529,725    1,741,050    2,793,775
                                                 2022                                    from September 15,
                                                                                         2022
                 RSUs              390,000    December 15,                       —    Within four years from     —               None                       Nil         —             —       145,000           —       245,000
                                                 2022                                    December 15, 2022
                 RSUs              360,000    March 15, 2023                     —    Over one to four years     —               None                       Nil         —             —       155,000           —       205,000
                                                                                         from March 15, 2023
                 RSUs                    —    June 15, 2023(1)(5)        46,895,900   Over one to four years     —               None                       Nil         —             —     6,845,264           —    40,050,636
                                                                                         from June 15, 2023
                 RSUs                    —    September 15,               3,641,347   Over one to four years     —               50% of the RSUs            Nil         —             —       128,000      676,924    2,836,423
                                                 2023(2)(5)                              from September 15,                        granted to a
                                                                                         2023                                      grantee are
                                                                                                                                   subject to
                                                                                                                                   performance
                                                                                                                                   target
                 RSUs                    —    December 15,                4,484,500   Within four years/three    —               None                       Nil         —             —        49,400           —     4,435,100
                                                 2023(3)(5)                              years and nine
                                                                                         months from
                                                                                         December 15, 2023
                 RSUs                    —    March 15, 2024(4)(5)        1,929,300   Over two to four years     —               None                       Nil         —             —            —            —     1,929,300
                                                                                         from March 15, 2024
Total            Options        12,146,625    —                          7,208,650    —                          —               —                           —          —      235,500      2,103,156            —   17,016,619
                 RSUs           96,135,400    —                         56,951,047    —                          —               —                           —          —            —     23,865,641   30,345,825   98,874,981


Notes:

(1)      The closing price per share is HK$4.88 as stated in the daily quotation sheets issued by the Stock Exchange on June 14,
         2023, being the trading day immediately before the date of grant.


(2)      The closing price per share is HK$4.59 as stated in the daily quotation sheets issued by the Stock Exchange on September
         14, 2023, being the trading day immediately before the date of grant.


(3)      The closing price per share is HK$4.28 as stated in the daily quotation sheets issued by the Stock Exchange on December
         14, 2023, being the trading day immediately before the date of grant.


(4)      The closing price per share is HK$3.41 as stated in the daily quotation sheets issued by the Stock Exchange on March 14,
         2024, being the trading day immediately before the date of grant.


(5)      The weighted average fair value of the Options and RSUs at the date of grant on June 15, 2023, September 15, 2023,
         December 15, 2023 and March 15, 2024 during the Reporting Period was HK$4.92 per share, HK$4.14 per share,
         HK$4.33 per share and HK$3.36 per share, respectively, of which the methodology and assumptions used for calculation
         were disclosed in the note 29 (Share-based Compensation Costs) to the consolidated financial statements.


(6)      The weighted average closing price of the shares immediately before the dates on which the Options were exercised and
         the RSUs were vested was HK$4.92 and HK$4.77, respectively.




                                                                                                  ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2024 Fiscal Year Annual Report                                           39
DIRECTORS’ REPORT

DIRECTORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S INTERESTS AND SHORT
POSITIONS IN SHARES AND UNDERLYING SHARES
As at March 31, 2024, the interests and short positions of the Directors and chief executive in the
share capital and underlying shares of the Company or its associated corporations (within the
meaning of Part XV of the Securities and Futures Ordinance (the “SFO”), as recorded in the register
required to be kept by the Company pursuant to section 352 of the SFO, or as otherwise notified to
the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to the Model Code for Securities Transactions by
Directors of Listed Issuers (the “Model Code”) as set out in Appendix C3 to the Listing Rules, were as
follows:

Long positions in shares and underlying shares of the Company

                                              Number of ordinary shares and underlying shares held,
                                                         capacity and nature of interest
                                                                                                           Approximate
                                                                                                             percentage
                                                                                                                  of the
                                                                                          Total interest     Company’s
Name of Director                  Nature of interest                                          in shares    share capital


Mr. ZHU Shunyan                   Beneficial owner and equity derivative                      8,510,696              0.05%#
                                    interests(1)
Mr. SHEN Difan                    Beneficial owner and equity derivative                      4,777,568              0.03%#
                                    interests(2)
Mr. TU Yanwu                      Beneficial owner and equity derivative                      1,701,678              0.01%#
                                    interests(3)

Notes:

(1)   Mr. ZHU Shunyan beneficially held 1,298,196 ordinary shares of the Company and subject to vesting, is interested in
      7,212,500 shares underlying the 5,992,625 options and 1,219,875 RSUs granted to him in accordance with the Share
      Award Scheme.


(2)   Mr. SHEN Difan beneficially held 1,168,043 ordinary shares and subject to vesting, is interested in 3,609,525 shares
      underlying 2,702,250 options and 907,275 RSUs granted to him in accordance with the Share Award Scheme.


(3)   Mr. TU Yanwu beneficially held 735,203 ordinary shares and subject to vesting, is interested in 966,475 shares underlying
      751,250 options and 215,225 RSUs granted to him in accordance with the Share Award Scheme.

#
      Based on a total of 16,091,736,264 shares of the Company in issue as at March 31, 2024.




40       ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2024 Fiscal Year Annual Report
                                                                             DIRECTORS’ REPORT

Long positions in shares and underlying shares of Alibaba Holding, an associated corporation
of the Company within the meaning of Part XV of the SFO

                                                                                                           Approximate
                                                                                               Number of percentage of
                                                                                                  shares/ issued shares
                                                                                               underlying of associated
Name of Director              Nature of interest                                             shares Held*    corporation


Mr. ZHU Shunyan               Beneficial owner, equity derivative interests                       2,847,432                     0.01%#
                                and interests of spouse(1)
Mr. SHEN Difan                Beneficial owner, equity derivative interests                          128,256                    0.00%#
                                and interests of spouse(2)
Mr. TU Yanwu                  Beneficial owner and equity derivative                                   25,384                   0.00%#
                                interests(3)
Ms. HUANG Jiaojiao            Beneficial owner, equity derivative interests                          253,928                    0.00%#
                                and interests of spouse(4)
Mr. XU Haipeng                Beneficial owner, equity derivative interests                            93,305                   0.00%#
                                and interests of spouse(5)

Notes:

(1)   These interests represented 2,066,864* ordinary shares or underlying ordinary shares and 77,571* restricted share units
      (representing 620,568* ordinary shares or underlying ordinary shares) beneficially held by Mr. ZHU Shunyan and
      160,000* ordinary shares or underlying shares held by his spouse.


(2)   These interests represented 240,000* ordinary shares or underlying ordinary shares and 250* restricted share units
      (representing 2,000* ordinary shares or underlying ordinary shares) beneficially held by Mr. SHEN Difan and 102,256*
      ordinary shares or underlying shares held by his spouse.

(3)   These interests represented 584* ordinary shares or underlying ordinary shares and 3,100* restricted share units
      (representing 24,800* ordinary shares or underlying ordinary shares) beneficially held by Mr. TU Yanwu.


(4)   These interests represented 46,928* ordinary shares or underlying ordinary shares and 25,250* restricted share units
      (representing 202,000* ordinary shares or underlying ordinary shares) beneficially held by Ms. HUANG Jiaojiao and
      5,000* ordinary shares or underlying shares held by her spouse.


(5)   These interests represented 17,305* ordinary shares or underlying ordinary shares and 8,500* restricted share units
      (representing 68,000* ordinary shares or underlying ordinary shares) beneficially held by Mr. XU Haipeng and 8,000*
      ordinary shares or underlying shares held by his spouse.


*     Alibaba Holding approved to effect a one-to-eight share subdivision of its ordinary shares (the “Share Subdivision”) at
      the annual general meeting held on July 15, 2019. The Share Subdivision was effective on July 30, 2019. Accordingly,
      Alibaba Holding has changed its ratio of American depositary shares to ordinary shares from 1:1 to 1:8. The ratio of
      restricted share units to ordinary shares of Alibaba Holding has also changed from 1:1 to 1:8.

#
      Based on a total of 19,469,126,956 ordinary shares of Alibaba Holding in issue as at March 31, 2024.




                                                   ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2024 Fiscal Year Annual Report   41
DIRECTORS’ REPORT

Long positions in shares and underlying shares of Cainiao Smart Logistics Network Limited
(“Cainiao”), an associated corporation of the Company within the meaning of Part XV of the
SFO

                                                                                                         Approximate
                                                                                          Number of     percentage of
                                                                                             shares/    issued shares
                                                                                          underlying     of associated
Name of Director                  Nature of interest                                     shares held       corporation


Ms. HUANG Jiaojiao                Beneficial owner                                           146,975*           0.15%#

*    These interests represented 146,975 class A ordinary shares beneficially held by Ms. HUANG Jiaojiao.

#
     Based on a total of 99,680,555 class A ordinary shares of Cainiao in issue as at March 31, 2024.


Save as disclosed above, as at March 31, 2024, none of the Directors and chief executive had
registered an interest or short position in the shares and underlying shares of the Company or any of
its associated corporations that was required to be recorded pursuant to section 352 of the SFO, or
as otherwise notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to the Model Code.


DIRECTORS’ INTERESTS IN CONTRACTS OF SIGNIFICANCE
Save as any perceived material interest in transactions between members of Alibaba Group and the
Company due to their role as employees of Alibaba Holding or its subsidiaries as disclosed in the
section headed “Biographical Information of Directors and Senior Management”, none of the
Directors or their connected entities (within the meaning under section 486 of the Company
Ordinance) had a material interest, either directly or indirectly, in any transaction, arrangement or
contract of significance to the business of the Group to which the Company, its holding company, or
any of its subsidiaries or fellow subsidiaries was a party which was subsisting during or at the end
of the Reporting Period.


ARRANGEMENT TO ACQUIRE SHARES AND DEBENTURES
Save as disclosed under the paragraph headed “Share Award Scheme” above, at no time during
the Reporting Period was the Company or its subsidiaries a party to any arrangements to enable the
Directors or chief executive of the Company or their spouses or children under the age of 18 to
acquire benefits by means of the acquisition of shares in or debentures of the Company or any other
body corporate.




42      ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2024 Fiscal Year Annual Report
                                                                                DIRECTORS’ REPORT

SUBSTANTIAL SHAREHOLDERS’ AND OTHER PERSONS’ INTERESTS
OR SHORT POSITIONS IN SHARES AND UNDERLYING SHARES
As at March 31, 2024, the following interests or short positions in the shares and underlying shares
of the Company were recorded in the register of interests required to be kept by the Company
pursuant to section 336 of the SFO:

Long positions:

                                                                                                                               % of the
                                                                                                                                 issued
                                                                                                         Number of                share
                                                                                                            shares/             capital
                                                                                                         underlying               of the
Name                                              Capacity and nature of interest                            shares           Company


Alibaba Group Holding Limited                     Interest of controlled                            10,271,540,755               63.83%#
                                                    corporation(1)
Perfect Advance Holding Limited                   Beneficial owner(1)                                3,103,816,661               19.29%#
Alibaba Investment Limited                        Interest of controlled                             3,103,816,661               19.29%#
                                                    corporation(1)
                                                  Beneficial owner(1)                                   48,716,465                0.30%#
Ali JK Nutritional Products Holding               Beneficial owner(1)                                4,560,785,407               28.34%#
  Limited
Taobao Holding Limited                            Beneficial owner(1)                                2,558,222,222               15.90%#

Note:

(1)     Perfect Advance Holding Limited (“Perfect Advance”) holds 3,103,816,661 shares of the Company. Perfect Advance is
        wholly-owned by Alibaba Investment Limited (“AIL”), which is in turn wholly-owned by Alibaba Holding. For the purpose
        of Part XV of the SFO, as Perfect Advance is interested in 3,103,816,661 shares of the Company, AIL is deemed to have
        an interest in 3,103,816,661 shares of the Company via Perfect Advance.

        On May 20, 2022, Innovare Tech Limited (“Innovare”) made a distribution in specie (the “Distribution”) in respect of
        641,090,678 shares of the Company to the limited partners of Yunfeng Fund II, L.P., the beneficial owner of all the voting
        equity capital in Innovare, based on their respective pro rata entitlements in Innovare. Upon the Distribution, Innovare
        ceased to have a notifiable interest of 5% or more of the voting shares of the Company within the meaning of the SFO.
        For details, please refer to the announcement of the Company dated May 20, 2022. As part of the Distribution,
        48,716,465 shares of the Company were distributed to AIL. As such, AIL is interested in an aggregate of 3,152,533,126
        shares of the Company.




                                                      ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2024 Fiscal Year Annual Report   43
DIRECTORS’ REPORT

     On November 28, 2023, the Company entered into a share purchase agreement with Taobao Holding Limited (“ TBH”),
     pursuant to which the consideration payable by the Company to TBH will be partly satisfied by the Company issuing
     2,558,222,222 ordinary shares of the Company to TBH as consideration shares upon completion of the share purchase
     agreement. The proposed acquisition under the said share purchase agreement was completed on January 17, 2024 and
     the total of 2,558,222,222 ordinary shares of the Company have been allotted and issued to TBH. For details, please
     refer to the announcements of the Company dated November 28, 2023 and January 17, 2024.


     Ali JK Nutritional Products Holding Limited (“Ali JK”) holds 4,560,785,407 shares of the Company. Ali JK is wholly-owned
     by Alibaba Holding. Therefore, Alibaba Holding is deemed to have an interest in an aggregate of 10,271,540,755 shares
     of the Company via AIL, Perfect Advance, Ali JK and TBH within the meaning of Part XV of the SFO.

#
     Based on a total of 16,091,736,264 shares of the Company in issue as at March 31, 2024.


Save as disclosed above, as at March 31, 2024, there were no other parties who had registered an
interest or short position in the shares or underlying shares of the Company that was required to be
recorded pursuant to section 336 of the SFO.


CONTRACTS OF SIGNIFICANCE WITH CONTROLLING
SHAREHOLDERS
Save as disclosed under the paragraph headed “Connected Transactions and Continuing Connected
Transactions” below, no contract of significance, including for the provision of services, has been
entered into among the Company or any of its subsidiaries and the controlling Shareholders or any
of their subsidiaries during the Reporting Period.


CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS AND CONTINUING CONNECTED
TRANSACTIONS
During the Reporting Period, the Group had the following connected and continuing connected
transactions, details of which were disclosed in compliance with the requirements of Chapter 14A of
the Listing Rules.

Connected Transactions

(a) Connected Transaction — Share Purchase Agreement

     On November 28, 2023, the Company and Taobao Holding Limited (“Taobao Holding”) entered
     into a share purchase agreement (the “Share Purchase Agreement”), pursuant to which the
     Company agreed to purchase, and Taobao Holding agreed to sell, the entire issued share
     capital of AJK Technology Holding Limited (the “Target Company”, together with its subsidiaries,
     the “Target Group”) in the aggregate consideration of HK$13,500,000,000, which shall be
     settled at completion (the “Completion”) by (i) the Company issuing 2,558,222,222 ordinary
     shares of par value HK$0.01 each in the share capital of the Company (the “Consideration
     Shares”) to Taobao Holding (and/or its nominee), and (ii) the Company paying United States
     Dollar equivalent of HK$2,000,000,000 in cash to Taobao Holding.




44      ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2024 Fiscal Year Annual Report
                                                                  DIRECTORS’ REPORT

   The Target Company, an offshore holding vehicle incorporated under the laws of the Cayman
   Islands, holds the entire issued share capital of AJK Technology (Hong Kong) Limited (the “HK
   Subsidiary”), which in turn holds 100% of the equity interest in Hangzhou Jingzhun Health
   Information Technology Co., Ltd.^ (杭州精準健康信息科技有限公司) (the “Target WFOE”). The
   Target WFOE, pursuant to the exclusive services framework agreement (the “Exclusive Services
   Framework Agreement”) entered into between itself and Hangzhou Alimama Software Services
   Co., Ltd.^ (杭州阿里媽媽軟件服務有限公司) (“Alimama”, together with its subsidiaries, “Alimama
   Group”) on November 27, 2023, holds the Target Business (as defined below), which would be
   directly or indirectly injected into the Group pursuant to the terms of the Share Purchase
   Agreement. For details of the Exclusive Services Framework Agreement, please refer to the
   paragraph headed “(i) Continuing Connected Transaction — Exclusive Services Framework
   Agreement” below. The Company believe the acquisition of the Target Business will enable the
   Group to offer one-stop solutions to better serve healthcare merchants’ needs, to optimize
   healthcare merchants’ marketing efficiency and return on investment and to improve the
   business and revenue growth of healthcare merchants and the Group.

   The Completion took place on January 17, 2024 and a total number of 2,558,222,222
   Consideration Shares have been allotted and issued to Taobao Holding pursuant to the terms
   and conditions of the Share Purchase Agreement at the issue price of HK$4.50 per Share, and
   the Target Company has become a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company.

   As at the date of the Share Purchase Agreement, Taobao Holding is a direct wholly-owned
   subsidiary of Alibaba Holding, the ultimate controlling shareholder of the Company and a
   connected person of the Company. Accordingly, Taobao Holding is also a connected person of
   the Company and the transactions contemplated under the Share Purchase Agreement thus
   constitute a connected transaction under the Listing Rules.

(b) Connected Transaction — Lease Agreement

   On October 15, 2021, Alibaba Health Pharmaceutical Chain Co., Ltd.^ (阿里健康大藥房醫藥連鎖有
   限公司) (“Alibaba Health Pharmaceutical Chain”) and Hangzhou Chuanfa Health Technology
   Co., Ltd.^ (杭州傳賦健康科技有限公司) (“Hangzhou Chuanfu”) entered into the lease agreement
   (the “Lease Agreement”), pursuant to which Hangzhou Chuanfu agreed to lease the production
   plant and ancillary facilities located at Alibaba Pharmaceutical Health Logistics Park, No. 3 Zhiqi
   Street, Tangxi Town, Linping District, Hangzhou, the PRC (the “Premises”) to Alibaba Health
   Pharmaceutical Chain for a term of three years commencing from November 30, 2021 and
   ending on November 29, 2024. The total rent and property management fee payable per annum
   (inclusive of tax) during the term of the Lease Agreement shall be capped at RMB28.5 million,
   RMB29.7 million and RMB30.9 million, respectively. The total annual sum of the rent and
   property management fee payable by the Group incurred under the Lease Agreement during the
   Reporting Period amounted to approximately RMB19.4 million (during the Corresponding Period:
   RMB26.5 million).




                                        ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2024 Fiscal Year Annual Report   45
DIRECTORS’ REPORT

     By entering into the Lease Agreement, the Group agreed to rent the Premises at market rates
     from Hangzhou Chuanfa to use the Premises as a warehouse to store pharmaceutical, medical
     device and various other health-related products with a view to further strengthen the Group’s
     supply chain capabilities. As the consultation-to-sales conversation rate for the Group’s
     pharmaceutical direct sales business continues to rise, the Group considers it necessary to
     expand its storage capacity so as to maintain the Group’s service efficiency as well as to
     facilitate distribution and sales of the Group’s direct sales products. This will also enable the
     Group to purchase more at a time from its suppliers, which will add to its bargaining power with
     its suppliers, thus reducing its procurement costs and enhancing its profitability.

     As at the date of the Lease Agreement, since Hangzhou Chuanfu was an indirect wholly-owned
     subsidiary of Alibaba Holding, Hangzhou Chuanfu was an associate of Alibaba Holding and
     hence a connected person of the Company and thus the transactions contemplated under the
     Lease Agreement constitute connected transactions of the Company in accordance with the
     Listing Rules.

Continuing Connected Transactions

(a) Continuing Connected Transaction — Cloud Computing Services Framework Agreement

     On March 31, 2023, Alibaba Health Technology (China) Co., Ltd^ (阿里健康科技（中國）有限公司)
     (“Alibaba Health (China)”), an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company (for itself and
     on behalf of its subsidiaries and affiliates), entered into the renewed cloud computing services
     framework agreement (the “2024 Cloud Computing Services Framework Agreement”) with
     Alibaba Cloud Computing Ltd.^ (阿里雲計算有限公司) (“Alibaba Cloud”) (for itself and on behalf
     of its subsidiaries and affiliates), pursuant to which Alibaba Cloud agreed to provide various
     cloud computing services and other related services (the “Cloud Computing Services”) to the
     Group for a term of one year from April 1, 2023 to March 31, 2024. The annual cap for the
     service fees payable by Alibaba Health (China) to Alibaba Cloud under the 2024 Cloud
     Computing Services Framework Agreement was RMB160 million. The aggregate service fees
     incurred under the 2024 Cloud Computing Services Framework Agreement during the Reporting
     Period amounted to approximately RMB114.8 million (during the Corresponding Period:
     approximately RMB107.0 million).

     On March 28, 2024, the same parties entered into the renewed cloud computing services
     framework agreement (the “2025 Cloud Computing Services Framework Agreement”) in
     relation to the provision of the Cloud Computing Services by Alibaba Cloud to the Group for a
     term of one year from April 1, 2024 to March 31, 2025, with an annual cap of RMB170 million.




46     ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2024 Fiscal Year Annual Report
                                                                DIRECTORS’ REPORT

   The 2024 Cloud Computing Services Framework Agreement and the 2025 Cloud Computing
   Services Framework Agreement allowed the Group to utilize the cloud computing services
   provided by Alibaba Cloud to ensure smooth operation of its systems and the stability of its
   various Internet healthcare solutions.

   Alibaba Holding is the ultimate controlling shareholder of the Company, and its wholly-owned
   subsidiaries, Taobao Holding, Ali JK, Perfect Advance and Alibaba Investment, are shareholders
   of the Company. As Alibaba Holding is the ultimate shareholder of Alibaba Cloud, Alibaba Cloud
   is an associate of Alibaba Holding and hence a connected person of the Company. The
   transactions contemplated under the 2024 Cloud Computing Services Framework Agreement and
   the 2025 Cloud Computing Services Framework Agreement thus constitute continuing connected
   transactions of the Company in accordance with the Listing Rules.

(b) Continuing Connected Transaction — Outsourced Services Framework Agreement

   On March 31, 2023, the Company (for itself and on behalf of its subsidiaries) entered into the
   renewed outsourced services framework agreement (the “2024 Outsourced Services
   Framework Agreement”) with Taobao Holding (together with its subsidiaries and affiliates,
   “Taobao Group Companies”) (for itself and on behalf of its subsidiaries and affiliates),
   pursuant to which the Group shall provide Taobao Group Companies with merchant-related
   outsourced and value-added services (the “Outsourced Services”) in relation to certain
   categories of products or services offered on Tmall from time to time (as specified in the
   announcement of the Company dated March 31, 2023) for a term of one year from April 1, 2023
   to March 31, 2024. The annual cap for the service fees payable to the Group during the term of
   the 2024 Outsourced Services Framework Agreement was RMB200 million and the aggregate
   service fees received by the Group under the 2024 Outsourced Services Framework Agreement
   during the Reporting Period amounted to approximately RMB108.8 million (during the
   Corresponding Period: RMB105.9 million).

   On March 28, 2024, Hangzhou Defu Health Management Co., Ltd.^ (杭州得賦健康管理有限公司),
   Alibaba Health Technology (Hainan) Co., Ltd.^ (阿 里 健 康 科 技（海 南）有 限 公 司), Jiubaoxing
   Technology (Hainan) Co., Ltd.^ (久寶星科技（海南）有限公司) and Hangzhou Lukang Health
   Technology Co., Ltd.^ (杭州鹿康健康科技有限公司) (each an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary or
   a consolidated entity of the Company, collectively, the “Alibaba Health Subsidiaries”) entered
   into the 2025–2027 outsourced services agreement (the “2025–2027 Outsourced Services
   Agreement”) with Zhejiang Tmall Technology Co., Ltd.^ (浙 江 天 貓 技 術 有 限 公 司) (“Tmall
   Technology”) and Zhejiang Tmall Network Co., Ltd.^ (浙江天貓網絡有限公司) (“Tmall Network”,
   together with Tmall Technology, the “Tmall Entities”) for a term of three years from April 1,
   2024 until March 31, 2027. Pursuant to the 2025–2027 Outsourced Services Agreement, the
   Alibaba Health Subsidiaries will procure the Company to provide the Tmall Entities with certain
   outsourced and value-added services. The annual cap for the service fees payable to the Group
   under the 2025–2027 Outsourced Services Agreement for each of the three years ending March
   31, 2027 was RMB215 million, RMB230 million and RMB245 million, respectively.




                                      ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2024 Fiscal Year Annual Report   47
DIRECTORS’ REPORT

     Since the Outsourced Services remain within the existing skill set of the Group given that it has
     been developing its own pharmaceutical e-commerce, Internet healthcare, and intelligent
     medicine businesses, the service fees received under the 2024 Outsourced Services Framework
     Agreement and the 2025–2027 Outsourced Services Agreement continue to be one of the steady
     growing sources of revenue for our Group.

     Since each of Taobao Holding and Tmall Entities is a wholly-owned subsidiary or a consolidated
     entity of Alibaba Holding, the Taobao Group Companies and Tmall Entities are associates of
     Alibaba Holding and hence are connected persons of the Company. The transactions
     contemplated under the 2024 Outsourced Services Framework Agreement and the 2025–2027
     Outsourced Services Agreement thus constitute continuing connected transactions of the
     Company in accordance with the Listing Rules.

(c) Continuing Connected Transaction — Platform Services Framework Agreement

     On March 31, 2023, the Company (for itself and on behalf of its subsidiaries) and Taobao
     Holding (for itself and on behalf of its subsidiaries and affiliates) entered into a renewed
     platform services framework agreement (the “2024 Platform Services Framework Agreement”)
     for a term of one year commencing on April 1, 2023 to March 31, 2024, pursuant to which
     Taobao Holding agreed that Alibaba Holding and its subsidiaries and affiliates (the “AGH
     Relevant Entities”) shall provide various platform services (the “Platform Services”) to the
     Group for a service fee. The annual cap for the service fees payable by the Group for the year
     ended March 31, 2024 was RMB600 million and the aggregate service fees incurred under the
     2024 Platform Services Framework Agreement for the Reporting Period amounted to
     approximately RMB311.0 million (during the Corresponding Period: RMB267.0 million).

     On March 28, 2024, the Company (for itself and on behalf of its subsidiaries) and Taobao China
     Holding Limited (“Taobao China”) (for itself and on behalf of its subsidiaries and associates)
     entered into the renewed platform services framework agreement (the “2025–2027 Platform
     Services Framework Agreement”) for a term of three years from April 1, 2024 until March 31,
     2027. Pursuant to the 2025–2027 Platform Services Framework Agreement, Taobao China has
     agreed that the AGH Relevant Entities will provide to the Group certain platform services and the
     Group shall pay the service fees calculated in accordance with the underlying agreements and
     standard terms and conditions (as applicable) as amended and published on the respective
     online platforms operated by the AGH Relevant Entities from time to time. The annual cap for
     the service fees payable by the Group under the 2025–2027 Platform Services Framework
     Agreement for each of the three years ending March 31, 2027 was RMB630 million, RMB670
     million and RMB710 million, respectively.




48     ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2024 Fiscal Year Annual Report
                                                                 DIRECTORS’ REPORT

   The Company believes that by marketing and selling products or services on the online sales
   platforms operated by the AGH Relevant Entities under the 2024 Platform Services Framework
   Agreement and the 2025–2027 Platform Services Framework Agreement, the Group will be able
   to reach out to more customers and improve its understanding of their needs to facilitate
   product circulation along the pharmaceutical and healthcare products retail chain to offer
   quality products and services at competitive prices.

   Since each of Taobao Holding and Taobao China is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Alibaba
   Holding and Alibaba Holding controls the AGH Relevant Entities, each of Taobao Holding,
   Taobao China and the members of the AGH Relevant Entities are associates of Alibaba Holding
   and hence is a connected person of the Company. The transactions contemplated under the
   2024 Platform Services Framework Agreement and the 2025–2027 Platform Services Framework
   Agreement thus constitute continuing connected transactions of the Company in accordance with
   the Listing Rules.

(d) Continuing Connected Transaction — Agency Agreement

   On March 31, 2023, Alimama (for itself and on behalf of its subsidiaries and affiliates) and
   Alibaba Health (Hong Kong) Technology Company Limited (阿 里 健 康（香 港）科 技 有 限 公 司)
   (“Alibaba Health (HK)”) (for itself and on behalf of its subsidiaries) entered into the renewed
   agency agreement (the “2024 Agency Agreement”) for a term of one year from April 1, 2023 to
   March 31, 2024. Pursuant to the 2024 Agency Agreement, Alibaba Health (HK) (for itself and on
   behalf of its subsidiaries) agreed to refer contracted clients of Alibaba Health (HK) and its
   subsidiaries (the “Alibaba Health Group”) to purchase, and Alimama, its subsidiaries and its
   affiliates (together, the “Advertising Parties”), as the marketing services providers, agreed to
   provide to Alibaba Health Group’s contracted clients, various marketing and advertising services
   on the marketing and branding platforms provided by the Advertising Parties (the “Marketing
   Services”) during the term of the 2024 Agency Agreement. The annual cap for the incentive fees
   to be received by Alibaba Health Group under the 2024 Agency Agreement for the year ended
   March 31, 2024 was RMB25 million. The aggregate incentive fees received by Alibaba Health
   Group during the Reporting Period was nil (during the Corresponding Period: nil).

   As the Advertising Parties are members of Alibaba Group, each of the members of the
   Advertising Parties is an associate of Alibaba Holding and hence a connected person of the
   Company. The transactions contemplated under the 2024 Agency Agreement thus constitute
   continuing connected transactions of the Company in accordance with the Listing Rules.




                                       ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2024 Fiscal Year Annual Report   49
DIRECTORS’ REPORT

(e) Continuing Connected Transaction — Logistics Services Framework Agreement

     On March 31, 2023, the Company (for itself and on behalf of its subsidiaries) entered into a
     renewed logistics services framework agreement (the “2024 Logistics Services Framework
     Agreement”) with Hangzhou Cainiao Supply Chain Management Co., Ltd.^ (杭州菜鳥供應鏈管理
     有限公司) (“Hangzhou Cainiao”) (for itself and on behalf of its subsidiaries and affiliates),
     pursuant to which Hangzhou Cainiao and its subsidiaries and affiliates (together, the “Cainiao
     Group”) agreed to provide various logistics services including but not limited to warehouse
     operation and storage services, domestic and international delivery services, customs
     registration and clearance services, standard and special packaging services, storage and
     delivery supply chain management services and related system software services and other
     value-added and logistics-related services (the “Logistics Services”) to the Group for a service
     fee for a term of one year from April 1, 2023 to March 31, 2024. The annual cap for the service
     fees under the 2024 Logistics Services Framework Agreement was RMB420 million and the
     aggregate service fees incurred under the 2024 Logistics Services Framework Agreement for the
     Reporting Period amounted to approximately RMB175.1 million (during the Corresponding
     Period: approximately RMB225.2 million).

     On March 28, 2024, the same parties entered into the renewed logistics services framework
     agreement (the “2025–2027 Logistics Services Framework Agreement”), pursuant to which
     Hangzhou Cainiao agreed that Cainiao Group will provide the Logistics Services to the Group for
     a term of three years commencing from April 1, 2024 and ending on March 31, 2027. The
     annual cap for the service fees payable by the Group under the 2025–2027 Logistics Services
     Framework Agreement for each of the three years ending March 31, 2027 was RMB320 million,
     RMB350million and RMB380 million, respectively.

     As the Company has been selling pharmaceutical and healthcare products online, it requires
     efficient and reliable logistics services to enable its products to be safely and promptly delivered
     to its customers. Accordingly, the Company entered into the 2024 Logistics Services Framework
     Agreement and the 2025–2027 Logistics Services Framework Agreement with Hangzhou Cainiao,
     to capitalize on the logistics data platform and global fulfilment network of Cainiao Group, and
     to provide efficient and reliable domestic and international one-stop-shop logistics services to
     the Group’s customers for fulfilling their different logistics needs.

     As Hangzhou Cainiao is an indirect non-wholly-owned subsidiary of Alibaba Holding, each of the
     members of the Cainiao Group is an associate of Alibaba Holding and hence a connected
     person of the Company. The transactions contemplated under the 2024 Logistics Services
     Framework Agreement and the 2025–2027 Logistics Services Framework Agreement thus
     constitute continuing connected transactions of the Company in accordance with the Listing
     Rules.




50     ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2024 Fiscal Year Annual Report
                                                                 DIRECTORS’ REPORT

(f) Continuing Connected Transaction — Shared Services Agreement

   On March 31, 2023, the Company (for itself and on behalf of its subsidiaries) entered into a
   renewed shared services agreement (the “2024 Shared Services Agreement”) with Alibaba
   Holding (for itself and on behalf of its subsidiaries and affiliates), pursuant to which Alibaba
   Holding shall procure certain shared service providers including Alibaba Holding, persons
   controlled by it and persons under the common control of Alibaba Holding, and any other
   persons designated by Alibaba Holding (the “Alibaba Services Providers”), to provide to the
   Group certain shared services (the “Shared Services”), including office premises sharing and
   various support services and to supply products to the Group in support of the Group’s business
   operations, and the Company shall procure certain service providers, including the Company and
   persons controlled by it and persons under common Control of the Company, and any other
   persons designated by the Company (the “Alibaba Health Service Providers”), to provide to
   Alibaba Group the Shared Services, being human resources related services and supply products
   to Alibaba Group in support of Alibaba Group’s business operations, for a term of one year
   commencing from April 1, 2023 and ending on March 31, 2024. The annual caps under the 2024
   Shared Services Agreement was RMB549.5 million in relation to the Shared Services provided to
   the Group and RMB162 million in relation to the Shared Services provided to Alibaba Group.

   The aggregate service fees incurred under the 2024 Shared Services Agreement during the
   Reporting Period was RMB284.1 million (during the Corresponding Period: RMB246.7 million) in
   relation to the Shared Services provided to the Group and RMB0.4 million (during the
   Corresponding Period: nil) in relation to the Shared Services provided to Alibaba Group.

   On March 28, 2024, the Company (for itself and on behalf of its subsidiaries) entered into the
   renewed shared services agreement (the “2025–2027 Shared Services Agreement”) with
   Alibaba.com China Limited (阿里巴巴網絡中國有限公司) (“Alibaba.com”) (for itself and on behalf
   of its subsidiaries and associates, collectively, “Alibaba.com Group”), pursuant to which
   Alibaba.com has agreed to procure the relevant parties to provide certain shared services to the
   Group, and the Company has agreed that relevant parties shall provide certain shared services
   to Alibaba.com Group for a term of three years from April 1, 2024 to March 31, 2027. The
   annual cap for the service fees payable by the Group under the 2025–2027 Shared Services
   Agreement in relation to the shared services provided to the Group for each of the three years
   ending March 31, 2027 was RMB540 million, RMB560 million and RMB580 million, respectively;
   and the annual caps for the service fees receivable by the Group under the 2025–2027 Shared
   Services Agreement in relation to the shared services provided to Alibaba.com Group for each of
   the three years ending March 31, 2027 was RMB20 million, RMB20 million and RMB20 million,
   respectively.




                                       ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2024 Fiscal Year Annual Report   51
DIRECTORS’ REPORT

     The Company believes that the entering into of the 2024 Shared Services Agreement and the
     2025–2027 Shared Services Agreement will allow the Company to better leverage on the mature
     infrastructure and coverage already built by Alibaba Group (including Alibaba.com Group) and
     promote better cooperation between Alibaba Group (including Alibaba.com Group) and the
     Company.

     As Alibaba.com is an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of Alibaba Holding, which is a connected
     person of the Company, the transactions contemplated under the 2024 Shared Services
     Agreement and the 2025–2027 Shared Services Agreement thus constitute continuing connected
     transactions of the Company in accordance with the Listing Rules.

(g) Continuing Connected Transaction — Framework Technical Services Agreement

     On February 8, 2023, the Tmall Entities entered into a renewed framework technical services
     agreement (the “2024 Framework Technical Services Agreement”) with Alibaba Health
     (Hangzhou) and Alibaba Health (Hainan), pursuant to which the Tmall Entities agreed to provide
     certain software technical services (the “Software Technical Services”), including but not limited
     to software technical services, internet information services and secondary domain names, to
     Alibaba Health (Hangzhou) and Alibaba Heath (Hainan) for a service fee for a term of one year
     from April 1, 2023 to March 31, 2024, with an annual cap of RMB1,400 million, as approved by
     the independent Shareholders at the special general meeting held on March 29, 2023. The
     aggregate service fees incurred under the 2024 Framework Technical Services Agreement during
     the Reporting Period amounted to approximately RMB792.4 million (during the Corresponding
     Period: approximately RMB894.6 million).

     On March 31, 2023, Taobao Holding and the Company entered into a renewed Taobao
     framework technical services agreement (the “2024 Taobao Framework Technical Services
     Agreement”), pursuant to which the Taobao Group Companies agreed to provide certain
     support services, including software technical support, internet information services and
     secondary domain names and other services for the operation of the platforms on Tmall and
     Tmall Global, for a term of one year commencing from April 1, 2023 and ending on March 31,
     2024 with an annual cap of RMB620 million. The aggregate service fees incurred under the 2024
     Taobao Framework Technical Services Agreement during the Reporting Period amounted to
     approximately RMB327.6 million (during the Corresponding Period: approximately RMB320.8
     million).




52     ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2024 Fiscal Year Annual Report
                                                              DIRECTORS’ REPORT

On February 2, 2024, the Company (for itself and on behalf of its subsidiaries) entered into the
2025–2027 framework technical services agreement (the “2025–2027 Framework Technical
Services Agreement”) with Taobao China (for itself and on behalf of its subsidiaries and
affiliates (collectively, “Taobao China Companies”)) to amend and renew both the 2024
Framework Technical Services Agreement and the 2024 Taobao Framework Technical Services
Agreement, pursuant to which Taobao China Companies would provide certain relevant software
technical services to the Group for a service fee for a term of three years commencing from
April 1, 2024 and ending on March 31, 2027. The annual cap for the service fees payable under
the 2025–2027 Framework Technical Services Agreement was RMB2,300 million, RMB2,530 million
and RMB2,783 million, for each of the three years ending March 31, 2027, respectively, as
approved by the independent Shareholders at the special general meeting held on March 26,
2024.

The Company considers the entering into of the 2024 Framework Technical Services Agreement,
the 2024 Taobao Framework Technical Services Agreement and the 2025–2027 Framework
Technical Services Agreement is necessary because the technical support and services from
Taobao Group Companies to the Company are crucial to allow the relevant merchants to
operate on the platforms of Tmall and Tmall Global.

As Alibaba Group directly or indirectly controls the Tmall Entities, Taobao Group Companies and
Taobao China Companies, they are connected persons of the Company and the transactions
contemplated under the 2024 Framework Technical Services Agreement, the 2024 Taobao
Framework Technical Services Agreement and the 2025–2027 Framework Technical Services
Agreement thus constitute continuing connected transactions of the Company. Independent
Shareholders approved, among other things, the 2023–2025 Framework Technical Services
Agreement and the transactions contemplated thereunder at the special general meeting held
on March 26, 2024 in accordance with the Listing Rules.

As the transactions contemplated under the 2024 Framework Technical Services Agreement and
the 2024 Taobao Framework Technical Services Agreement took place within a 12-month period
and the services provided under both of the agreements are of similar nature, the transactions
under the 2024 Framework Technical Services Agreement and the 2024 Taobao Framework
Technical Services Agreement shall be aggregated as a series of transactions pursuant to Rule
14A.81 of the Listing Rules. As disclosed in the circular of the Company dated March 14, 2023
and the announcement of the Company dated February 8, 2023, the 2024 Framework Technical
Services Agreement is subject to the reporting, announcement, annual review and independent
shareholders’ approval requirements under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules. Independent
Shareholders’ approval has been obtained for the transactions contemplated under the 2024
Framework Technical Services Agreement at the special general meetings held on March 29,
2023. As such, no independent Shareholders’ approval has to be obtained in respect of the
2024 Taobao Framework Technical Services Agreement following the aforementioned
aggregation.




                                    ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2024 Fiscal Year Annual Report   53
DIRECTORS’ REPORT

(h) Continuing Connected Transaction — Payment Services Framework Agreement

     On March 31, 2023, the Company (for itself and on behalf of its subsidiaries) entered into a
     renewed payment services framework agreement (the “2024 Payment Services Framework
     Agreement”) with Alipay.com Co., Ltd.^ (支付寶（中國）網絡技術有限公司) (“Alipay China”) (for
     itself and on behalf of its subsidiaries and affiliates) and Alipay Singapore E-Commerce Private
     Limited (“Alipay Singapore”) (for itself and on behalf of its subsidiaries and affiliates), pursuant
     to which Alipay China and Alipay Singapore agreed to provide certain payment, settlement and
     other related services (the “Payment Services”) to the Group for a service fee, for a term of one
     year from April 1, 2023 to March 31, 2024. The annual cap for the service fees payable under
     the 2024 Payment Services Framework Agreement was RMB137 million. The aggregate service
     fees incurred under the 2024 Payment Services Framework Agreement during the Reporting
     Period amounted to approximately RMB75.4 million (during the Corresponding Period:
     approximately RMB78.8 million).

     On March 28, 2024, the same parties entered into the renewed payment services framework
     agreement (the “2025 Payment Services Framework Agreement”), pursuant to which Alipay
     China and Alipay Singapore agreed to provide the Payment Services to the Group, for a term of
     one year commencing from April 1, 2024 and ending on March 31, 2025 with an annual cap of
     RMB137 million.

     As part of the Group’s business, the Company has been marketing and selling products or
     services online as an online merchant which requires efficient and reliable payment services. By
     entering into the 2024 Payment Services Framework Agreement and the 2025 Payment Services
     Framework Agreement, the Group will be able to utilize the Payment Services provided by Alipay
     China and Alipay Singapore to enable safe and prompt real-time payment for its online
     transactions.

     Since Ant Group Co., Ltd. (螞蟻科技集團股份有限公司) (“Ant Group”) is indirectly held by Alibaba
     Holding as to more than 30% of its equity interest and both Alipay China and Alipay Singapore
     are wholly-owned subsidiaries of Ant Group, each of Ant Group, Alipay China and Alipay
     Singapore is an associate of Alibaba Holding and thus a connected person of the Company.

     Accordingly, the transactions contemplated under the 2024 Payment Services Framework
     Agreement and the 2025 Payment Services Framework Agreement constitute continuing
     connected transactions of the Company in accordance with the Listing Rules.




54     ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2024 Fiscal Year Annual Report
                                                                    DIRECTORS’ REPORT

(i)   Continuing Connected Transaction — Exclusive Services Framework Agreement

      On November 27, 2023, the Target WFOE entered into the Exclusive Services Framework
      Agreement with Alimama for an initial term of three years commenced from November 27, 2023
      and ending on November 26, 2026, pursuant to which the Target WFOE would operate and
      manage the business relating to the provision of the Marketing Materials Review Services
      pursuant to the Exclusive Marketing Materials Review Right and the Value-added Services under
      the healthcare categories (the “Target Business”). The “Exclusive Marketing Materials Review
      Right” is defined as the exclusive right to operate and manage the Marketing Materials Review
      Services under the healthcare categories on the Tmall Platform, to the absolute exclusion of the
      Alimama Group and the Taobao and Tmall Group. The “Marketing Materials Review Services”
      are defined as the marketing materials review services provided by the Target WFOE under the
      Exclusive Services Framework Agreement, as may be amended from time to time, comprising (i)
      the review services in respect of marketing materials for the performance-based marketing and/
      or the brand-based marketing placed by certain merchants (the “Target Merchants”) through
      the Alimama Group, and (ii) the review services in respect of corresponding qualifications of
      such marketing materials for products and services under the healthcare categories of Tmall of
      Alibaba Group. The “Value-added Services” are defined as the value-added services, within the
      scope of written authorisation from the Alimama Group and in accordance with the standards
      and requirements imposed by the Alimama Group, provided by the Target WFOE to the Target
      Merchants whose primary categories are the healthcare categories under the Exclusive Services
      Framework Agreement, as may be amended from time to time, which shall include providing
      consultation and suggestions to and responding to questions from such Target Merchants
      relating to marketing promotions under the healthcare categories. For details of the purpose of
      the acquisition of the Target Business, please refer to the paragraph headed “(a) Connected
      Transaction — Share Purchase Agreement” above. The proposed annual caps (where applicable)
      in respect of the fees receivable under the Exclusive Services Framework Agreement are RMB391
      million, RMB2,032 million and RMB2,641 million for each of the financial years ending March 31,
      2024, 2025 and 2026, respectively. The aggregate service fees incurred under the Exclusive
      Services Framework Agreement during the Reporting Period amounted to approximately
      RMB239.5 million.

      Upon the completion of the Share Purchase Agreement, the Target WFOE became an indirect
      wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company. Since Alimama is an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary
      of Alibaba Holding, it’s therefore an associate of Alibaba Holding and hence a connected
      person of the Company. The transactions contemplated under the Exclusive Services Framework
      Agreement thus constitute continuing connected transactions of the Company under the Listing
      Rules.




                                          ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2024 Fiscal Year Annual Report   55
DIRECTORS’ REPORT

(j)   Continuing Connected Transaction — Marketing and Promotion Services Framework
      Agreement

      On February 8, 2023, the Company (for itself and on behalf of its subsidiaries) and Alimama (for
      and on behalf of the Advertising Parties) entered into a renewed advertising services framework
      agreement (the “2024 Advertising Services Framework Agreement”) for a term of one year
      from April 1, 2023 to March 31, 2024, pursuant to which the Advertising Parties agreed to
      provide the Group certain advertising services, including but not limited to the display of
      advertisements on various platforms supported by Alibaba Group for a service fee. The annual
      cap for the service fees payable under the 2024 Advertising Services Framework Agreement was
      RMB2,220 million, as approved by the independent Shareholders at the special general meeting
      held on March 29, 2023. The aggregate service fees incurred under the 2024 Advertising Service
      Framework Agreement during the Reporting Period amounted to approximately RMB1,566.3
      million (during the Corresponding Period: RMB1,046.2 million).

      On February 2, 2024, the same parties entered into the amended and renewed advertising
      services framework agreement (the “2025–2027 Marketing and Promotion Services
      Framework Agreement”) for a term of three years commencing from April 1, 2024 and ending
      on March 31, 2027, pursuant to which the Advertising Parties has agreed to provide the Group
      with certain marketing and promotion services, including but not limited to providing the
      marketing, promotion and advertising services on various platforms under and in cooperation
      with Alibaba Group for a service fee. The annual cap for the service fees payable under the
      2025–2027 Marketing and Promotion Services Framework Agreement was RMB2,400 million,
      RMB2,640 million and RMB2,904 million, respectively, for each of the three years ending March
      31, 2027, respectively, as approved by the independent Shareholders at the special general
      meeting held on March 26, 2024.

      The Company believes that the marketing, promotion and advertising services and resources
      provided by the Advertising Parties are effective marketing tools and will enable the Group to
      reach out to more customers and boost the sales of the Group’s and its clients’ products. Hence,
      the Group intends to allocate more resources in such marketing, promotion and advertising
      services provided by the Advertising Parties going forward and considers that the entering into
      of the 2024 Advertising Services Framework Agreement and the 2025–2027 Marketing and
      Promotion Services Framework Agreement would facilitate the administration of the purchase of
      the marketing, promotion and advertising services by the Group.

      Since Alimama is an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of Alibaba Holding, each of the
      Advertising Parties is an associate of Alibaba Holding and hence a connected person of the
      Company. The transactions contemplated under the 2024 Advertising Services Framework
      Agreement and the 2025–2027 Marketing and Promotion Services Framework Agreement thus
      constitute continuing connected transactions for the Company in accordance with the Listing
      Rules and were approved by the independent Shareholders at the special general meetings held
      on March 29, 2023 and March 26, 2024, respectively, in accordance with the Listing Rules.




56      ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2024 Fiscal Year Annual Report
                                                                DIRECTORS’ REPORT

(k) Continuing Connected Transaction — Software Services Framework Agreement

   On March 31, 2023, the Company (for itself and on behalf of its subsidiaries and associates)
   entered into a renewed software services framework agreement (the “2024 Software Services
   Framework Agreement”) with Taobao Holding (for itself and on behalf of its subsidiaries and
   associates (collectively, “Taobao Group”)), pursuant to which the Group shall provide Taobao
   Group with e-commerce platform operational and maintenance related software services for
   merchants selling products and/or offering services under certain software services categories
   on Tmall and Tmall Global for a term of one year from April 1, 2023 to March 31, 2024. The
   annual cap for the service fees receivable under the 2024 Software Services Framework
   Agreement was RMB140 million. The aggregate service fees incurred under the 2024 Software
   Services Framework Agreement during the Reporting Period amounted to approximately RMB98.3
   million (during the Corresponding Period: approximately RMB100.2 million).

   On March 28, 2024, the Company (for itself and on behalf of its subsidiaries and associates)
   entered into the renewed software services framework agreement (the “2025–2027 Software
   Services Framework Agreement”) with Taobao China (for itself and on behalf of its subsidiaries
   and associates (collectively, “Taobao China Group”)), pursuant to which the Group shall provide
   Taobao China Group with medical and healthcare-related e-commerce platform operational and
   maintenance related software services for merchants selling products and/or offering services
   under certain software services categories on Tmall and Tmall Global for a term of three years
   commencing from April 1, 2024 and ending on March 31, 2027. The annual cap for the service
   fees receivable was RMB150 million, RMB160 million and RMB170 million, respectively, for each
   of the three years ending March 31, 2027.

   The Company believes that the entering into of the 2024 Software Services Framework
   Agreement and the 2025–2027 Software Services Framework Agreement will not only allow the
   Group to generate revenue and to better optimize its resources as Alibaba Group’s healthcare
   flagship platform, but also provide marketing opportunities for the Group to expand its product
   portfolio and broaden its customer base. This enables the Group to capture further market share
   in view of the rapid growth of the Company’s pharmaceutical direct sales business.

   Since each of Taobao Holding and Taobao China is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Alibaba
   Holding, each member of Taobao Holding Group and Taobao China Group is an associate of
   Alibaba Holding and hence a connected person of the Company. The transactions contemplated
   under the 2024 Software Services Framework Agreement and the 2025–2027 Software Services
   Framework Agreement thus constitute continuing connected transactions of the Company in
   accordance with the Listing Rules.




                                      ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2024 Fiscal Year Annual Report   57
DIRECTORS’ REPORT

(l)   Continuing Connected Transaction — Koubei Services Framework Agreement

      On March 31, 2023, Hangzhou Lukang Health Technology Co., Ltd.^ (杭州鹿康健康科技有限公司)
      (“Hangzhou Lukang”) (for itself and on behalf of its subsidiaries and affiliates) entered into a
      services framework agreement (the “2024 Koubei Services Framework Agreement”) with
      Koubei (Shanghai) Information Technology Co., Ltd.^ (口碑（上海）信息技術有限公司) (“Koubei
      Shanghai”) (for itself and on behalf of its subsidiaries and affiliates), pursuant to which
      Hangzhou Lukang agrees to provide Koubei Shanghai with operational or software services
      under certain categories of products and services on the platform which are operated by Koubei
      Shanghai, its associates and its subsidiaries from time to time, for a term of two years from
      April 1, 2023 to March 31, 2025, with annual caps of RMB30 million and RMB30 million for the
      years ending March 31, 2024 and 2025, respectively. The aggregate service fees incurred under
      the 2024 Koubei Services Framework Agreement during the Reporting Period amounted to
      approximately RMB5.3 million (during the Corresponding Period: RMB0.01 million).

      By entering into the 2024 Koubei Services Framework Agreement, the Group will be able to
      enhance user experience and improve the operational capabilities of the relevant merchants,
      and deliver quality services to these merchants under wider applications. It is also expected that
      the Group will be able to capitalise on market opportunities in relation to the rising demand of
      healthcare and pharmaceutical industries in the PRC and further expand its market share in
      these industries.

      As at the date of the 2024 Koubei Services Framework Agreement, since Koubei Shanghai is an
      indirect non-wholly-owned subsidiary of Alibaba Holding, Koubei Shanghai is an associate of
      Alibaba Holding and hence a connected person of the Company. The transactions contemplated
      under the 2024 Koubei Services Framework Agreement thus constitute continuing connected
      transactions of the Company in accordance with the Listing Rules.

(m) Continuing Connected Transaction — EBA Settlement Framework Agreement

      On March 28, 2024, the Company (for itself and on behalf of its subsidiaries and associates)
      entered into the framework agreement relating to the equity-based awards settlement (the
      “2025–2027 EBA Settlement Framework Agreement”) with Alibaba Holding. Pursuant to the
      2025–2027 EBA Settlement Framework Agreement, (i) in respect of the restricted share units,
      options or any other equity incentive awards of Alibaba Holding (the “AGH Awards”) held by
      any grantees whose employment is transferred from Alibaba Holding to a member of the Group
      (the “Group Entity”), the Company shall reimburse Alibaba Holding the amounts in respect of
      the relevant AGH Awards; and (ii) in respect of the options, restricted share units or any other
      equity incentive awards of the Group (the “Group Awards”) held by any grantees (whose
      employment is transferred from a Group Entity to Alibaba Holding), Alibaba Holding shall
      reimburse the Company the amounts in respect of the relevant Group Awards. The annual cap
      for the amounts payable under the 2025–2027 EBA Settlement Framework Agreement in relation
      to the transaction amount associated with the AGH Awards was RMB35 million, RMB35 million
      and RMB35 million, respectively, for each of the three years ending March 31, 2027; and the
      annual cap for the amounts receivable under the 2025–2027 EBA Settlement Framework
      Agreement in relation to the transaction amount associated with the Group Awards was RMB35
      million, RMB35 million and RMB35 million, respectively, for each of the three years ending March
      31, 2027.




58      ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2024 Fiscal Year Annual Report
                                                                  DIRECTORS’ REPORT

   Each of Alibaba Holding and the Company is committed to providing their employees with a
   nurturing work environment that supports personal growth and therefore allows internal
   transfers between the Group and Alibaba Holding. As equity-based awards are vital to attract,
   incentivize and retain those employees, the Company believes that the entering into of the
   2025–2027 EBA Settlement Framework Agreement will allow the grantees to retain their awards
   after the internal transfers and allocating their EBA expenses to the relevant entity to which such
   grantee has joined, with an aim to achieve an equitable re-charging of costs of transferring
   employees between the Group and Alibaba Holding.

   Since Alibaba Holding is a connected person of the Company, the transactions contemplated
   under the 2025–2027 EBA Settlement Framework Agreement thus constitute continuing
   connected transactions of the Company in accordance with the Listing Rules.

   The Group has imposed internal control procedures to ensure that the continuing connected
   transactions are conducted in accordance with the pricing policies or mechanism under the
   relevant framework agreements. A specialized internal audit function carried out independent
   appraisal of the adequacy and effectiveness of the internal control procedures and reviewed all
   the connected transactions. Any findings by the internal audit function have been provided to
   the Directors to assist them in performing the annual review of the continuing connected
   transactions. The independent non-executive Directors have reviewed the above continuing
   connected transactions and have confirmed that such continuing connected transactions were
   entered into (i) in the ordinary and usual course of business of the Group; (ii) on normal
   commercial terms or better; and (iii) in accordance with the relevant agreements governing
   them on terms that are fair and reasonable and in the interests of the Shareholders as a whole.

(n) Continuing Connected Transactions — Contractual Arrangements

   Overview

   The business of the Group involves the provision of commercial Internet information services,
   which in turn requires certain members of our Group to hold a value-added telecommunication
   business license (the “ICP License”) for the provision of such services (the “Restricted
   Businesses”). As the applicable PRC laws and regulations currently in force restrict foreign
   investment in the Restricted Businesses, the Group adopted a series of contractual arrangements
   with respect to two subsidiaries of our Company, namely, Hongyun Jiukang Data Technology
   (Beijing) Co., Ltd.^ (弘雲久康數據技術（北京）有限公司) (“Hongyun Jiukang”) and Alibaba Health
   Hebei Information Technology Co., Ltd.^ (阿里健康河北信息技術有限公司) (“Alibaba Health
   Hebei”, together with Hongyun Jiukang, the “Opcos”), which have enabled the Group, through
   its wholly-owned subsidiary, Alibaba Health Technology (China) Co., Ltd^ (阿里健康科技（中國）有
   限公司) (the “WFOE”), to obtain effective control over, and received all the economic benefits
   generated by, the businesses operated by the Opcos, and the Opcos, in turn, hold the ICP
   License and operate the Restricted Businesses.




                                        ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2024 Fiscal Year Annual Report   59
DIRECTORS’ REPORT

     Prior to the Restructuring (as defined below), the contractual arrangements were entered into
     among the WFOE, each of the Opcos and the two individual registered owners of Opcos (the
     “Ex-Registered Owners”) (the “Previous Contractual Arrangements”).

     As part of Alibaba Holding’s strategy in enhancing the variable interest entities (the “VIEs”)
     structure, on April 25, 2020, each of the two Ex-Registered Owners under the Previous
     Contractual Arrangements entered into equity transfer agreements with Beijing Jiukangbao
     Technology Co., Ltd.^ (北京久康寶科技有限公司) (“Beijing Jiukangbao”), pursuant to which each
     of the two Ex-Registered Owners agreed to transfer 50% and 50% of the equity interests in each
     of the Opcos, respectively, to Beijing Jiukangbao (the “VIE Restructuring”). On the same day,
     each of the Opcos became owned as to 100% by Beijing Jiukangbao. Beijing Jiukangbao is
     wholly-owned by Hangzhou Baoxuan Investment Management Co., Ltd.^ (杭州寶軒投資管理有限
     公司), a company established in the PRC with limited liability (the “PRC Investco”), which is held
     as to each 50% by two limited partnerships established in the PRC (the “PRC LPs”), both of
     which were ultimately owned by a company established in the PRC with limited liability serving
     as a general partner of the PRC LPs (the “PRC GP”) and five selected members of the Alibaba
     Partnership or Alibaba Holding’s management who are PRC citizens (the “Five Individuals”).

     On the same day, the Group entered into a series of contractual arrangements (the
     “Contractual Arrangements”) with the Opcos and Beijing Jiukangbao (as the newly registered
     owner of Opcos) (the “Registered Owner”). The Contractual Arrangements contain substantially
     the same terms as the Previous Contractual Arrangements and enable the Group to continue,
     through the WFOE, to maintain effective control over, and receive all the economic benefits
     generated by, the businesses operated by the Opcos, which in turn hold the ICP Licenses and
     operate the Restricted Businesses through itself and its Subsidiaries. Further details in relation to
     the terms of the Structured Contracts (as defined below) and Contractual Arrangements are set
     out below. Through the Structured Contracts and the Contractual Arrangements, the results of
     operations, assets and liabilities, and cash flows of the Opcos were consolidated into the
     Company’s financial statements, and the Opcos were regarded as indirect subsidiaries of the
     Group under HKFRS 10 during the year ended March 31, 2023.




60     ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2024 Fiscal Year Annual Report
                                                                DIRECTORS’ REPORT

Particulars of Opcos and their respective Registered Owner

As at March 31, 2024, the particulars of the Opcos and their respective Registered Owner are as
follows:

                                                                    Registered
 Name of Opco                  Registered owner                        capital Principal activities


 Hongyun Jiukang               100% by Beijing                RMB40,000,000 Provision of Internet
                                 Jiukangbao                                   information services and
                                                                              investment holding
 Alibaba Health Hebei          100% by Beijing                RMB10,000,000 Provision of Internet
                                 Jiukangbao                                   information services and
                                                                              investment holding

The following table sets forth the principal subsidiaries of Hongyun Jiukang as at March 31,
2024. Alibaba Health Hebei did not have any subsidiary as at March 31, 2024.

 Name of subsidiary                    Holding company Ownership Principal activities


 Alibaba Health (Hainan)               Hongyun Jiukang                       100% Network hospital services
   Internet Hospital Co., Ltd.^
   (阿里健康（海南）互聯網醫院
   有限公司)
 Alibaba Health (Hainan)               Hongyun Jiukang                       100% Provision of medical
   Remote Medical Centre Co., Ltd.^                                                 services
   (阿里健康（海南）遠程醫療中心
   有限公司)
 Hangzhou Hongyun Kangsheng            Hongyun Jiukang                       100% Investment holding and
   Equity Investment Co., Ltd.^                                                     asset management
   (杭州弘雲康晟股權投資有限公司)
 Alibaba Health Technology             Hongyun Jiukang                       100% Provision of Internet
   (Guangzhou) Co., Ltd.^                                                           information services
   (阿里健康科技（廣州）有限公司)




                                      ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2024 Fiscal Year Annual Report   61
DIRECTORS’ REPORT

      Name of subsidiary                                      Holding company Ownership Principal activities


      Guangzhou Alibaba Health              Hongyun Jiukang                                 100% Provision of Internet
         Medical Technology Co., Ltd.^                                                             information services
         廣州市阿里健康醫療科技有限公司
         (formerly known as Alibaba
         Health Network Hospital Co., Ltd.^
         (阿里健康網絡醫院有限公司))
      Chongqing Deyue Health                Hongyun Jiukang                                 100% Healthcare related
         Data Technology Co., Ltd^                                                                 technical services
         (重慶得岳健康數據技術有限公司)
         (formerly known as Chongqing
         Bianque Health Data
         Technology Co., Ltd^
         (重慶扁鵲健康數據技術有限公司))
      Alibaba Health Technology             Hongyun Jiukang                                 100% Provision of Internet
         (Beijing) Company Limited^                                                                information services
         (阿里健康科技（北京）有限公司)
      Jiubaoxing Technology (Hainan)        Hongyun Jiukang                                 100% Provision of e-commerce
         Co., Ltd.^                                                                                sales services
         (久寶星科技（海南）有限公司)
      Hangzhou Kangtao Information          Hongyun Jiukang                                 100% Provision of Internet
         Technology Co., Ltd.^                                                                     information services
         (杭州康淘信息技術有限公司)
      Beijing Zichen Zhengyang              Hongyun Jiukang                                 100% Provision of Internet
         Technology Co., Ltd.^                                                                     information services
         (北京紫宸正陽科技有限公司)

     Summary of the major terms of the Contractual Arrangements

     As at March 31, 2024, there are two sets of ongoing Contractual Arrangements in place:

     (i)     in respect of Hongyun Jiukang, entered into among the WFOE (as the Company’s subsidiary),
             Hongyun Jiukang (as the Opco), and Beijing Jiukangbao (as the Registered Owner); and

     (ii) in respect of Alibaba Health Hebei, entered into among the WFOE (as the Company’s
          subsidiary), Alibaba Health Hebei (as the Opco), and Beijing Jiukangbao (as the Registered
          Owner).




62         ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2024 Fiscal Year Annual Report
                                                               DIRECTORS’ REPORT

Each of the above sets of Contractual Arrangements includes substantially similar terms and a
brief summary of the major terms are set out below:

(1) Exclusive Service Agreements (獨家服務協議)

    Pursuant to the exclusive service agreements (the “Exclusive Service Agreements”), the
    relevant Opco agreed to engage the WFOE as its exclusive provider of technical support and
    consultancy services (the “Technical Services”) in connection with the relevant Opco’s
    business (to the extent permitted under the applicable PRC laws) in exchange for service
    fees. The service fees are fixed with reference to the actual content and commercial value of
    the Technical Services and the WFOE may, subject to mutual agreement, adjust the amount
    of service fees. Unless otherwise prescribed under the PRC laws and regulations and subject
    to limitations under the Exclusive Service Agreements, the WFOE shall have exclusive
    proprietary rights to any intellectual property (including but not limited to copyright, patent,
    technical secret and trade secret) in the work product developed by the WFOE or the
    relevant Opco in the course of the provision of services under the relevant Exclusive Service
    Agreement. Each of the Exclusive Service Agreements has a term of 20 years and will be
    automatically renewed for consecutive terms of one year upon expiry unless otherwise
    notified by the WFOE. The relevant Exclusive Service Agreement shall be terminated prior to
    expiration in the event that the business period of either the WFOE or the relevant Opco
    expires.

(2) Loan Agreements (借款協議)

    Pursuant to the loan agreements (the “Loan Agreements”), the WFOE agreed to provide
    any interest-free loans to the relevant Registered Owner as capital contribution to the
    relevant Opco only and may not use such loans for other purposes without the consent of
    the WFOE. The Registered Owner, in return for the provision of loans, agreed to enter into
    an Equity Interest Pledge Agreement (as defined below) with the WFOE to pledge all of its
    equity interests in the relevant Opco as security. The term of each loan under the relevant
    Loan Agreement is 20 years from the effective date, or for a period until expiration of the
    business period of the WFOE or the relevant Opco, whichever is earlier. The Registered
    Owner shall repay the loan upon expiration of the term or any earlier time as may be
    determined by the WFOE at its absolute discretion. In such circumstances, unless otherwise
    prohibited by the applicable laws and regulations, the WFOE or its designee is entitled to
    acquire all equity interest held by the relevant Registered Owner in the relevant Opco for a
    consideration equal to the loan amount. The Registered Owner shall waive any pre-emptive
    rights upon transfer of equity interest in the relevant Opco to the WFOE. Any tax arising
    from the loan shall be borne by the Registered Owner and the WFOE in accordance with
    applicable PRC laws.




                                     ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2024 Fiscal Year Annual Report   63
DIRECTORS’ REPORT

     (3) Equity Interest Pledge Agreements (股權質押協議)

         Pursuant to the equity interest pledge agreements (the “Equity Interest Pledge
         Agreements”), the Registered Owner agreed to pledge all their respective equity interests in
         the relevant Opco to the WFOE, as a security interest to guarantee the performance of
         contractual obligations and the payment of outstanding loans of the Registered Owner.
         Unless due to the intentional misconduct or gross negligence of the WFOE, the WFOE shall
         not be liable for any decrease in value of the pledged interests, and the Registered Owner
         shall not have any right to claim against the WFOE as a result of such decrease in value.
         However, in the event that the decrease in value of the pledged interests may jeopardize
         rights of the WFOE, or upon occurrence of default, the WFOE may auction or sell the
         pledged interests for and on behalf of the Registered Owner and allocate the money
         received for loan prepayment or deposit such money to the WFOE’s local notary office. The
         pledge in respect of an Opco takes effect upon the completion of registration with the
         competent authority and shall remain valid until all the contractual obligations of the
         Registered Owner and the relevant Opco under the relevant set of Contractual
         Arrangements have been fully performed and that all outstanding loans have been fully
         repaid. During the period of the pledge, without the prior written consent of the WFOE, the
         Registered Owner shall not create or agree to create any new pledge or other security on
         the equity interests of the relevant Opco, nor assign or transfer any of the equity interests in
         the relevant Opco.

     (4) Powers of Attorney on Shareholders’ Voting Rights (股東表決權委託協議)

         Pursuant to the powers of attorney on shareholders’ voting rights (the “Powers of Attorney
         on Shareholders’ Voting Rights”), the Registered Owner irrevocably appointed designee(s)
         of the WFOE, who are PRC nationals, to act as its attorney on its behalf to exercise all rights
         in connection with matters concerning its right as shareholder of the relevant Opco,
         including but not limited to: (a) attending the shareholders’ meeting of the relevant Opco as
         representative of the relevant Registered Owner; (b) exercising shareholders’ voting rights
         on resolutions at shareholders’ meeting, including but not limited to, the designation and
         appointment of directors and other senior management that has to be appointed by the
         shareholders; (c) other matters decided or executed by the shareholders pursuant to the
         relevant constitutional documents; and (d) signing relevant documents when the relevant
         Registered Owner sell or transfer all or part of its equity interests pursuant to the Exclusive
         Option Agreements (as defined below). The Powers of Attorney on Shareholders’ Voting
         Rights shall remain effective for 20 years and will be automatically renewed for consecutive
         terms of one year upon expiry unless otherwise notified by the WFOE. The Powers of
         Attorney on Shareholders’ Voting Rights shall be terminated prior to expiration in the event
         that the business period of either the WFOE or the relevant Opco expires.




64     ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2024 Fiscal Year Annual Report
                                                               DIRECTORS’ REPORT

(5) Exclusive Option Agreements (獨家購買權協議)

    Pursuant to the exclusive option agreements (the “Exclusive Option Agreements”), the
    Registered Owner agreed to irrevocably, unconditionally and exclusively grant an exclusive
    option to the WFOE so that the WFOE may elect to purchase, when permitted by the then
    applicable PRC laws, all or any part of the equity interests from the Registered Owner and/
    or all or any of the assets in the relevant Opco by themselves or through their designee(s).
    In the event that any of the options is exercised by the WFOE, the transfer price of the
    relevant equity interests and assets shall correspond to the registered capital amount and
    the net asset value, respectively, or the legal minimum price under the then applicable PRC
    laws (as the case may be). Subject to the applicable PRC laws, the Registered Owner shall
    transfer all the consideration it receives in relation to such transfer of equity interests and
    assets in the relevant Opco (or any proceeds resulting from the dissolution or winding up of
    the relevant Opco or any dividends or distributions received in the capacity of a Registered
    Owner) to the WFOE or its designee, after deduction of applicable taxes and government
    fees. Pursuant to the Exclusive Option Agreements, without the prior written consent of the
    WFOE, the Registered Owner shall not sell, transfer, mortgage or dispose of in any manner
    any assets of the relevant Opco (except in the ordinary course of business) or legal or
    beneficial interest in the business or revenues of the relevant Opco, allow the creation of
    any security interest thereon, or allow the alteration of the registered capital of the relevant
    Opco or merger of the relevant Opco with any other entity. The Exclusive Option
    Agreements shall remain effective from the execution date and terminate when all the
    equity interests and assets of the relevant Opco have been legally transferred to the WFOE
    or its designee in accordance with the terms of the relevant Exclusive Option Agreement.

Revenue and assets subject to the Contractual Arrangements

During the Reporting Period, the Group expanded the scale of investments and business
operated under the Opcos, and revenues generated from and assets held through the Opcos
had begun to form a material portion of the Group’s total revenue and assets. The following
table sets forth (a) revenue and (b) assets involved in the Opcos which are consolidated into the
Group’s financial statements pursuant to the Contractual Arrangements:

                                                               Revenue (RMB’000)
                                                                 (proportionate %                Assets (RMB’000)
                                                                     to the Group)               (proportionate %
                                                                  For the financial                 to the Group)
                                                                       year ended                           As at
                                                                   March 31, 2024                  March 31, 2024

Hongyun Jiukang                                                       820,852 (3.04%)             1,498,265 (7.60%)
Alibaba Health Hebei                                                           — (0%)                81,401 (0.41%)




                                     ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2024 Fiscal Year Annual Report   65
DIRECTORS’ REPORT

     Reasons for using the Contractual Arrangements

     As disclosed above, as the applicable PRC laws and regulations as detailed below in force
     restrict foreign investment in the Restricted Businesses and the operation of ICPs which are
     fundamental to the Group’s business, the Group participates in the Restricted Businesses
     through the Contractual Arrangements.

     According to the Regulations for the Administration of Foreign-Invested Telecommunications
     Enterprises (the “FITE Regulations”), the proportion of foreign equity ownership in the entity
     that provides commercial Internet information services shall not exceed 50%. Further, according
     to the FITE Regulations, subject to the foreign ownership restrictions as set out above, the
     significant foreign investor of an entity that provides commercial Internet information services
     must also be able to demonstrate good performance of and experience in operating a
     value-added telecommunication business. As the Company and its subsidiaries do not meet such
     qualification requirement, neither the Company nor any of its offshore subsidiaries is qualified to
     apply to any competent government authorities to establish a foreign invested
     telecommunication enterprise and obtain an ICP License to operate the Restricted Businesses. In
     the opinion of the Company’s PRC legal advisers, the Contractual Arrangements do not violate
     applicable PRC laws and regulations.

     Risks associated with the Contractual Arrangements and the actions taken by the Group to
     mitigate the risks

     The Company’s PRC legal advisers had advised us that while the Contractual Arrangements do
     not violate the applicable PRC laws and regulations, there are uncertainties regarding the
     interpretation and application of the currently applicable PRC laws, rules, and regulations. As
     such, the Group believes the following risks are associated with the Contractual Arrangements:

     (i)     If the PRC government finds that the Contractual Arrangements that allow us to consolidate
             the results of operations, assets and liabilities, and cash flows of the Opcos which operate
             the Restricted Businesses do not comply with applicable PRC laws and regulations, we could
             be subject to penalties and our business may be materially and adversely affected;

     (ii) Certain terms of the Contractual Arrangements may not be enforceable under the PRC laws;

     (iii) The Contractual Arrangements may not be as effective in providing control over the Opcos
           as equity ownership;

     (iv) Any failure by the Opcos or the Registered Owner to perform their obligations under the
          Contractual Arrangements would potentially lead to us having to incur additional costs and
          expend material resources to enforce such arrangements, temporary or permanent loss of
          control over the Restricted Businesses and the revenue from these businesses;

     (v) The Registered Owner may have potential conflicts of interest with us, which may materially
         and adversely affect our business and financial condition;




66         ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2024 Fiscal Year Annual Report
                                                               DIRECTORS’ REPORT

(vi) The Contractual Arrangements may be subject to scrutiny by the PRC tax authorities and they
     may determine that the Company or the Opcos owe(s) additional taxes, which could
     negatively affect the Group’s financial condition and the value of the Shareholders’
     investment;

(vii) If any of the WFOE or the Opcos becomes the subject of a bankruptcy or liquidation
      proceeding, we may lose the ability to use and enjoy certain important assets, which could
      materially and adversely affect our business;

(viii) The Company’s exercise of the option to acquire the equity interests of the Opcos may be
       subject to certain limitations and the ownership transfer may incur substantial costs;

(ix) The Company does not have any insurance which covers the risks relating to the Contractual
     Arrangements and the transactions contemplated thereunder; and

(x) The Group’s current corporate structure and business operations may be affected by the
    Foreign Investment Law.

The Group has adopted the following measures to ensure the effective internal control and
operation of the Group with the implementation of the Contractual Arrangements and the
compliance with the Contractual Arrangements:

(i)   major issues arising from the implementation and compliance with the Contractual
      Arrangements or any regulatory enquiries from government authorities will be submitted to
      the Board, if necessary, for review and discussion on an occurrence basis;

(ii) the Board will review the overall performance of and compliance with the Contractual
     Arrangements at least once a year;

(iii) the Company will disclose the overall performance of and compliance with the Contractual
      Arrangements in its annual reports; and

(iv) the Company will engage external legal advisers or other professional advisers, if necessary,
     to assist the Board to review the implementation of the Contractual Arrangements, review
     the legal compliance of the WFOE and the Opcos to deal with specific issues or matters
     arising from the Contractual Arrangements.

Material changes in the foreign ownership restriction requirements

The Contractual Arrangements have been put in place purely to allow the Group to comply with
the foreign ownership restrictions under FITE Regulations. Save as disclosed, during the
Reporting Period, there was no other material change in the Contractual Arrangements and/or
the circumstances under which they were adopted, and none of the Contractual Arrangements
had been unwound as the regulatory restrictions that led to their adoptions were not removed.




                                     ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2024 Fiscal Year Annual Report   67
DIRECTORS’ REPORT

     Listing rules implications

     Upon further enquiries and review of Alibaba Group, the Company was informed that there was
     an additional layer of contractual arrangements among the Five Individuals, the PRC GP, the PRC
     LPs and a wholly-owned subsidiary of Alibaba Group, pursuant to which Alibaba Group
     obtained effective control over, and received all the economic benefits of the PRC GP, the PRC
     LPs, the PRC Investco and Beijing Jiukangbao (the “Additional VIE Arrangement”). Accordingly,
     each of the PRC GP, the PRC LPs, the PRC Investco and Beijing Jiukangbao is consolidated into
     the financial statements of Alibaba Group under the VIE Structure Enhancement for accounting
     treatment purpose. As at the date of this announcement, Alibaba Holding is the ultimate
     shareholder of Perfect Advance, TBH and Ali JK, which are the substantial shareholders and
     connected persons of the Company, and holds approximately 63.83% of the issued share capital
     of the Company via Perfect Advance, Alibaba Investment and Ali JK. As such, Beijing Jiukangbao
     became a connected person of the Company by virtue of it becoming an associate of Alibaba
     Holding and, subsequent to the Restructuring, the continuing transactions under the Contractual
     Arrangements constitute continuing connected transactions for the Company under Chapter 14A
     of the Listing Rules.

     The Directors (including the independent non-executive Directors) are of the view that it is
     inappropriate for the Company to (i) set an annual cap for the transactions under the
     Contractual Arrangements under Rule 14A.53 of the Listing Rules; or (ii) limit the term of the
     Contractual Arrangements to three years or less under Rule 14A.52 of the Listing Rules on the
     following grounds:

     (i)     the Previous Contractual Arrangements has been in place since in or around mid-2016 and
             the Contractual Arrangements have terms substantially consistent with those of the Previous
             Contractual Arrangements, and all necessary factual information about the Contractual
             Arrangements have been disclosed in the annual reports;

     (ii) the Contractual Arrangements and the transactions contemplated thereunder are
          fundamental to the Group’s legal structure and business operations as the adoption of the
          Contractual Arrangements enables the Group to continue, through the WFOE, to maintain
          effective control over, and receive all the economic benefits generated by, the businesses
          operated by the Opcos, which in turn hold the ICP Licenses and operate the Restricted
          Businesses;

     (iii) the Contractual Arrangements are for fixed terms and for a fixed period, and are entered into
           for the benefit of the Group, and unlike typical connected transactions, since the Registered
           Owner acts as shareholder of the Opcos to facilitate the arrangements whereby economic
           benefits from the Opcos are transferred to the Company, there is no concern of leakage of
           economic benefits to connected persons to the detriment of minority shareholders of the
           Company under the Contractual Arrangements;




68         ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2024 Fiscal Year Annual Report
                                                                DIRECTORS’ REPORT

(iv) the Directors (including the independent non-executive Directors), consider that the
     Contractual Arrangements are on normal commercial terms or on terms more favourable to
     the Group, in the ordinary and usual course of business of the Group and are fair and
     reasonable or to the advantage of the Group, and are in the interests of the Company and
     the Shareholders as a whole; and

(v) the Company believes that it will not be in the interests of the Company and the Shareholders
    to set any annual cap on the amounts of fees payable to the Company under the
    Contractual Arrangements.

Pursuant to Rule 14A.52 of the Listing Rules, the Group has obtained the opinion from an
independent financial adviser, pursuant to which the independent financial adviser considers
that in relation to the Contractual Arrangements, (i) the continuing connected transactions in
respect of the Contractual Arrangements have been entered into in the Group’s ordinary and
usual course of business on normal commercial terms, on terms that are fair and reasonable,
and in the interest of the Company and the Shareholders as a whole; (ii) a term of longer than
three years is required for the Contractual Arrangements; and (iii) it is normal business practice
for the Contractual Arrangements to be of such duration exceeding three years. For details,
please refer to the announcement of the Company dated June 30, 2023:

(i)   no change without independent non-executive Directors’ approval;

(ii) no change without independent Shareholders’ approval;

(iii) the Contractual Arrangements shall continue to enable our Group to receive the economic
      benefits derived by the Opcos; and

(iv) the Group will disclose details relating to the Contractual Arrangements on an ongoing basis.

Confirmation from the independent non-executive Directors

The independent non-executive Directors have reviewed the Contractual Arrangements and
confirmed that:

(i)   the transactions carried out during the Reporting Period have been entered into in accordance
      with the relevant provisions of the Contractual Arrangements;

(ii) no dividends or other distributions have been made by the Opcos to Beijing Jiukangbao which
     are not otherwise subsequently assigned or transferred to the Group during the Reporting
     Period; and

(iii) any contracts entered into between the Group and the Opcos during Reporting Period are
      fair and reasonable, or advantageous to the Shareholders, so far as the Group is concerned
      and in the interests of the Company and the Shareholders as a whole.




                                      ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2024 Fiscal Year Annual Report   69
DIRECTORS’ REPORT

     The independent non-executive Directors have reviewed the aforesaid continuing connected
     transactions for the year ended March 31, 2024 (excluding the Contractual Arrangements) and
     confirmed that these transactions have:

     (i)     been entered into in the ordinary and usual course of business of the Group;

     (ii) been conducted on normal commercial terms or better; and

     (iii) been conducted in accordance with the relevant agreements governing them on the terms
           that are fair and reasonable and in the interests of the Shareholders as a whole.

     In respect of the continuing connected transactions (the “Transactions”), Ernst & Young, the
     Company’s auditor, has been engaged to report whether anything has come to their attention
     that causes them to believe that:

     (i)     the Transactions have not been approved by the Company’s board of directors;

     (ii) for those Transactions that involve provision of goods or services by the Group, the
          Transactions were not, in all material respects, in accordance with the pricing policies of the
          Group;

     (iii) the Transactions were not entered into, in all material respects, in accordance with the
           relevant agreements governing such transactions;

     (iv) the Transactions (other than those transactions with the Registered Owner and the Opcos
          under the contractual arrangements) have exceeded the annual cap as set by the
          Company; and

     (v) for those Transactions with the Registered Owner and the Opcos under the contractual
         arrangements, dividends or other distributions have been made by the Opcos to the holders
         of the equity interests of the Opcos which are not otherwise subsequently assigned or
         transferred to the Group.

     The Company’s auditor has confirmed in a letter to the Board that, with respect to the aforesaid
     continuing connected transactions for the year ended March 31, 2024:

     (i)     nothing has come to the auditor’s attention that causes us to believe that the disclosed
             continuing connected transactions have not been approved by the Company’s board of
             directors;

     (ii) for transactions involving the provision of goods or services by the Group, nothing has come
          to the auditor’s attention that causes us to believe that the transactions were not, in all
          material respects, in accordance with the pricing policies of the Group;

     (iii) nothing has come to the auditor’s attention that causes us to believe that the transactions
           were not entered into, in all material respects, in accordance with the relevant agreements
           governing such transactions;



70         ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2024 Fiscal Year Annual Report
                                                                   DIRECTORS’ REPORT

    (iv) with respect to the aggregate amount of each of the aforesaid continuing connected
         transactions, nothing has come to the auditor’s attention that causes us to believe that the
         disclosed continuing connected transactions have exceeded the annual cap as set by the
         Company; and

    (v) with respect to the disclosed continuing connected transactions with the Registered Owner
        and the Opcos under the contractual arrangements, nothing has come to the auditor’s
        attention that causes us to believe that dividends or other distributions have been made by
        the Opcos to the holders of the equity interests of the Opcos which are not otherwise
        subsequently assigned or transferred to the Group.


RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS
During the Reporting Period, save as disclosed in note 33 to the consolidated financial statements,
the Group had no material transactions with its related parties.

The Directors have conducted review of such related party transactions of the Group during the
Reporting Period. All the related party transactions also constitute connected transactions or
continuing connected transactions as defined in Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules, and the Company
has complied with the relevant connected transaction requirements under Chapter 14A of the Listing
Rules in respect of those connected transactions or continuing connected transactions. The Directors
were not aware of any transactions requiring disclosure of connected transactions in accordance
with the Listing Rules except for those disclosed in this report.


MANAGEMENT CONTRACTS
No contracts concerning the management and administration of the whole or any substantial part of
the business of the Company were entered into or existed during the Reporting Period.


PERMITTED INDEMNITY PROVISION
A permitted indemnity provision for the benefit of the Directors is currently in force and was in force
throughout the Reporting Period. The Company has taken out and maintained appropriate insurance
coverage in respect of potential legal actions against the Directors and officers of the Company.


DONATIONS
During the Reporting Period, the Group made charitable and other donations totaling RMB1.47
million.


MAJOR LEGAL PROCEEDINGS
During the Reporting Period, the Company had no major legal proceedings or arbitration. To the
knowledge of the Directors, there were no major legal actions or claims that had not been
concluded or may threaten our Company.



                                         ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2024 Fiscal Year Annual Report   71
DIRECTORS’ REPORT

DIRECTORS’ INTERESTS IN A COMPETING BUSINESS
During the Reporting Period and up to the date of this report, none of the Directors is considered to
have interests in a business which competes or is likely to compete, either directly or indirectly, with
the business of the Group and has any other conflicts of interest, as required to be disclosed under
the Listing Rules.


TAX RELIEF
The Company is not aware of any relief on taxation available to the Shareholders by reason of their
holdings of the Shares. If the Shareholders are unsure about the taxation implications of purchasing,
holding, disposing of, dealing in, or exercising of any rights in relation to the Shares, they are
advised to consult their professional advisers.


SIGNIFICANT EVENTS AFTER THE END OF THE REPORTING PERIOD
Save as disclosed in note 37 in the consolidated financial statements, there are no significant events
of the Group subsequent to March 31, 2024 and up to the date of this report.


SUFFICIENCY OF PUBLIC FLOAT
Based on information that is publicly available to the Company and to the knowledge of the
Directors, at least 25% of the Company’s total issued share capital was held by the public as at the
date of this report.


AUDITOR
There have been no changes of auditor of the Company in any of the preceding three years. A
resolution for the reappointment of Ernst & Young as auditor of the Company will be proposed at the
forthcoming annual general meeting.

^    For identification purposes only




On behalf of the Board

ZHU Shunyan
Chairman

Hong Kong
May 27, 2024




72      ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2024 Fiscal Year Annual Report
BIOGRAPHICAL INFORMATION OF DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT

EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS
Mr. ZHU Shunyan, aged 53, was appointed as an executive Director and the chairman of the Board
on March 16, 2020. He is currently the chairman of the nomination committee of the Company (the
“Nomination Committee”) of the Company. From March 16, 2020 to November 28, 2023, he served
as the chief executive officer of the Company. Mr. Zhu is a partner of the Alibaba Partnership and
the President of the Innovation Initiatives Segment of the ultimate controlling shareholder of the
Company, Alibaba Group Holding Limited (“Alibaba Holding” with its American depositary shares,
each representing eight ordinary shares, listed on the New York Stock Exchange (stock symbol:
BABA), and its ordinary shares listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange (stock code: 9988),
together with its subsidiaries, “Alibaba Group”). He was a director of Meinian Onehealth Healthcare
Holdings Co., Ltd.^ (美年大健康產業控股股份有限公司), a company listed on the Shenzhen Stock
Exchange (stock code: 2044) from May 2020 to October 2021. Prior to joining Alibaba Group, Mr. Zhu
founded Wuhan Xuncai Technology Co., Ltd.^ (武漢迅彩科技公司) in 2003. He joined the founding
team of UC Browser in 2007 as senior vice president, and was responsible for the marketing and
commercialization of UC Browser. The business of UC Browser was acquired by Alibaba Group in
June 2014. Subsequently, Mr. Zhu had served as (i) the president of Alimama Business Group, a
leading big data marketing platform in the PRC operated by Alibaba Group; (ii) the president of UC
Browser; (iii) the president of New Media Businesses of Alibaba Digital Media & Entertainment
Business Group, responsible for the business departments of UC Browser, Alibaba Music and
Innovation Business; and (iv) the president of the Intelligent Information Business Group. Mr. Zhu
obtained a Bachelor of Science Degree in Mathematics in 1993 from Yanshan University in the PRC.
He obtained a Master Degree in Computing Software in 1996 from Huazhong University of Science
and Technology in the PRC.

Mr. SHEN Difan, aged 45, was appointed as an executive Director and chief executive officer of the
Company on October 13, 2021 and November 28, 2023, respectively. He currently also serves as a
director of certain subsidiaries of the Company. From October 2020 to November 28, 2023, he served
as the chief operating officer of the Company. He has been a special assistant to the chairman of
the board of directors of Alibaba Holding form March 2020 to October 2021. Mr. Shen was an
executive Director and chief executive officer of the Company from March 2018 to March 2020. Prior
to the previous term with the Company, he was the general manager of Alibaba Group’s AliExpress
business from March 2012 to March 2018, leading the rapid expansion of AliExpress and growing
Alibaba Group’s overseas brand influence. Mr. Shen had held various positions in Alibaba Group
since he joined in 2004. Mr. Shen holds a Bachelor Degree in Computing from Yantai University.




                                        ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2024 Fiscal Year Annual Report   73
BIOGRAPHICAL INFORMATION OF DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT

Mr. TU Yanwu, aged 46, was appointed as an executive director on October 23, 2020. He has been
the chief financial officer of the Company since April 2020, and is responsible for the overall
financial management and the formulation and implementation of the Group’s strategies. Prior to
that, Mr. Tu was a senior finance director of the Group from September 2019 to March 2020, and
was seconded to Guizhou Ensure Chain Pharmacy Company Limited^ (貴州一樹連鎖藥業有限公司) to
act as its chief financial officer and senior vice president from October 2018 to August 2019. Before
joining the Group, Mr. Tu was the finance director of WuXi AppTec Co., Ltd.^ (無錫藥明康德新藥開發股
份有限公司) (“WuXi AppTec”) from December 2015 to September 2018, where he led the accounting
and reporting team since the delisting of WuXi PharmaTech (Cayman) Inc. from the New York Stock
Exchange through the initial public offering and listing of WuXi AppTec on the Shanghai Stock
Exchange. From April 2008 to April 2015, Mr. Tu held various finance positions at different
departments of General Motors, including being in charge of special projects in the Asia-Pacific
region and holding financial reporting and management positions in the North American region.
Mr. Tu also had over five years of experience in auditing at Arthur Anderson and
PricewaterhouseCoopers in Shanghai where he led the audit team to work on initial public offering
and listing projects across different industries. Mr. Tu obtained a Bachelor of Arts Degree in
Economics and Business Administration in June 2001 from Fudan University and he is also a member
of the Chinese Institute of Certified Public Accountants.


NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS
Mr. LI Faguang, aged 48, was appointed as a non-executive Director on October 13, 2021 and
resigned on May 15, 2023.

Ms. HUANG Jiaojiao, aged 42, was appointed as a non-executive Director on May 15, 2023. She is
currently a member of the remuneration committee of the Company (the “Remuneration
Committee”). She has worked at Alibaba Holding since December 2017 and is currently its senior
finance director. Ms. Huang has extensive experience in financial management. Prior to that, she was
the senior finance manager of Alibaba Group from February 2012 to April 2016. Before joining
Alibaba Group, Ms. Huang worked at the Shanghai branch of KPMG Huazhen LLP from August 2004
to February 2012 with her last position as audit manager. She obtained a Bachelor’s degree of
Management majoring in Accounting in July 2004 from the Shanghai University of Finance and
Economics in the PRC.




74    ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2024 Fiscal Year Annual Report
BIOGRAPHICAL INFORMATION OF DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT

Mr. XU Haipeng, aged 37, was appointed as a non-executive Director on October 19, 2023. Mr. Xu
has been serving as the business head on platform user operation and interaction at the User
Development and Operation Center of the Taobao and Tmall business group within Alibaba Group
since March 2022. Mr. Xu also served as the product head of merchant platforms under Taobao
business group’s product and content ecosystem division from December 2019 to February 2022.
Within the Tmall business group, Mr. Xu served as the head of marketing products in the marketing
platform business division from February 2017 to November 2019, and was responsible for
marketing products at the products technology department from March 2011 to January 2017. Mr. Xu
obtained a bachelor’s degree in industrial design in June 2008 from Qilu University of Technology in
the PRC, and a master’s degree in art design in March 2011 from the East China University of
Science and Technology in the PRC.


INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS
Mr. LUO Tong, aged 57, was appointed as an independent non-executive Director on May 9, 2014
and retired on August 11, 2023.

Mr. WONG King On, Samuel, aged 71, was appointed as an independent non-executive Director on
May 9, 2014 and retired on August 11, 2023.

Ms. HUANG Yi Fei (Vanessa), aged 50, was appointed as an independent non-executive Director on
June 9, 2019. She is currently the chairman of the Remuneration Committee and a member of the
audit committee of the Company (the “Audit Committee”). Ms. Huang is currently a General Partner
at BVCF Management Ltd.. Ms. Huang has over 20 years of investment banking experience in the
United States and Hong Kong. Prior to joining BVCF, she was Head of Emerging Asia Healthcare
Investment Banking at J.P. Morgan. During her time in investment banking, Ms. Huang worked with
companies and investors across Asia Pacific as well as global multinational companies and
institutional investors. Her coverage included all subsectors of healthcare including pharmaceutical,
biotech, medtech and services. She advised on multiple cross-border mergers and acquisitions and
different stages of capital raising. Ms. Huang is a member of the Biotech Advisory Panel of the Stock
Exchange and a member of the Admission Panel of the Incu-Bio Incubation Programme of the Hong
Kong Science and Technology Parks Corporation. Ms. Huang holds a Master of Business
Administration from The Wharton School, University of Pennsylvania.




                                        ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2024 Fiscal Year Annual Report   75
BIOGRAPHICAL INFORMATION OF DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT

Dr. SHAO Rong, aged 61, was appointed as an independent non-executive Director on August 11,
2023. She is currently a member of each of the Audit Committee and the Nomination Committee.
Dr. Shao has extensive experience in the pharmaceutical industry. She currently holds various
positions in China Pharmaceutical University of the PRC, serving as the executive deputy director of its
Research Center of National Drug Policy and Ecosystem and the executive dean of its Institute of
Drug Regulatory Sciences, in charge of regulatory science disciplines and research. Dr. Shao has
been an independent non-executive director of YSB Inc., a company listed on the Main Board of the
Stock Exchange (stock code: 9885), since June 2023. Dr. Shao has also been an independent director
at two companies listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange, namely Jiangsu GDK Biotechnology Co.,
Ltd. (江蘇金迪克生物技術股份有限公司) (stock code: 688670) and Shanghai InnoStar Bio-tech Co., Ltd.
(stock symbol: A06142), since June 2020 and December 2023, respectively. She also served as an
independent director at I-Mab, a company listed on the Nasdaq Global Market (stock symbol: IMAB)
from June 2021 to June 2024. Dr. Shao obtained a Bachelor’s degree in Medicinal Chemistry in July
1983 from Nanjing College of Pharmacy (currently known as China Pharmaceutical University) in the
PRC, a second Bachelor’s degree in Law in July 1989 from Nanjing University in the PRC and a PhD
degree in Pharmacy in July 2010 from Shenyang Pharmaceutical University in the PRC. Dr. Shao is a
qualified lawyer in the PRC, licensed by the Jiangsu Justice Department in 2009 and is a holder of a
Professor Qualification Certificate awarded by the Jiangsu Provincial Department of Education in
August 2003.

Ms. WU May Yihong, formerly named as Wu Ning, aged 56, was appointed as an independent
non-executive Director on August 11, 2023. She is currently the chairwoman of the Audit Committee
and a member of each of the Nomination Committee and the Remuneration Committee. Ms. Wu has
been an independent director and chairwoman of the audit committee of MakeMyTrip Limited, a
company listed on Nasdaq (stock code: MMYT), since May 15, 2024. She has been an independent
director of Noah Holdings Limited, a company listed on the New York Stock Exchange (stock symbol:
NOAH) and the Main Board of the Stock Exchange (stock code: 6686) since November 2010. Since
May 2017, Ms. Wu has been an independent non-executive director and the chairwoman of the audit
committee of Swire Properties Limited, the shares of which are listed on the Main Board of the Stock
Exchange (stock code: 1972). Ms. Wu worked at Homeinns Hotel Group, the shares of which were
listed on Nasdaq (stock code: HMIN) from October 2006 to April 2016, where she served as their
board adviser from July 2019 to May 2023, chief strategy officer from May 2010 to June 2019 and
chief financial officer from July 2006 to April 2010. Ms. Wu obtained a Bachelor’s degree in
Biochemistry in July 1989 from Fudan University in the PRC, a Master’s degree of Arts in Economics in
June 1993 from the Brooklyn College of the City University of New York, and a Master’s degree in
Business Administration in June 1998 from the J.L. Kellogg Graduate School of Management (currently
known as Kellogg School of Management) of Northwestern University in the United States of
America.




76    ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2024 Fiscal Year Annual Report
BIOGRAPHICAL INFORMATION OF DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT

COMPANY SECRETARIES
Ms. CHUN Ka Yan, was appointed as the company secretary of the Company on June 30, 2022 and
resigned on August 12, 2023.

Ms. DENG Yan, was appointed as one of the joint company secretaries of the Company on August
12, 2023. Ms. Deng has been a qualified lawyer in the PRC since March 2013. She has more than 20
years of working experience and has extensive experience in the legal field. She first joined the
Group as senior legal counsel in December 2016 and has been the general counsel of the Group
since June 2019 and is responsible for leading the legal and compliance department of the Group
and overseeing all legal and compliance matters of the Company. Prior to joining the Group,
Ms. Deng was the legal counsel at the legal and compliance department of Alibaba Group from
June 2014 to December 2016 and was responsible for handling legal matters related to the food,
drug and medical devices sold on Tmall and Taobao platforms. Prior to joining Alibaba Group, from
March 2003 to June 2014, she worked in multiple positions at Beijing Haihong Pharmacy
E-Commerce Company Limited^ (北京海虹藥通電子商務有限公司), a wholly-owned subsidiary of
Searainbow Holding Corp. (海虹企業（控股）股份有限公司) (currently known as China Reform Health
Management and Services Group Co., Ltd (國新健康保障服務集團股份有限公司) which is a company
listed on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange (stock code: 000503), with her last position as deputy
general manager. She obtained a Bachelor’s degree in Law in June 2003 from the Minzu University of
China in the PRC and a Master’s degree in Civil and Commercial Law in January 2011 from Peking
University in the PRC.

Ms. TSUI Hiu Leong, was appointed as one of the joint company secretaries of the Company on
August 12, 2023. Ms. Tsui joined the Company in January 2023 as a legal counsel. Ms. Tsui has
extensive experience in advising listed companies on mergers and acquisitions, corporate finance
and compliance of the Listing Rules and securities and corporate laws. Prior to joining the Company,
she worked for Guantao & Chow Solicitors and Notaries as a practising solicitor from 2018 to 2022.
Ms. Tsui obtained a Bachelor’s degree in Law from Jinan University in the PRC, a Master’s degree in
Common Law from The University of Hong Kong and a Bachelor’s degree in Law from Manchester
Metropolitan University in the United Kingdom. She was admitted as a solicitor of the High Court of
Hong Kong in 2018 and is currently a member of the Law Society of Hong Kong.




                                        ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2024 Fiscal Year Annual Report   77
BIOGRAPHICAL INFORMATION OF DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT

Save as disclosed in this report, none of the Directors (i) has any relationship with any Directors,
senior management, substantial Shareholders or controlling Shareholders; (ii) holds any directorship
in any other Hong Kong or overseas listed public companies in the last three years; or (iii) holds any
other positions with the Company or other members of the Group. For details of the interests and
short positions of the Directors in the share capital and underlying shares of the Company or its
associated corporations within the meaning of Part XV of the Securities and Futures Ordinance (the
“SFO”), please refer to the para headed “Directors’ and Chief Executive’s Interests and Short
Positions in Shares and Underlying Shares”. Further, save as disclosed in this report, there is no
other matter with respect to the Directors that needs to be brought to the attention of the
Shareholders and there is no other information of the Directors that is required to be disclosed
pursuant to Rule 13.51(2) of the Listing Rules.

^    For identification purposes only




78      ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2024 Fiscal Year Annual Report
                           CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

The Company strives to attain and maintain high standards of corporate governance continuously to
enable its shareholders to evaluate how the principles of corporate governance have been applied,
as it believes that effective corporate governance practices are fundamental to safeguarding the
interests of its shareholders and other stakeholders, and to enhancing shareholder value.

In the opinion of the Board, throughout the Reporting Period, the Company has complied with the
code provisions (“Code Provision(s)”) set out in the Corporate Governance Code (the “CG Code”)
under Appendix C1 to the Listing Rules, except in respect of the following matters:

According to Code Provision C.2.1, the roles of chairman and chief executive officer should be
separate and should not be performed by the same individual. Mr. ZHU Shunyan (“ Mr. Zhu”) has
served as both the chairman of the Board (the “Chairman”) and the chief executive officer of the
Company (the “Chief Executive Officer”) from March 16, 2020 to the close of business on November
28, 2023. After joining the Group, Mr. Zhu has been primarily responsible for overseeing the Group’s
general management and business development and for formulating business strategies and
policies for our business management and operations. The Directors consider that it was the most
suitable for Mr. Zhu to hold both the positions of the Chairman and the Chief Executive Officer as
they believe that it would ensure consistent leadership within the Group and enables more effective
and efficient overall strategic planning of the Group. The Board was also of the view that the
balance of power and authority for such arrangement would not be impaired and this structure
would enable the Company to make and implement decisions promptly and effectively. For the
purpose of focusing on the Group’s long-term strategic development plan, Mr. Zhu has resigned
from his position as the Chief Executive Officer with effect from the close of business on November
28, 2023 and Mr. SHEN Difan has been appointed as the Chief Executive Officer with effect from the
same time. The Company had been in compliance with the requirements under the Code Provision
C.2.1 of separating the roles of the chairman and the chief executive officer since the close of
business on November 28, 2023.

Code Provision D.1.2 stipulates that management should provide all members of the Board with
monthly updates giving a balanced and understandable assessment of the Company’s performance,
position and prospects in sufficient details to enable the Board as a whole and each Director to
discharge their duties under Rule 3.08 and Chapter 13 of the Listing Rules. The Company from time
to time, based on business needs and conditions, provides to the Board up-to-date business
information and convenes ad hoc meetings for considering material business or management
issues, so as to enable the Directors and the Board as a whole to discharge their duties.




                                        ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2024 Fiscal Year Annual Report   79
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

THE BOARD
Composition

As at March 31, 2024 and up to the date of this report, the Board comprised seven Directors,
including (i) three executive Directors, namely Mr. ZHU Shunyan, Mr. SHEN Difan and Mr. TU Yanwu;
(ii) two non-executive Directors, namely Ms. HUANG Jiaojiao (appointed on May 15, 2023) and Mr. XU
Haipeng (appointed on October 19, 2023) (Mr. LI Faguang resigned on May 15, 2023); and (iii) three
independent non-executive Directors, namely Ms. HUANG Yi Fei (Vanessa), Dr. SHAO Rong (appointed
on August 11, 2023) and Ms. WU May Yihong (appointed on August 11, 2023) (Mr. LUO Tong and
Mr. WONG King On, Samuel retired on August 11, 2023). The name and biographical details of each
Director are disclosed on pages 73 to 76 of this report.

Each of Ms. HUANG Jiaojiao, Ms. WU May Yihong, Dr. SHAO Rong and Mr. XU Haipeng confirms that
he/she (i) has obtained the legal advice referred to in Rule 3.09D of the Listing Rules on May 18,
2023, August 11, 2023, August 16, 2023 and November 3, 2023, respectively; and (ii) understood his/
her obligations as a Director.

The non-executive Directors and the independent non-executive Directors are appointed for a term of
one year and their respective appointment shall be renewable automatically for successive term of
one year each commencing from the next day after the expiry of the then current term of their
appointment unless terminated by the Company in accordance with the term of their appointment
letters and the provisions of the bye-laws of the Company, respectively.

During the year ended March 31, 2024 and up to the date of this report, all Directors have brought a
wide spectrum of valuable business experience, knowledge and professionalism to the Board for the
efficient and effective delivery of the Board’s functions. The independent non-executive Directors are
invited to serve on the Audit Committee, the Remuneration Committee and the nomination
committee (the “Nomination Committee”) of the Company.

Each independent non-executive Director, pursuant to the guidelines set out in rule 3.13 of the
Listing Rules, has confirmed he/she had been independent of the Company throughout the year
ended March 31, 2024 and up to the date of this report, and the Company also considers that they
have been independent. Each independent non-executive Director is subject to the requirement that
one-third of all the Directors shall retire from office by rotation at each annual general meeting
pursuant to the bye-laws of the Company. Save as disclosed, there is no relationship (including
financial, business, family or other material or relevant relationship) between each Director
(including independent non-executive Director) and the other members of the Board or the senior
management and between the Chairman and the Chief Executive Officer.




80    ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2024 Fiscal Year Annual Report
                           CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

Function

The key responsibilities of the Board include, among other things, formulating the Group’s overall
strategies, setting any major acquisition and disposal, major capital investment and dividend
policies, regulating and reviewing internal controls, formulating the Company’s corporate
governance policy, supervising management’s performance and reviewing the adequacy of the
Group’s resources.

In addition, the Board reserves the authority to make final decisions for all major matters of the
Company, which include among others, approving and monitoring of all policy matters, overall
strategies and budgets, risk management and internal control systems, adoption of various
corporate governance policies, dividend payout (if any), preparation and release of financial
information, material and connected transactions, appointment of Directors and other significant
financial and operational matters.

In order to enhance efficiency, the Board has delegated the day-to-day responsibilities, operations
and decisions to the executive Directors and the senior management of the Company who perform
their duties under the leadership of the Chief Executive Officer of the Company.

The independent non-executive Directors play a significant role on the Board by virtue of their
independent judgment and their views carry significant weight in the Board’s decisions. They bring
an impartial view on issues of the Company’s strategies, performance and controls.

The Company views that well-developed and timely reporting systems and internal controls are
essential, and the Board plays a key role in the implementation and monitoring of internal financial
controls.

The Board recognizes that corporate governance should be the collective responsibility of Directors
and their corporate governance duties include:

(a) to develop and review the Company’s policies and practices on corporate governance and to
    make recommendations to the Board;

(b) to review and monitor the training and continuous professional development of Directors and
    senior management;

(c) to review and monitor the Company’s policies and practices on compliance with legal and
    regulatory requirements;

(d) to develop, review and monitor the code of conduct and compliance manual applicable to
    employees and Directors; and

(e) to review the Company’s compliance with the CG Code and disclosure in the corporate governance
    report.

During the Reporting Period, the Board has performed the above corporate governance duties.




                                        ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2024 Fiscal Year Annual Report   81
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

Mr. ZHU Shunyan (“Mr. Zhu”) has served as both the Chairman and the Chief Executive Officer from
March 16, 2020 to the close of business on November 28, 2023. which does not comply with Code
Provision C.2.1 requiring the roles of chairman and chief executive officer to be separate and not to
be performed by the same individual. Mr. Zhu has resigned from his position as the Chief Executive
Officer with effect from the close of business on November 28, 2023 and Mr. SHEN Difan has been
appointed as the Chief Executive Officer with effect from the same time. The Company had been in
compliance with the requirements under the Code Provision C.2.1 of separating the roles of the
chairman and the chief executive officer since the close of business on November 28, 2023. For
details, please refer to page 79 of this report.




82    ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2024 Fiscal Year Annual Report
                             CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

The Board held 7 Board meetings during the Reporting Period. Agenda and accompanying board
papers were sent to all Directors in a timely manner. Directors who could not attend in person could
participate through electronic means of communications. Individual attendance of each Director at
the Board meetings, Board Committee meetings and general meetings during the Reporting Period
are set out in the table below:

                                    Number of meetings attended/Number of meetings eligible to attend
                                     Annual     Special                  Audit              Remuneration Nomination
                                    General    General         Board Committee                Committee Committee
Directors                           Meeting    Meeting        Meeting  Meeting                  Meeting    Meeting


Executive Directors
Mr. ZHU Shunyan (Chairman)              1/1          2/2            7/7            N/A                     N/A              1/1
Mr. SHEN Difan                          1/1          2/2            7/7            N/A                     N/A              N/A
Mr. TU Yanwu                            1/1          2/2            7/7            N/A                     N/A              N/A

Non-executive Directors
Ms. HUANG Jiaojiao
  (appointed on May 15, 2023)           1/1          2/2            7/7            N/A                     1/1              N/A
Mr. XU Haipeng
  (appointed on October 19, 2023)       N/A          2/2            4/7            N/A                     N/A              N/A
Mr. LI Faguang
  (resigned on May 15, 2023)            N/A         N/A             0/7            N/A                     0/1              N/A

Independent Non-executive
  Directors
Ms. HUANG Yi Fei (Vanessa)              1/1          2/2            7/7             4/4                    1/1              N/A
Dr. SHAO Rong
  (appointed on August 11, 2023)        1/1          2/2            5/7             2/4                    N/A              0/1
Ms. WU May Yihong
  (appointed on August 11, 2023)        1/1          2/2            5/7             2/4                    0/1              0/1
Mr. LUO Tong
  (retired on August 11, 2023)          1/1         N/A             2/7             2/4                    N/A              1/1
Mr. WONG King On, Samuel
  (retired on August 11, 2023)          1/1         N/A             2/7             2/4                    1/1              1/1




                                           ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2024 Fiscal Year Annual Report    83
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

Directors’ Training

Each newly-appointed Director is offered training by the Company upon his or her appointment, so
as to ensure that they have appropriate understanding of the Company’s business and they are
aware of their duties as directors under the applicable laws and regulations.

Pursuant to Code Provision C.1.4, all directors should participate in continuous professional
development to develop and refresh their knowledge and skills. This is to ensure that their
contribution to the Board remains informed and relevant. During the Reporting Period, all of the
following Directors participated in continuous professional development by attending seminar or by
self-studying of materials on topics related to corporate governance, regulations and business:

Executive Directors

Mr. ZHU Shunyan                                                                        Attend seminar and self-study
Mr. SHEN Difan                                                                         Attend seminar and self-study
Mr. TU Yanwu                                                                           Attend seminar and self-study

Non-executive Directors

Ms. HUANG Jiaojiao (appointed on May 15, 2023)                                         Attend seminar and self-study
Mr. XU Haipeng (appointed on October 19, 2023)                                         Attend seminar and self-study
Mr. LI Faguang (resigned on May 15, 2023)                                              Attend seminar and self-study

Independent Non-executive Directors

Ms. HUANG Yi Fei (Vanessa)                                                             Attend seminar and self-study
Dr. SHAO Rong (appointed on August 11, 2023)                                           Attend seminar and self-study
Ms. WU May Yihong (appointed on August 11, 2023)                                       Attend seminar and self-study
Mr. LUO Tong (retired on August 11, 2023)                                              Attend seminar and self-study
Mr. WONG King On, Samuel (retired on August 11, 2023)                                  Attend seminar and self-study

Board Committees

During the Reporting Period, the Company maintained the Audit Committee, the Nomination
Committee and the Remuneration Committee in compliance with the Listing Rules and the relevant
Code Provisions.

Remuneration Committee

During the Reporting Period, the Remuneration Committee comprised Ms. HUANG Yi Fei (Vanessa)
(Chairman), Mr. LI Faguang (resigned on May 15, 2023), Ms. HUANG Jiaojiao (appointed on May 15,
2023), Mr. WONG King On, Samuel (retired on August 11, 2023) and Ms. WU May Yihong (appointed
on August 11, 2023) with specific terms of reference which clearly deals with its authority and duties.




84    ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2024 Fiscal Year Annual Report
                            CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

The main duties of the Remuneration Committee include:

(a) to make recommendations to the Board on the Company’s policy and structure for all Directors
    and senior management remuneration and other remuneration related matters and on the
    establishment of a formal and transparent procedure for developing the remuneration policy;

(b) to assess the performance of executive Directors and approve the terms of executive Directors’
    service contract and make recommendations to the Board on the remuneration packages of
    individual executive Directors and senior management, including benefits in kind, pension rights
    and compensation payments (including any compensation payable for loss or termination of
    their office or appointment);

(c) to make recommendations to the Board on the remuneration of non-executive Directors;

(d) to review and approve the management’s remuneration proposals with reference to the Board’s
    corporate goals and objectives; and

(e) to review, provide its view on and/or approve matters relating to share schemes under Chapter
    17 of the Listing Rules (including but not limited to any change to the terms of share options or
    awards granted to the Directors and the management of the Company).

The Remuneration Committee held 1 meeting for the Reporting Period. The Remuneration Committee
discussed and made recommendations on the remuneration to be paid to the Directors for the
Reporting Period, and the grant of share options and restricted share units under the share award
scheme of the Company adopted by the Company on November 24, 2014 and amended on August
11, 2023.

According to the Share Award Scheme, the Board or the Remuneration Committee (as the case may
be) is entitled to impose any terms and conditions as it deems appropriate in its absolute discretion
with respect to the vesting of the Options provided that the vesting period for the Options shall not
be less than 12 months unless under specific circumstances set out in the Share Award Scheme.
During the Reporting Period, some of the Share Awards granted to the grantees during the
Reporting Period have a vesting period that is less than 12 months due to administrative reasons,
the period between the date of grant and the first vesting date is less than 12 months to reflect the
time from which the Options would have been granted to the grantees. The Share Awards granted
during the Reporting Period are generally not subject to performance targets but are subject to the
clawback mechanism in which any circumstances as specified in the respective grant letter shall
arise, which include among others, the termination of the grantee’s employment or service by the
Company or any of its subsidiaries by reason of the employer terminating the contract of
employment without notice or payment in lieu of notice, the grantee has committed an act of theft,
embezzlement, fraud, dishonesty, ethical breach or other similar acts or the commission of a criminal
offence or any conduct that is materially adverse to the name, reputation or interests of the Group,
the Share Awards granted but unvested will automatically lapse and not be exercisable (with regard
to share options), in respect of the underlying Shares with effect upon the occurrence of the relevant
circumstances.




                                         ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2024 Fiscal Year Annual Report   85
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

Having considered that (i) the grantees are Directors, directors of subsidiaries of the Company,
employees of the Company and employees of affiliate(s) of the Company and the grant of Share
Awards would provide them with the opportunity to acquire equity interests in the Company as
recognition of their contribution to the success and development of the Group, and (ii) the Share
Awards vest over a certain time period on a yearly basis which motivates them to remain with, and
to strive for the future development and expansion of, the Group and the Remuneration Committee
considered that performance targets are not necessary for the Share Awards granted.

Having considered the above, the Remuneration Committee was of the view that it is appropriate to
approve the grant of Share Awards on such terms to the grantees as it would encourage them to
work towards the success of the Group and reinforce their commitment to providing long term
services to the Group, which aligns with the interests of the Company and its shareholders and is in
line with the purpose of the Share Award Scheme.

Audit Committee

During the Reporting Period, the Audit Committee comprised Mr. WONG King On, Samuel (Chairman)
(retired on August 11, 2023), Mr. LUO Tong (retired on August 11, 2023), Ms. HUANG Yi Fei (Vanessa),
Ms. WU May Yihong (Chairman) (appointed on August 11, 2023) and Dr. SHAO Rong (appointed on
August 11, 2023) with specific terms of reference which clearly deals with its authority and duties.

The main duties of the Audit Committee include:

(a) to make recommendations to the Board on the appointment, reappointment and removal of the
    external auditor, and to approve the remuneration and terms of engagement of the external
    auditor, and any questions in relation to its resignation or dismissal;

(b) to discuss with the external auditor the nature and scope of the audit and reporting obligations
    before the audit commences;

(c) to review the half-year and annual financial statements and annual and interim reports and
    accounts before submission to the Board;

(d) to discuss problems and reservations arising from the interim and final audits, and any matters
    the auditor may wish to discuss;

(e) to review the external auditor’s management letter, any material queries raised by the auditor to
    the management about the accounting records, financial accounts or systems of control and
    management’s response;

(f)   to review the Company’s financial controls, risk management systems and internal control
      systems;

(g) to review and monitor the effectiveness of the internal audit function, and ensure coordination
    with the external auditor, and ensure the internal audit function has adequate resources and
    appropriate standing within the Company;




86      ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2024 Fiscal Year Annual Report
                              CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

(h) to discuss the risk management and internal control system with management to ensure that
    management has performed its duty to have an effective system. This discussion should include
    the adequacy of resources, staff qualifications and experience, training program and budget of
    the Company’s accounting and financial reporting function;

(i)   to report on how it met its responsibilities in its review of the interim and annual results of the
      Company; and

(j)   to consider the major investigation findings on risk management and internal control matters and
      management’s response to these findings (if any).

The Audit Committee held 4 meetings during the Reporting Period. The Audit Committee reviewed
the financial statements of the Company for the Corresponding Period and for the six months period
ended September 30, 2023, re-appointment of Ernst & Young as auditor of the Company, internal
controls and risk management system and Ernst & Young’s audit plan for the Reporting Period, and
made relevant recommendations to the Board for its approval.

During the Reporting Period, a specialized internal audit function carried out the analysis and
independent appraisal of the adequacy and effectiveness of the Company’s risk management and
internal control systems.

Nomination Committee

The Nomination Committee comprised Mr. ZHU Shunyan (Chairman), Mr. LUO Tong (retired on
August 11, 2023), Mr. WONG King On, Samuel (retired on August 11, 2023), Dr. SHAO Rong
(appointed on August 11, 2023) and Ms. WU May Yihong (appointed on August 11, 2023) with
specific terms of reference which clearly deals with its authority and duties.

The main duties of the Nomination Committee include:

(a) to review the structure, size, composition and diversity (including but not limited to gender, age,
    cultural and educational background, professional experience, skills and knowledge) of the
    Board at least annually and to make recommendations on any proposed changes to the Board
    to complement the Company’s corporate strategy;

(b) to identify individuals suitably qualified to become members of the Board and to select or to make
    recommendations to the Board on the selection of individuals nominated for directorships;

(c) to assess the independence of the independent non-executive Directors; and

(d) to make recommendations to the Board on the appointment, re-appointment or removal of
    Directors and succession planning for Directors, in particular the chairman of the Board and the
    chief executive officer of the Company.




                                           ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2024 Fiscal Year Annual Report   87
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

The Nomination Committee held 1 meeting during the Reporting Period. The Nomination Committee,
identified and nominated qualified individual(s) for appointment as additional Director(s) or to fill
Board vacancies as and when they arise, assessed the independence of the independent
non-executive Directors, reviewed the retirement schedule, made recommendations on the
retirement and re-election of Directors and reviewed the composition, size and diversity of the
Board.


NOMINATION POLICY
The Board has adopted a nomination policy which sets out the criteria and process in the
nomination and appointment of Directors. Below are the nomination procedures and the process
and criteria adopted by the Nomination Committee to select and recommend candidates for
directorship.

Selection Criteria

The Nomination Committee shall consider the following criteria in evaluating and selecting
candidates for directorships:

•    character and integrity;

•    qualifications including professional qualifications, skills, knowledge and experience and diversity
     aspects under the Board Diversity Policy that are relevant to the Company’s business and
     corporate strategy;

•    any measurable objectives adopted for achieving diversity on the Board;

•    (in case of independent non-executive Directors) requirement for the Board to have independent
     non-executive Directors in accordance with the Listing Rules and whether the candidate would
     be considered independent with reference to the independence guidelines set out in the Listing
     Rules;

•    any potential contributions the candidate can bring to the Board in terms of qualifications, skills,
     experience, independence and gender diversity;

•    willingness and ability to devote adequate time to discharge duties as a member of the Board
     and/or Board committee(s) of the Company; and

•    any other perspectives that are appropriate to the Company’s business and succession plan and
     where applicable, may be adopted and/or amended by the Board and/or the Nomination
     Committee from time to time for nomination of Directors and succession planning.




88     ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2024 Fiscal Year Annual Report
                            CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

Directors Nomination Procedures

The Board has the relevant procedures for Directors’ nomination which are pursuant to the Listing
Rules and the Company’s bye-laws as detailed below.

(a) Appointment of New Director

    The Nomination Committee or the company secretary of the Company shall call for a meeting of
    the Nomination Committee upon receipt of any nominations of candidates. The Nomination
    Committee should evaluate such candidate based on the selection criteria mentioned above to
    determine whether such candidate is qualified for directorship. The Nomination Committee
    should then recommend to the Board to appoint the appropriate candidate for directorship. For
    any person that is nominated by a Shareholder for election as a Director at the general
    meeting, the Nomination Committee and/or the Board should evaluate such candidate based on
    the same selection criteria as mentioned above to determine whether such candidate is
    qualified for directorship, and where appropriate, the Nomination Committee and/or the Board
    should make recommendation to the Shareholders in respect of the proposed election of
    Director at the general meeting. The Board should have the final decision on all matters relating
    to its recommendation of candidates to stand for election at any general meeting.

(b) Re-election of Director at General Meeting

    Retiring Directors are eligible for nomination by the Board to stand for re-election at the general
    meeting according to the bye-laws of the Company. The Nomination Committee and/or the
    Board should review the overall contribution and service of the retiring Director to the Company,
    his/her level of participation and performance on the Board and determine whether the retiring
    Director continues to meet the above selection criteria. The Nomination Committee and/or the
    Board should then make recommendation to the Shareholders in respect of the proposed
    re-election of Director at the general meeting.

Board and Workforce Diversity

With effect from June 19, 2014, the Board adopted a board diversity policy setting out the approach
to achieve diversity on the Board. The Board considered that the diversity of Board members can be
achieved through the consideration of a number of aspects, including but not limited to gender, age,
cultural and educational background, ethnicity, professional experience, skills, knowledge and length
of service. All Board appointments will be based on meritocracy, and candidates will be considered
against objective criteria, having due regard for the benefits of diversity of the Board. The
Nomination Committee reviews the board diversity policy on a regular basis and discusses any
revisions that might be required, and recommends to the Board for consideration and approval. An
annual review of this policy for the Reporting Period has been conducted. The Board is satisfied with
the implementation and effectiveness of the board diversity policy.




                                         ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2024 Fiscal Year Annual Report   89
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

As at March 31, 2024, the Board comprised four males and four females, and among the 1,435
full-time employees of the Group (including the senior management), the ratio of male to female
staff was approximately 1.2:1. The Board considers that the Board, the Group’s senior management
and workforce are all diverse in terms of gender. At present, the Company has not set any
measurable objectives for implementation of the diversity policies in relation to the Board members
and the workforce of the Group (including gender diversity). However, the Company will consider
and review from time to time such diversity policies (including gender diversity) and setting of any
measurable objectives (if applicable).

Model Code for Securities Transactions

The Company has adopted its own code for securities transactions by the (i) Directors; and (ii)
certain officers and employees of the Company or its subsidiaries that are considered to be likely in
possession of unpublished inside information in relation to the Company or its securities, on terms
not less exacting than those in the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed
Companies (the “Model Code”) as set out in Appendix C3 to the Listing Rules.

In response to specific enquiries made by the Company to all Directors, all Directors have confirmed
that they have complied with the Model Code and the Company’s code for securities transactions
throughout the Reporting Period.


COMPANY SECRETARIES
With effect from August 12, 2023, Ms. CHUN Ka Yan resigned as the company secretary of the
Company in order to focus on the other business affairs of Alibaba Group, and the Company
appointed Ms. Deng Yan and Ms. Tsui Hiu Leong as the joint company secretaries of the Company
on the same day.

During the Reporting Period, Ms. Deng Yan and Ms. Tsui Hiu Leon had taken relevant professional
training for no less than 15 hours in accordance with the requirements of Rule 3.29 of the Hong
Kong Listing Rules.


REMUNERATION OF SENIOR MANAGEMENT BY BAND
The remuneration of the senior management of the Company (namely three Directors, whose
biographies are set out on pages 73 to 74 of this report) during the Reporting Period falls under the
following bands:

                                                                                        Number of
Band of remuneration (RMB)                                                              individuals


5,000,001 to 10,000,000                                                                           2
15,000,001 to 20,000,000                                                                          1




90    ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2024 Fiscal Year Annual Report
                            CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

Further particulars of Directors’ remuneration and the five highest paid employees of the Company
as required to be disclosed pursuant to Appendix D2 to the Listing Rules are set out in notes 7 and
8 to the consolidated financial statements respectively.


AUDITOR’S REMUNERATION
The remuneration paid to Ernst & Young for audit and non-audit services for the Reporting Period
amounted to approximately RMB4,130,000 and RMB2,554,000, respectively. The non-audit services
provided by Ernst & Young to the Group were in relation to the review service on the interim results,
limited assurance services on continuing connected transactions, other professional service related to
the environmental, social and governance assessment, tax review service and transfer pricing review
service.


RISK MANAGEMENT AND INTERNAL CONTROLS
The Board and the management of the Group maintain a sound and effective system of internal
controls of the Group so as to ensure the effectiveness and efficiency of operations of the Group in
achieving its established corporate objectives, safeguarding assets of the Group, rendering reliable
financial reporting and complying with the applicable laws and regulations.

The Board is also responsible for making appropriate assertions on the adequacy of internal controls
over financial reporting and the effectiveness of disclosure controls and procedures. Through the
Audit Committee, the Board reviews the effectiveness of these systems. For the avoidance of doubt,
such systems are designed to manage rather than eliminate the risk of failure to achieve business
objectives, and can only provide reasonable and not absolute assurance against material
misstatement or loss.

It is also the Board’s responsibility to review the effectiveness of the Group’s risk management
system and ensure that risk management controls are sound and effective to safeguard the
investment of the Shareholders and the Group’s assets at all times. In connection with this, the
Board formed a risk management committee (the “Risk Management Committee”) on November
23, 2016 to discharge its role in monitoring and in exercising oversight over the risk management of
the Company.

During the Reporting Period, the Company has regularly monitored its transactions in the identifying
potential connected transactions to ensure that connected transaction implications on VIE
arrangements would be identified in a prompt manner, and relevant staff and management had
also attended training on legal and compliance matters related to the Listing Rules.

The Audit Committee and the Board performed its annual review of the Group’s risk management
and internal controls for each financial year from April 1 to March 31 and concluded that for the
Reporting Period, (a) the Group’s risk management and internal control systems were effective and
adequate; (b) the Group had adopted the necessary control mechanisms to monitor and correct
non-compliance; and (c) the Group had complied satisfactorily with the requirements of the CG Code
in respect of risk management and internal control systems.




                                         ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2024 Fiscal Year Annual Report   91
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

SHAREHOLDER COMMUNICATION POLICY
Purpose

1.   This policy aims at ensuring that the Shareholders, both individual and institutional, and, in
     appropriate circumstances, the investment community at large, are provided with ready, equal
     and timely access to balanced and understandable information about the Company (including
     its financial performance, strategic goals and plans, material developments, governance and risk
     profile), to enable Shareholders to exercise their rights in an informed manner, and to allow
     Shareholders and the investment community to engage actively with the Company.

Communication Strategies

Communication with the Company

2.   Shareholders may direct questions, request for publicly available information and provide
     comments and suggestions to Directors or management of the Company. Those questions,
     requests and comments can be sent by mail to the company secretary of the Company at 26/F,
     Tower 1, Times Square, 1 Matheson Street, Causeway Bay, Hong Kong.

3.   Shareholders may direct their questions about their shareholdings by mail to the Company’s Share
     Registrar, Tricor Secretaries Limited at 17/F, Far East Finance Centre, 16 Harcourt Road, Hong
     Kong.

Corporate Website

4.   The Company communicates to its Shareholders through announcements and interim and annual
     reports published on its website at http://www.irasia.com/listco/hk/alihealth/. The information
     on the website is updated on a regular basis.

5.   Information released by the Company to the Stock Exchange is also posted on the Stock Exchange’s
     website immediately thereafter. Such information includes financial statements, results
     announcements, circulars and notices of general meetings and associated explanatory
     documents etc.

Shareholders’ meetings

6.   The Shareholders are encouraged to participate in general meetings or to appoint proxies to
     attend and vote at meetings for and on their behalf if they are unable to attend the meetings.

7.   The process of the Company’s general meetings will be monitored and reviewed on a regular
     basis, and, if necessary, changes will be made to ensure that Shareholders’ needs are best
     served.

8.   Board members, in particular, either the chairman of the Board or chairman of Board committees
     or their delegates, appropriate management executives and external auditor will attend annual
     general meetings to answer Shareholders’ questions.


92     ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2024 Fiscal Year Annual Report
                            CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

Upon reviewing the implementation and effectiveness of the Shareholders’ communication policy of
the Company, the Board considers the policy and its implementation are effective as the policy has
provided effective channels for Shareholders, potential investors and other stakeholders of the Group
to communicate their views with the Company and the Company has complied with the principles
and required practices as set out in the policy as described above during the Reporting Period.

Shareholder Privacy

The Company recognizes the importance of the Shareholders’ privacy and will not disclose
Shareholders’ information without their consent, except where required by applicable laws and
regulations, any stock exchanges (including the Stock Exchange) or any governmental, judicial or
relevant competent authorities.


SHAREHOLDERS’ RIGHTS
Procedures for shareholders to convene a special general meeting

Shareholders, holding at the date of deposit of the requisition not less than one tenth of the
paid-up capital of the Company carrying the right to vote at general meetings of the Company, shall
at all times have the right by written requisition to the Board or the company secretary, to require a
special general meeting (the “SGM”) to be called by the Board for the transaction of any business
specified in such requisition.

The requisitionists must state the purpose of the meeting and their contact details in the requisition,
and sign and deposit the requisition at the principal place of business of the Company for the
attention of the company secretary.

The SGM shall be held within two months from the deposit of the requisition. If the Board fails to
proceed to convene the SGM within 21 days of such deposit, the requisitionists may convene the
SGM by themselves in accordance with the provisions of Section 74(3) of the Companies Act 1981 of
Bermuda (as amended) (the “Companies Act”).

Procedures for putting forward proposals at general meetings

Shareholders holding not less than 5% of the total voting rights of all Shareholders having a right to
vote at the general meeting or not less than 100 Shareholders can submit a written request stating
a resolution to be moved at the annual general meeting or a statement of not more than 1,000
words with respect to a matter referred to in any proposed resolution or the business to be dealt
with at a particular general meeting.

The requisitionists must sign and deposit the written request or statement at the registered office of
the Company and the principal place of business of the Company for the attention of the company
secretary, not less than six weeks before the annual general meeting in the case of a requisition
requiring notice of a resolution and not less than one week before the general meeting in the case
of any other requisition.




                                         ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2024 Fiscal Year Annual Report   93
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

If the written request is in order, the company secretary will ask the Board to include the resolution
in the agenda for the annual general meeting, as the case may be, to circulate the statement for the
general meeting, provided that the requisitionists have deposited a sum of money reasonably
determined by the Board sufficient to meet the expenses in serving the notice of the resolution and/
or circulating the statement submitted by the requisitionists in accordance with the statutory
requirements to all the registered Shareholders.

Procedures for sending enquiries to the Board

Shareholders may send their enquiries with sufficient contact details to the Board at the principal
place of the business of the Company for the attention of the company secretary. When the written
enquiries are in order, the Company will direct them to the Board.


CONSTITUTIONAL DOCUMENTS
There were no changes in the constitutional documents of the Company during the Reporting Period.

The Board proposes to amend the existing bye-laws of the Company in order to, inter alia , (i)
comply with the latest regulatory requirements in relation to the expanded paperless listing regime
and the electronic dissemination of corporate communications by listed issuers to their securities
holders and the relevant amendments to the Listing Rules which came into effect on December 31,
2023; (ii) allow the Company to hold and resale its shares as treasury shares in accordance with
applicable laws of Bermuda and the recent amendments to the Listing Rules relating to treasury
shares which became effective on June 11, 2024; and (iii) incorporate certain other consequential
and housekeeping changes (the “Proposed Amendments”). The Proposed Amendments will be
presented to the Shareholders for approval as a special resolution at the forthcoming annual
general meeting of the Company.


DIVIDEND POLICY
The Company has adopted a dividend policy that, in recommending or declaring dividends, the
Company shall maintain adequate and sufficient cash reserves for meeting its working capital
requirements and future growth as well as its shareholder value. The Board has the full discretion to
declare and distribute dividends to the Shareholders, and any final dividend for a financial year will
be subject to Shareholders’ approval. In proposing any dividend payout, the Board shall also take
into account, among other things, the Group’s financial results, financial position, cash flow
situation, business conditions and strategies, expected future operations and earnings, capital
requirements and expenditure plans, interests of Shareholders, any restrictions on payment of
dividends and any other factors the Board may consider relevant. Any payment of the dividend by
the Company is also subject to any restrictions under the Companies Act, the Company’s bye-laws
and all applicable laws and regulations.




94    ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2024 Fiscal Year Annual Report
                            CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

MECHANISM ON OBTAINING INDEPENDENT VIEWS AND INPUT
The Board has adopted a mechanism on obtaining independent views and input in that the Board,
Board committees or individual Directors may seek such independent professional advice, views and
input as considered necessary to fulfil their responsibilities and in exercising independent judgement
when making decisions in furtherance of their Directors’ duties at the Company’s expense.

Independent professional advice shall include legal advice and advice of accountants and other
professional financial advisers on matters of law, accounting, tax and other regulatory matters.

Despite having obtained any information or advice from independent professional advisers, the
Directors are expected to exercise independent judgement in forming their decisions.

All Directors are aware of this mechanism. An annual review of this mechanism for the Reporting
Period has been conducted. The Board is satisfied with the implementation and effectiveness of this
mechanism.


WHISTLEBLOWING POLICY
The Company’s whistleblowing policy was adopted on November 29, 2022. The Company’s
whistleblowing policy allows employees and relevant third parties who deal with the Group to voice
concerns, in confidence and anonymity, with the integrity department of the Company about
misconduct, malpractice or irregularities in any matters related to the Group who then conducts an
investigation into the matter and later report on the findings of such investigation to the Audit
Committee (or any designated committee comprising a majority of independent non-executive
directors).


ANTI-CORRUPTION POLICY
The Company has adopted an Anti-Bribery and Anti-Corruption Policy, which sets forth the
obligations and responsibilities of the Company on the prevention of corruption and bribery
practices and provide standards and guidelines for all employees. The Company and its employees
are subject to anti-bribery and anti-corruption laws and regulations in the jurisdictions where their
business is conducted.

The anti-corruption policy will be reviewed on a regular basis, and any conduct or activity in
violation of the policy will be reported to the legal and compliance department of the Company.




                                         ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2024 Fiscal Year Annual Report   95
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

HANDLING AND DISSEMINATION OF INSIDE INFORMATION
The Company has in place a policy for the handling and disclosure of inside information in
compliance with the SFO and the Listing Rules. The policy sets out the procedures and internal
controls for the handling and dissemination of inside information in a timely manner so as to allow
all the shareholders and stakeholders to assess the latest position of the Group.

Under the policy, if an employee is aware of any information which he/she thinks could potentially
constitute inside information, the employee should consult his/her supervisor who should consider
whether to report the matter to the chief financial officer or chief legal officer of the Company.

Directors regularly attend seminars and/or self-study materials on this subject matter to facilitate
their understanding and compliancy with the policy.


DIRECTORS’ RESPONSIBILITY IN PREPARING THE FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS
The Directors acknowledge their responsibility for preparing the Company’s financial statements of
the Group (the “Financial Statements”) which give a true and fair view and are in accordance with
Hong Kong Financial Reporting Standards published by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public
Accountants. The Directors endeavor to ensure a balanced, clear and understandable assessments of
the Group’s performance, position and prospects in financial reporting. Accordingly, appropriate
accounting policies are selected and applied consistently; judgments and estimates made are
prudent and reasonable.

The statement of the Company’s auditor about their reporting responsibilities on the Financial
Statements is set out in the Independent Auditor’s Report on pages 106 to 112 of this report.




96    ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2024 Fiscal Year Annual Report
   RISK MANAGEMENT AND INTERNAL CONTROL

1. RISK MANAGEMENT AND INTERNAL CONTROL
  The Group considers risk management and internal control to be a core part of its operational
  management and business activities. The Group is committed to: (i) establishing a
  comprehensive risk management system that is in line with the Group’s strategy and its specific
  business characteristics; (ii) continually optimizing its risk management organizational structure;
  (iii) enhancing its risk management processes; and (iv) adopting qualitative and quantitative risk
  management approaches to drive better identification, assessment and response of risks, to
  achieve a balance between risks and rewards, and to achieve sustainable development of the
  Group’s businesses while appropriately managing risks.


2. RISK MANAGEMENT AND INTERNAL CONTROL FRAMEWORK
  The risk management and internal control systems aim to support the Group in realizing its
  strategic objectives, vision and mission as well as the sustainable development of its business.
  The risk management objectives of “Strategy”, “Operation”, “Reporting” and “Compliance”
  can be achieved through risk identification, assessment, response and relevant monitoring
  measures. Risk management capability is one of our core competitive competencies, and we
  believe that implementing risk management and internal control systems over each business
  segment and every functional department across the Group will help enhance long-term
  shareholder value. The Group’s risk management and internal control framework includes three
  levels: strategy, management and operation.




                                                                                                                        6WUDWHJ\/HYHO
                                                                5LVN
                                                              6WUDWHJ\

                                                           5LVN2EMHFWLYHV

                                                           5LVN$SSHWLWH


                                                                                           QX
                                                       5LVN0DQDJHPHQW                  QWL
                                     P
                                                    2UJDQL]DWLRQDO6WUXFWXUH          &R




                                                                                                                         0DQDJHPHQW/HYHO
                                   6\
                                     VWH                                                  D O
                                                                                            ,P
                                 HQ W                                                              Y
                               HP                                                               SUR
                                                ,GHQWLI\                     $VVHVV               HP
                              DJ
                            DQ                                                                      HQ
                                                                                                        WD Q
                         N0                         5LVN0DQDJHPHQW
                                                                                                          G (
                       5LV                              3URFHVVHV
                    WR                                                                                      DQ
                        I                                                                                  QK
                  \R X                     5HSRUW             0RQLWRU             5HVSRQG                        FH
                  /D                                                                                             PH
                                                                                                                  QW



                                         5LVN0DQDJHPHQW$VVXUDQFH0HFKDQLVP
                                                                                                                       2SHUDWLRQ

                                                                                                                        /HYHO
                                                                                          &RPPXQLFDWLRQ
                   %XVLQHVV3URFHVVHV                 3HUIRUPDQFH$SSUDLVDO
                                                                                           DQG7UDLQLQJ




                                                       ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2024 Fiscal Year Annual Report       97
RISK MANAGEMENT AND INTERNAL CONTROL

•    Risk Management Strategy

     The Group’s risk management strategy aims at “ensuring steady growth and sustainable
     development of the Group’s businesses through continual optimization of the Group’s risk
     management framework, capability and culture”.

•    Risk Management Objectives

     The Group’s risk management objectives include: (1) strategic objective — to construct our risk
     management and internal control systems so that they are compatible with the Group’s strategic
     objectives and business development, and support the achievement of its strategic goals and
     sustainable business development; (2) operational objective — to continuously improve the
     Group’s risk management capabilities, thereby reducing uncertainties in the achievement of our
     operational goals, supporting our business expansion and innovative activities, and ensuring the
     efficiency and effectiveness of our operational activities; (3) reporting objective — to ensure the
     validity, accuracy and completeness of our financial and operation management reporting; and
     (4) compliance objective — to ensure compliance with both external regulatory requirements and
     internal management policies, standardize our operational management and business processes
     to maintain the legality and compliance of each business activity of the Company.

•    Risk Appetite

     Risk appetite sets the tone for the Group’s overall risk profile. Having adopted a prudent stance
     in the determination of its risk appetite, the Group integrates its development strategies with its
     risk appetite by taking into account its overall strategic deployment and the needs of each
     business segment, thereby facilitating the healthy operation and sustainable growth of the
     Group as well as each business line.




98     ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2024 Fiscal Year Annual Report
        RISK MANAGEMENT AND INTERNAL CONTROL

•   Risk Management Organizational Structure

    The Group’s risk management organizational structure has three levels: governance,
    management and execution. The risk management responsibilities and reporting relationships of
    the different levels are illustrated below.


                                                                                        The Board
                                                                             Ensure that eﬀective risk management             Oversee management’s design,
                              Assess and determine the nature and
                                                                             and internal control systems have been        implementation and monitoring of the
                            level of risks that the Company is willing
                                                                               established and maintained by the          Company’s risk management and internal
                             to accept to achieve its strategic goals




               Governance
                                                                                            Company                         control systems on an ongoing basis




                                   Risk Management Committee                                                          Audit Committee

                              Review and provide assurance to the Board on the eﬀective
                                                                                                      Review the eﬀectiveness of the Company's risk management
                            design and implementation of the Company’s risk management
                                                                                                         and internal control systems, and report to the Board
                                            and internal control systems




                               Operation and Management Committee, Comprehensive


               Management
                            Business Risk Management Committee, and Senior Management

                              Manage and control business risks, and help the management quickly identify and formulate risk response
                              strategies. Design, implement and monitor the risk management and internal control systems, and provide
                                                  assurance to the Risk Management Committee on their eﬀectiveness




                                 Business Team                              Risk Management Team                             Internal Audit Team
                             (First Line of Defence)                       (Second Line of Defence)                        (Third Line of Defence)

               Execution     Each business team takes responsibility
                                                                            Risk governance, quality control, internal
                                                                                                                           Conduct independent supervision and
                                                                            control, ﬁnance and legal teams conduct
                            for daily business operation and internal                                                      assessment on the eﬀectiveness of risk
                                                                             daily supervision of the work at the First
                                         control functions                                                                   management and internal control
                                                                                         Line of Defence




•   Risk Management Processes

    •    Risk identification — based on the Group’s strategic and operational objectives, management
         identifies uncertainties and risk exposures which could affect the Group in realizing its
         strategic and operational objectives in nine major areas, including strategy, operation,
         quality, customers service, finance, laws, human resources, information technology and
         data, and reputation.

    •    Risk assessment — management and its management team evaluate and rate the identified
         risks based on the two dimensions of probability and impact and ranks them as “high”,
         “moderate” or “low” based on the rating results.

    •    Risk response — risk response strategies include risk avoidance, transfer, mitigation and
         acceptance. Based on the risk identification and assessment results, management adopts
         appropriate risk response strategy to design relevant measures to address the specific risk.




                                                                         ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2024 Fiscal Year Annual Report             99
RISK MANAGEMENT AND INTERNAL CONTROL

      •     Risk monitoring — risk monitoring is to oversee the implementation of risk response measures
            as well as to continuously improve the effectiveness of internal control activities, which
            includes ongoing monitoring during daily business operation and regular independent
            assessment.

      •     Risk reporting — risk reporting is to report on the effectiveness of the design and
            implementation of the risk management and internal control systems to the Group
            management, the Board, the Audit Committee and the Risk Management Committee.

•     Risk Management Assurance Mechanisms

      •     The Group’s management actions for risk response include processes and internal control
            activities at the organizational, operational, financial reporting and IT system levels. The
            relevant processes and internal control activities have been recorded in internal control
            manuals and policies, which are published on our policy management platform as
            reference and learning materials for all employees. The Group also established a rules
            center to publicize policies and requirements in respect of the management of partners and
            businesses.

      •     Risk management performance appraisal provides assurance for risk management
            implementation and the Group ensures implementation of its risk management strategies by
            raising all employees’ risk awareness, standardizing internal control processes and adopting
            the accountability mechanism of all employees.

      •     The Group ensures the implementation of operational procedures, policies and internal
            control activities through related communication and trainings on risk management and
            internal control, which may take such forms as centralized training sessions, seminars,
            on-job communication and instructions, online video courses, e-mail reminders and online
            examinations etc., covering content such as policies, internal control, legal and regulatory
            compliance, integrity, and data security management.


3. MAIN RISK MANAGEMENT AND INTERNAL CONTROL WORK
   CONDUCTED DURING THE REPORTING PERIOD
      •     During the Reporting Period, the Risk Management Committee held a meeting to review the
            risk management and internal control systems and reported to the Board. The tasks
            completed by the Risk Management Committee during the Reporting Period included:(1)
            discussion and review of the Group’s findings on major risk identification and assessment,
            the risk management strategies and control measures in response to key risks; (2)
            discussion and review of the Risk Management and Internal Control Report required to be
            disclosed in the annual report for the Reporting Period; and (3) discussion and review of the
            work plan and key points of risk management and internal control work for the financial
            year ending March 31, 2025 (“FY2025”) as well as the expected output and timetable etc.




100       ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2024 Fiscal Year Annual Report
    RISK MANAGEMENT AND INTERNAL CONTROL

•    The Group’s management and respective management teams identified uncertainties and risk
     exposures in nine major areas (including strategic risk, operational risk, quality risk,
     customer service risk, financial risk, legal risk, human resources risk, information technology
     and data security risk, and reputational risk); completed the ranking of the identified risks;
     discussed risk response proposals and measures, which formed the main basis for risk
     management and internal control work for the year.

•    The Group has established the Operation and Management Committee, comprising the
     Chairman, the Chief Executive Officer, chief financial officer, chief talent officer, chief
     technology officer, chief business analytics officer, and general managers of the direct sales
     business division and the platform business division of the Company. Through in-depth
     analysis and research on the competition, existing business segments as well as business
     operation status, the Operation and Management Committee develops the Group’s thorough
     understanding of and insight into the industry, to facilitate the management of strategic
     risks, ensure that the strategic decisions of the Group align with its business direction, and
     to adjust the approach to strategy implementation based on the operating results.

•    The “Comprehensive Business Risk Management Committee” is a problem-solving-oriented
     committee established under the Chief Executive Officer of the Company, which comprises
     the heads of major functional departments responsible for risk management of the Group.
     By focusing on managing and controlling the risks related to the Group’s businesses, it helps
     the management team quickly identify and formulate the strategies of risk response, and
     promotes the comprehensive enhancement in the risk management capability of the Group.

•    The business team took steps to standardize the operational procedures and relevant product
     systems for key businesses and management activities, formulated policies and published
     the same on our policy management platform as reference and learning materials for all
     employees.

•    The risk management teams, including the risk management team, quality control team,
     internal control team, financial team, legal team, government affairs team and public
     affairs team, provide supports in term of risk management and control expertise and
     capabilities from their respective professional perspectives, and conduct daily supervision of
     the work at the First Line of Defence to ensure effective implementation of risk response
     measures.

•    The Group arranged training sessions related to risk management for all staff on a quarterly
     basis to promote risk management awareness and promote risk management culture.
     Topics covered by such training sessions included, among other things, guidance of
     business processes and internal controls, code of business conduct, compliance with
     business-related laws and regulations, and data security management.




                                      ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2024 Fiscal Year Annual Report   101
RISK MANAGEMENT AND INTERNAL CONTROL

4. DISCLOSURE OF MATERIAL RISKS
      During the Reporting Period, the Group identified, analyzed and prioritized all the potential risks
      faced by its existing and new businesses. The following table sets forth risks that were ranked
      as “high”:

      Major Risks          Description of Risks                       Risk Response Measures


      Legal Risks          As the Company operates                    •      Establish relevant business processes and
                           its principal businesses                          internal control measures, and added internal
                           under a strict regulatory                         monitoring and checks by specialist teams in
                           regime, if we breach                              relation to matters involving regulatory issues, to
                           applicable regulatory                             ensure that the Company’s business operations
                           requirements, we may be                           comply with regulatory requirements;
                           subject to penalties which
                           may adversely affect our                   •      Stay up-to-date with applicable rules,
                           brand reputation and                              regulations and regulatory requirements
                           business. If we fail to have                      issued by the government and regulators
                           a timely understanding of                         via announcements and notices from the
                           changes in and updates                            authorities, as well as the news media and the
                           on applicable policies and                        Internet. The Group also actively participates
                           regulations, or fail to                           in forums organized by the government and
                           sufficiently assess the                           regulators to ensure that it is fully aware of the
                           impact of policies and                            latest government and regulatory requirements
                           regulations changes on                            and changes in a timely manner;
                           our business operation,
                           management would be                        •      Establish information sharing channels to keep
                           unable to adopt response                          business teams abreast of the latest regulatory
                           measures on a timely                              requirements; we also organize regular internal
                           basis, which would affect                         seminars and trainings to study and discuss
                           the Company’s regular                             applicable rules, regulations and regulatory
                           business activities and its                       requirements issued by the government and
                           business continuity.                              regulators, with a view to ensuring that relevant
                                                                             business teams accurately understand the
                                                                             policies and regulations; and

                                                                      •      The legal and business teams jointly assess the
                                                                             impact of policy and regulatory changes on our
                                                                             business, and design response measures and
                                                                             alternative business models in response to the
                                                                             changes, so as to ensure business continuity as
                                                                             well as regulatory compliance.




102     ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2024 Fiscal Year Annual Report
 RISK MANAGEMENT AND INTERNAL CONTROL

Major Risks      Description of Risks               Risk Response Measures


Information      As an Internet company,            •     Established standardized product R&D
Technology       information technology                   procedures, R&D project management
and Data         and data form the                        mechanisms, coordination, communication
Security Risks   foundation for our                       and incentive mechanisms for cross-team
                 business development and                 cooperation among R&D, business, product and
                 operation, as well as one                marketing teams to ensure timely and effective
                 of the competitive                       development of products that meet business
                 advantages to help                       needs;
                 maintain high innovation
                 levels and to become an            •     Established IT system maintenance standards
                 industry leader. Any failure             and business continuity guarantee mechanisms,
                 or postponement in our                   contingency plans for IT system interruption,
                 product research and                     and disaster recovery plans and drills to ensure
                 development (R&D),                       smooth and uninterrupted operation of our
                 disruption of transactions               systems and to improve the capability of the
                 due to malfunctioning                    system to respond quickly to risk events; and
                 information systems, or
                 leakage or loss of or              •     To comprehensively safeguard the Group from
                 unauthorized tampering of                the risks of data leakage, loss and tampering
                 our data would have a                    from three areas of staff, processes and
                 material adverse impact                  information technology, the Group (i) has
                 on us achieving our                      established management procedures for data
                 strategic objectives, our                collection and transmission, storage security,
                 brand reputation, business               encrypted protection, authorized access and
                 continuity and customer                  usage, and destruction; (ii) has deployed
                 satisfaction.                            information technology for data security
                                                          management and encrypted protection; and
                                                          (iii) organizes regular trainings to communicate
                                                          data security and confidentiality requirements to
                                                          all our employees.




                                        ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2024 Fiscal Year Annual Report   103
RISK MANAGEMENT AND INTERNAL CONTROL

      Major Risks          Description of Risks                       Risk Response Measures


      Competitive          In China, there is intense                 •      The responsible manager for each business
      Risks                competition in the Internet                       segment closely monitors the competitive
                           healthcare sector. The                            situation of his/her business segment, and
                           continuous evolution in                           reports on the relevant information and share
                           business and operational                          his/her insight and judgment at the monthly
                           models, as well as                                management meeting;
                           significant moves or
                           decisions by major                         •      We have a specialist team which conducts in-
                           competitors in the industry                       depth analysis and research on competition
                           and new entrants, may                             in the industry regularly and reports to
                           bring potential threats to                        management for reference, which enables
                           and have adverse impact                           management to make informed business
                           on the Group’s business and                       decisions and develop appropriate operational
                           competitive advantages.                           strategies and effective solutions to address the
                                                                             competitive risks; and

                                                                      •      Senior management is committed to innovative
                                                                             and diversified management in relation to our
                                                                             business plans and deployments. In the course
                                                                             of steadfastly executing the strategic decisions,
                                                                             senior management strives for the Company
                                                                             to develop and accumulate core competitive
                                                                             advantages and become an unsurpassable
                                                                             company in the industry.




104     ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2024 Fiscal Year Annual Report
      RISK MANAGEMENT AND INTERNAL CONTROL

5. OUTLOOK AND KEY ACTIONS FOR FY2025
  •    Continue to reinforce the Group’s risk management and internal control structure and drive
       its implementation, so as to continually improve the Group’s risk management capabilities to
       ensure compliance with the CG Code and alignment with best industry practices.

  •    Continue to supervise each business line and functional department to promote and optimize
       the design, implementation and operation of our risk management and internal control
       systems, and conduct independent supervision and assessment to ensure the effective
       design and implementation of internal control for major risks.

  •    Continue to focus on material changes and updates of key risks and make timely adjustments
       to the risk response measures and solutions accordingly.

  •    Further establish and improve the Group’s policy and process guidelines and system of rules,
       strengthen internal and external publicity, and create a good business environment.

  •    Ongoing risk management trainings and risk management culture education for all staff to
       enhance their awareness of risk management, reinforce the accountability mechanism, and
       ensure implementation of the Group’s risk management strategies.

  In the face of existing and emerging risks, the Group must maintain continual and strict
  supervision and control under effective risk management and internal control systems. The
  Group has a management team well-attuned to the importance of risk management, which will
  proactively identify, prevent and manage risks and continually seek to improve the Group’s risk
  management and internal control systems.


6. STATEMENT OF THE BOARD REGARDING INTERNAL CONTROL
   RESPONSIBILITY
  The Group’s internal controls aim at ensuring compliance of its operations with laws and
  regulations, the security of its assets and the validity and completeness of its financial reports
  and related information, to enhance its operational efficiency and effectiveness and facilitate the
  realization of its growth strategies. The Group has established internal control procedures to
  safeguard against the unauthorized use or disposition of its assets, to ensure the maintenance
  of proper accounting records for the provision of reliable financial information for internal use or
  for publication, and to ensure compliance with applicable laws, rules and regulations. During
  the year, the Group conducted a comprehensive self-assessment of its internal controls and
  reported the result to the Audit Committee and the Board, and no significant deficiencies were
  identified. The Board believes that, for the Reporting Period, the Group’s existing internal control
  systems were sufficient and effective to assure the interests of the Group and its shareholders.




                                       ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2024 Fiscal Year Annual Report   105
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT


                                                     Ernst & Young               ᆿ≮ᴹ䀾ᑡӁएᡶ   Tel 䴱䂧: +852 2846 9888
                                                     27/F, One Taikoo Place      俏⑥券冐⏂      Fax ۩ⵕ: +852 2868 4432
                                                     979 King’s Road             㤧ⲽ䚉㲕    ey.com
                                                     Quarry Bay, Hong Kong       འਚ඀жᓝ⁉


To the shareholders of Alibaba Health Information Technology Limited
(Incorporated in Bermuda with limited liability)

OPINION
We have audited the consolidated financial statements of Alibaba Health Information Technology
Limited (the “Company”) and its subsidiaries (the “Group”) set out on pages 113 to 227, which
comprise the consolidated statement of financial position as at March 31, 2024, and the
consolidated statement of profit or loss, the consolidated statement of comprehensive income, the
consolidated statement of changes in equity and the consolidated statement of cash flows for the
year then ended, and notes to the consolidated financial statements, including material accounting
policy information.

In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements give a true and fair view of the consolidated
financial position of the Group as at March 31, 2024, and of its consolidated financial performance
and its consolidated cash flows for the year then ended in accordance with Hong Kong Financial
Reporting Standards (“HKFRSs”) issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants
(“HKICPA”) and have been properly prepared in compliance with the disclosure requirements of the
Hong Kong Companies Ordinance.


BASIS FOR OPINION
We conducted our audit in accordance with Hong Kong Standards on Auditing (“HKSAs”) issued by
the HKICPA. Our responsibilities under those standards are further described in the Auditor’s
responsibilities for the audit of the consolidated financial statements section of our report. We are
independent of the Group in accordance with the HKICPA’s Code of Ethics for Professional
Accountants (the “Code”), and we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with
the Code. We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to
provide a basis for our opinion.


KEY AUDIT MATTERS
Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgement, were of most significance in
our audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period. These matters were
addressed in the context of our audit of the consolidated financial statements as a whole, and in
forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate opinion on these matters. For each
matter below, our description of how our audit addressed the matter is provided in that context.




106   ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2024 Fiscal Year Annual Report
                              INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT

KEY AUDIT MATTERS (CONTINUED)
We have fulfilled the responsibilities described in the Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the
consolidated financial statements section of our report, including in relation to these matters.
Accordingly, our audit included the performance of procedures designed to respond to our
assessment of the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements. The
results of our audit procedures, including the procedures performed to address the matters below,
provide the basis for our audit opinion on the accompanying consolidated financial statements.

 Key audit matter                                       How our audit addressed the key audit matter

 Impairment of investments in associates

 As at March 31, 2024, the Group held                   We performed the following procedures to
 investments in associates of approximately             address the key audit matter:
 RMB2,285.9 million, which was significant to the
 consolidated financial statements. Management          •      Evaluated the Group’s policies and
 assessed the existence of indicators of                       procedures of identifying indicators for
 impairment for investments in associates and                  potential impairment of the investments in
 accordingly, with the assistance of an                        associates;
 independent valuer, performed impairment test
 for the investments with impairment indicators         •      Evaluated the capabilities and objectivity of
 identified by comparing the carrying amounts as               the independent valuer;
 at March 31, 2024 with the corresponding
                                                        •      Assessed the reasonableness of expected
 recoverable amounts. The recoverable amount
                                                               revenue and margins by making enquiries
 was determined using the higher of fair value
                                                               with management and with reference to
 less costs of disposal and value in use of the
                                                               historical information and industry
 investment. Significant management judgements
                                                               development expectations;
 and estimates are required to determine the
 expected future cash flows and the assumptions
                                                        •      With the assistance of our internal valuation
 used including revenue growth rates, budgeted
                                                               specialists, examined the valuation
 gross margins, discount rate and perpetual
                                                               methodologies and evaluated the
 growth rate.
                                                               assumptions and estimates used, including
                                                               the discount rates and the perpetual growth
 Relevant disclosures are included in notes 2.4, 3
                                                               rates;
 and 17.

                                                        •      Checked the mathematical accuracy of
                                                               management’s valuation schedules; and

                                                        •      Evaluated the adequacy of the relevant
                                                               disclosures in the consolidated financial
                                                               statements.




                                         ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2024 Fiscal Year Annual Report   107
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT

KEY AUDIT MATTERS (CONTINUED)
Key audit matter                                                        How our audit addressed the key audit matter

Fair value measurement of financial assets at fair value through profit or loss

As at March 31, 2024, the carrying amount of the We performed the following procedures to
Group’s financial assets at fair value through address the key audit matter:
profit or loss was approximately RMB1,568.0
million, which was significant to the financial •   Evaluated the capabilities and objectivity of
statements.                                         the independent valuer;

Management estimated and measured the fair •                                  With the assistance of our internal valuation
values of unlisted equity investments, with the                               specialists, examined the valuation
assistance of an independent valuer, using a                                  methodologies and evaluated the
market-based valuation technique which                                        judgements and estimates used, including
required management to apply significant                                      comparable public companies, relevant price
judgements and estimates, such as comparable                                  multiples and discounts for lack of
public companies, relevant price multiples and                                marketability;
discounts for illiquidity.
                                                •                             Checked the mathematical accuracy of
Relevant disclosures are included in notes 2.4,                               management’s valuation schedules; and
3, 23 and 35.
                                                                        •     Evaluated the adequacy of the relevant
                                                                              disclosures in the consolidated financial
                                                                              statements.




108   ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2024 Fiscal Year Annual Report
                             INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT

KEY AUDIT MATTERS (CONTINUED)
Key audit matter                                         How our audit addressed the key audit matter

Impairment of goodwill

As at March 31, 2024, the carrying amount of the         We performed the following procedures to
Group’s goodwill was approximately RMB810.9              address the key audit matter:
million. In accordance with Hong Kong
Accounting Standard (“HKAS”) 36 Impairment of            •      Evaluated the capabilities and objectivity of
Assets , the Group is required to annually test the             the independent valuer;
amount of goodwill for impairment. This annual
impairment test involved significant                     •      Assessed the reasonableness of expected
management’s judgement and estimates, such                      revenue and margins by making enquiries
as expected revenue growth rates, budgeted                      with management and with reference to
gross margins, discount rates and perpetual                     historical information and industry
growth rates.                                                   development expectations;


Relevant disclosures are included in notes 2.4, 3 •             With the assistance of our internal valuation
and 14.                                                         specialists, examined the valuation
                                                                methodologies and evaluated the
                                                                assumptions and estimates used, including
                                                                the discount rates and the perpetual growth
                                                                rates;

                                                         •      Checked the mathematical accuracy of
                                                                management’s valuation schedules; and

                                                         •      Evaluated the adequacy of the relevant
                                                                disclosures in the consolidated financial
                                                                statements.




                                          ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2024 Fiscal Year Annual Report   109
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT

OTHER INFORMATION INCLUDED IN THE ANNUAL REPORT
The directors of the Company are responsible for the other information. The other information
comprises the information included in the Annual Report, other than the consolidated financial
statements and our auditor’s report thereon.

Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover the other information and we
do not express any form of assurance conclusion thereon.

In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial statements, our responsibility is to read the
other information and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent
with the consolidated financial statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise
appears to be materially misstated. If, based on the work we have performed on the other
information obtained prior to the date of the auditor’s report, we conclude that there is a material
misstatement of this other information, we are required to report that fact. We have nothing to
report in this regard.


RESPONSIBILITIES OF THE DIRECTORS FOR THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
The directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation of the consolidated financial
statements that give a true and fair view in accordance with HKFRSs issued by the HKICPA and the
disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance, and for such internal control as the
directors determine is necessary to enable the preparation of consolidated financial statements that
are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.

In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the directors of the Company are responsible for
assessing the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters
related to going concern and using the going concern basis of accounting unless the directors of the
Company either intend to liquidate the Group or to cease operations or have no realistic alternative
but to do so.

The directors of the Company are assisted by the Audit Committee in discharging their
responsibilities for overseeing the Group’s financial reporting process.




110   ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2024 Fiscal Year Annual Report
                             INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT

AUDITOR’S RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial
statements as a whole are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to
issue an auditor’s report that includes our opinion. Our report is made solely to you, as a body, in
accordance with section 90 of the Bermuda Companies Act 1981, and for no other purpose. We do
not assume responsibility towards or accept liability to any other person for the contents of this
report.

Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted
in accordance with HKSAs will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements
can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they
could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of
these consolidated financial statements.

As part of an audit in accordance with HKSAs, we exercise professional judgement and maintain
professional scepticism throughout the audit. We also:

•   Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements,
    whether due to fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks,
    and obtain audit evidence that is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.
    The risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one
    resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions,
    misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.

•   Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit
    procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an
    opinion on the effectiveness of the Group’s internal control.

•   Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting
    estimates and related disclosures made by the directors.

•   Conclude on the appropriateness of the directors’ use of the going concern basis of accounting
    and, based on the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to
    events or conditions that may cast significant doubt on the Group’s ability to continue as a
    going concern. If we conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are required to draw
    attention in our auditor’s report to the related disclosures in the consolidated financial
    statements or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are
    based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our auditor’s report. However, future
    events or conditions may cause the Group to cease to continue as a going concern.




                                        ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2024 Fiscal Year Annual Report   111
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT

AUDITOR’S RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
•     Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the consolidated financial statements,
      including the disclosures, and whether the consolidated financial statements represent the
      underlying transactions and events in a manner that achieves fair presentation.

•     Obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of the entities or
      business activities within the Group to express an opinion on the consolidated financial
      statements. We are responsible for the direction, supervision and performance of the group
      audit. We remain solely responsible for our audit opinion.

We communicate with the Audit Committee regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and
timing of the audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal
control that we identify during our audit.

We also provide the Audit Committee with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical
requirements regarding independence and to communicate with them all relationships and other
matters that may reasonably be thought to bear on our independence, and where applicable,
actions taken to eliminate threats or safeguards applied.

From the matters communicated with the Audit Committee, we determine those matters that were of
most significance in the audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period and are
therefore the key audit matters. We describe these matters in our auditor’s report unless law or
regulation precludes public disclosure about the matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances, we
determine that a matter should not be communicated in our report because the adverse
consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest benefits of
such communication.

The engagement partner on the audit resulting in this independent auditor’s report is Ng Siu Ki
Ricky.




Ernst & Young
Certified Public Accountants
Hong Kong
May 27, 2024




112     ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2024 Fiscal Year Annual Report
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR LOSS
                                                                                          Year ended March 31, 2024

                                                                                    2024                      2023
                                                          Notes                  RMB’000                   RMB’000
                                                                                                         (Restated)


REVENUE                                                       5              27,026,555                 26,763,016

Cost of sales                                                               (21,131,234)               (21,061,682)


Gross profit                                                                   5,895,321                  5,701,334

Other income and gains                                        5                   674,755                    618,069

Operating expenses
 Fulfilment                                                                   (2,413,212)                (2,907,137)
 Selling and marketing expenses                                               (1,776,564)                (1,768,675)
 Administrative expenses                                                        (359,980)                  (379,487)
 Product development expenses                                                   (705,382)                  (677,822)

Other expenses and losses                                                        (363,644)                   (40,836)
Finance costs                                              13(b)                   (5,969)                    (5,833)
Share of profits/(losses) of:
  Joint ventures                                                                     1,039                    48,981
  Associates                                                                        (6,965)                  (37,600)


PROFIT BEFORE TAX                                             6                   939,399                    550,994

Income tax expense                                            9                    (56,263)                  (14,485)


PROFIT FOR THE YEAR                                                               883,136                    536,509


Attributable to:
  Owners of the parent                                                            883,477                    535,653
  Non-controlling interests                                                          (341)                       856


                                                                                  883,136                    536,509


EARNINGS PER SHARE ATTRIBUTABLE TO
  ORDINARY EQUITY HOLDERS OF THE PARENT                      10
  Basic                                                                 RMB6.29 cents              RMB3.97 cents


  Diluted                                                               RMB6.27 cents              RMB3.96 cents




                                  ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2024 Fiscal Year Annual Report   113
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
Year ended March 31, 2024

                                                                                                  2024           2023
                                                                                        Note   RMB’000        RMB’000
                                                                                                            (Restated)


PROFIT FOR THE YEAR                                                                             883,136       536,509


OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME/(LOSS)
Other comprehensive loss that may be reclassified to
  profit or loss in subsequent periods:
  Exchange differences on translation of the Group’s
    subsidiaries                                                                               (201,875)     (296,049)


Other comprehensive income/(loss) that will not be
  reclassified to profit or loss in subsequent periods:
  Exchange differences on translation of the Company                                            477,059       639,609
  Equity investment designated at fair value through
    other comprehensive income:
    Changes in fair value                                                                        (27,888)     (30,090)
    Income tax effect                                                                   27             —        2,174


                                                                                                 (27,888)     (27,916)

  Share of other comprehensive loss of associates                                                   (406)           —
  Income tax effect                                                                                  101            —


                                                                                                    (305)           —

Total other comprehensive income that will not be
  reclassified to profit or loss in subsequent periods,
  net of tax                                                                                    448,866       611,693


TOTAL OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME FOR THE YEAR,
  NET OF TAX                                                                                    246,991       315,644


TOTAL COMPREHENSIVE INCOME FOR THE YEAR                                                        1,130,127      852,153


Attributable to:
  Owners of the parent                                                                         1,130,468      851,297
  Non-controlling interests                                                                         (341)         856


                                                                                               1,130,127      852,153




114    ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2024 Fiscal Year Annual Report
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION
                                                                                                              March 31, 2024

                                                                 March 31,              March 31,                 April 1,
                                                                     2024                    2023                   2022
                                                 Notes            RMB’000                 RMB’000                RMB’000
                                                                                        (Restated)             (Restated)


NON-CURRENT ASSETS
Property and equipment                            12                35,576                  14,235                 20,176
Right-of-use assets                              13(a)              68,091                  54,313                144,930
Goodwill                                          14               810,853                 810,853                810,853
Other intangible assets                           15               292,069                 309,010                326,215
Investments in joint ventures                     16               250,480                 249,441                160,660
Investments in associates                         17             2,285,936               2,336,704              2,340,814
Equity investment designated at fair value
  through other comprehensive income               22               101,659                 122,062               140,900
Financial assets at fair value through
  profit or loss                                   23            1,567,998               1,883,292              1,661,490
Other receivables and other assets                 20               31,568                  20,024                 13,030
Deferred tax assets                                27               54,870                  34,096                 17,418
Long-term time deposits                            21              694,000                       —                      —


Total non-current assets                                         6,193,100               5,834,030              5,636,486


CURRENT ASSETS
Inventories                                        18            1,399,738               2,102,312              1,550,150
Trade and bills receivables                        19              785,136                 578,787                515,985
Prepayments, other receivables and
  other assets                                     20            1,490,534              1,139,940                864,875
Prepaid tax                                                          5,313                 25,318                 23,525
Restricted cash                                    21              278,406                150,262                 63,125
Cash and cash equivalents                          21            9,553,110             10,917,171             10,547,851


Total current assets                                           13,512,237              14,913,790             13,565,511


CURRENT LIABILITIES
Trade and bills payables                          24             3,350,566               3,714,047              3,528,597
Other payables and accruals                       25               997,143               1,127,492                941,376
Contract liabilities                              26               554,683                 495,066                260,678
Lease liabilities                                13(b)              34,194                  37,437                 50,656
Tax payable                                                         88,872                  63,402                 40,826


Total current liabilities                                        5,025,458               5,437,444              4,822,133




                                        ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2024 Fiscal Year Annual Report   115
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION
March 31, 2024

                                                                                  March 31,       March 31,        April 1,
                                                                                      2024             2023          2022
                                                                  Notes            RMB’000          RMB’000       RMB’000
                                                                                                  (Restated)    (Restated)


NET CURRENT ASSETS                                                                 8,486,779       9,476,346     8,743,378


TOTAL ASSETS LESS CURRENT LIABILITIES                                            14,679,879       15,310,376    14,379,864


NON-CURRENT LIABILITIES
Lease liabilities                                                  13(b)                 47,976      40,361        84,758
Deferred tax liabilities                                            27                  114,299     122,816       118,891
Other payables                                                                                —           —       106,363


Total non-current liabilities                                                           162,275     163,177       310,012


Net assets                                                                       14,517,604       15,147,199    14,069,852


EQUITY
Equity attributable to owners of the parent
  Share capital                                                      28             142,780          119,133       119,102
  Treasury shares                                                    28            (101,946)         (70,482)      (23,516)
  Reserves                                                           30          14,503,378       15,124,922    14,000,453


                                                                                 14,544,212       15,173,573    14,096,039
Non-controlling interests                                                           (26,608)         (26,374)      (26,187)


Total equity                                                                     14,517,604       15,147,199    14,069,852




Shen Difan                                                             Tu Yanwu
Director                                                               Director




116    ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2024 Fiscal Year Annual Report
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY
                                                                                                                                                                        Year ended March 31, 2024

                                                                                                Attributable to owners of parent

                                                                                                                                       Fair value
                                                                                                                                       reserve of
                                                                                                                                        financial
                                                                                                                                    assets at fair
                                                                                                                   Employee        value through
                                                            Share                                  Exchange      share-based                other                                                Non-
                                               Share     premium     Treasury        Merger       fluctuation compensation comprehensive                Other Accumulated                   controlling        Total
                                              capital    account^      shares       reserve^        reserve^         reserve^            income^     reserves^     losses^         Total      interests       equity
                                    Notes    RMB’000     RMB’000     RMB’000       RMB’000          RMB’000         RMB’000             RMB’000      RMB’000      RMB’000      RMB’000        RMB’000      RMB’000


At March 31, 2023                            119,133    43,734,076    (70,482)   (28,189,579)       (380,919)        477,237                  613     325,319     (841,691)   15,173,707       (26,374)   15,147,333
Effect of adoption of
     amendments to HKAS 12          2.2(c)         —            —          —              —                —               —                    —           —         (134)         (134)            —          (134)


At April 1, 2023 (restated)                  119,133    43,734,076    (70,482)   (28,189,579)       (380,919)        477,237                  613     325,319     (841,825)   15,173,573       (26,374)   15,147,199
Profit for the year                                —            —          —              —                —               —                    —           —     883,477       883,477           (341)     883,136
Other comprehensive income
     for the year:
     Changes in fair value of
          the equity investment
          at fair value through
          other comprehensive
          income, net of tax                       —            —          —              —                —               —              (27,888)          —           —        (27,888)            —       (27,888)
     Share of other
          comprehensive loss
          of an associate,
          net of tax                               —            —          —              —                —               —                    —        (305)          —           (305)            —          (305)
     Exchange differences on
          translation of the
          Company and its
          subsidiaries                             —            —          —              —          275,184               —                    —           —           —       275,184              —      275,184


Total comprehensive income/
     (loss) for the year                           —            —          —              —          275,184               —              (27,888)       (305)    883,477      1,130,468          (341)    1,130,127
Issue of new shares for
     restricted share units          28          106            —        (106)            —                —               —                    —           —           —             —              —            —
Repurchase of shares                 28            —            —    (104,568)            —                —               —                    —           —           —       (104,568)            —      (104,568)
Vested awarded shares
     transferred to employees        28            —      130,440     73,210              —                —        (186,624)                   —     (47,461)          —        (30,435)            —       (30,435)
Exercise of share options            28            2         1,256         —              —                —             (380)                  —           —           —           878              —          878
Share-based compensation
     expenses                                      —            —          —              —                —         218,121                    —           —           —       218,121              —      218,121
Business combination under
     common control                 28, 31    23,539     7,508,952         —      (9,371,262)              —               —                    —           —           —     (1,838,771)            —    (1,838,771)
Deemed interest in an
     interest-free loan to a
     non-wholly-owned
     subsidiary                                    —            —          —              —                —               —                    —        (107)          —           (107)          107            —
Appropriation of statutory
     reserves                                      —            —          —              —                —               —                    —      53,623      (53,623)           —              —            —
Partial disposal of an associate,
     net of tax                                    —            —          —              —                —               —                    —       (1,934)         —         (1,934)            —        (1,934)
Share of capital reserve of an
     associate, net of tax                         —            —          —              —                —               —                    —       (3,013)         —         (3,013)            —        (3,013)


At March 31, 2024                            142,780    51,374,724   (101,946)   (37,560,841)       (105,735)        508,354              (27,275)    326,122      (11,971)   14,544,212       (26,608)   14,517,604




                                                                                     ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2024 Fiscal Year Annual Report                                           117
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY
Year ended March 31, 2024

                                                                                                Attributable to owners of parent

                                                                                                                                      Fair value
                                                                                                                                      reserve of
                                                                                                                                        financial
                                                                                                                                   assets at fair
                                                                                                                     Employee      value through
                                                            Share                                  Exchange       share-based              other                                                   Non-
                                               Share     premium     Treasury        Merger       fluctuation   compensation comprehensive             Other    Accumulated                   controlling        Total
                                              capital    account^     shares        reserve^        reserve^          reserve^          income^     reserves^        losses^         Total      interests       equity
                                    Notes    RMB’000     RMB’000     RMB’000       RMB’000          RMB’000           RMB’000           RMB’000     RMB’000        RMB’000       RMB’000        RMB’000      RMB’000


At March 31, 2022                            119,102    43,499,897    (23,516)   (28,189,579)       (724,479)         460,077             28,529     237,401      (1,309,013)   14,098,419       (26,187)   14,072,232
Effect of adoption of
     amendments to HKAS 12          2.2(c)         —            —          —              —                —                 —                 —           —          (2,380)       (2,380)            —        (2,380)


At April 1, 2022 (restated)                  119,102    43,499,897    (23,516)   (28,189,579)       (724,479)         460,077             28,529     237,401      (1,311,393)   14,096,039       (26,187)   14,069,852
Profit for the year (restated)                     —            —          —              —                —                 —                 —           —        535,653       535,653            856      536,509
Other comprehensive income
     for the year:
     Changes in fair value of the
          equity investment at
          fair value through
          other comprehensive
          income, net of tax                       —            —          —              —                —                 —           (27,916)          —              —        (27,916)            —       (27,916)
     Exchange differences on
          translation of the
          Company and its
          subsidiaries                             —            —          —              —          343,560                 —                 —           —              —       343,560              —      343,560


Total comprehensive income/
     (loss) for the year
     (restated)                                    —            —          —              —          343,560                 —           (27,916)          —        535,653       851,297            856      852,153
Repurchase of shares                 28            —            —     (81,582)            —                —                 —                 —           —              —        (81,582)            —       (81,582)
Vested awarded shares
     transferred to employees        28            —      214,834     34,616              —                —          (231,223)                —       9,712              —        27,939              —       27,939
Exercise of share options            28           31       19,345          —              —                —            (6,486)                —           —              —        12,890              —       12,890
Share-based compensation
     expenses                                      —            —          —              —                —          254,869                  —           —              —       254,869              —      254,869
Deemed interest in an
     interest-free loan to a
     non-wholly-owned
     subsidiary                                    —            —          —              —                —                 —                 —        (148)             —           (148)          148            —
Deregistration of a subsidiary                     —            —          —              —                —                 —                 —           —              —             —         (1,191)       (1,191)
Appropriation of statutory
     reserves                                      —            —          —              —                —                 —                 —      66,085         (66,085)           —              —            —
Partial disposal of an associate,
     net of tax                                    —            —          —              —                —                 —                 —        (887)             —           (887)            —          (887)
Share of capital reserve of
     associates, net of tax                        —            —          —              —                —                 —                 —      13,156              —        13,156              —       13,156


At March 31, 2023 (restated)                 119,133    43,734,076    (70,482)   (28,189,579)       (380,919)         477,237                613     325,319       (841,825)    15,173,573       (26,374)   15,147,199



^	These reserve accounts comprise the consolidated reserves of RMB14,503,378,000 (2023: RMB15,124,922,000 (restated))
   in the consolidated statement of financial position.




118               ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2024 Fiscal Year Annual Report
        CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS
                                                                                                Year ended March 31, 2024

                                                                                           2024                     2023
                                                                   Notes                RMB’000                  RMB’000

CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES
Profit before tax                                                                        939,399                  550,994
Adjustments for:
  Finance costs                                                     13(b)                  5,969                    5,833
  Share of profits of joint ventures                                                      (1,039)                 (48,981)
  Share of losses of associates                                                            6,965                   37,600
  Bank interest income                                                5                 (477,266)                (330,442)
  Other interest income                                               5                     (764)                  (1,146)
  Investment income                                                   5                   (6,028)                       —
  Gain on disposal of a joint venture                                 5                      (10)                       —
  Gain on deemed disposal of associates                               5                  (18,066)                 (41,474)
  Gain on partial disposal of an associate                            5                  (48,337)                 (22,847)
  Loss on deregistration of subsidiaries                              6                        —                    1,308
  Fair value losses/(gains) on financial assets at fair
    value through profit or loss                                                         349,854                   (47,917)
  Gain on disposal of property and equipment                          5                     (526)                      (65)
  Loss on revision of lease terms arising from changes
    in the non-cancellable periods of leases                          6                         732                   3,167
  Gain on recognition of net investments in subleases                 5                           —                  (2,649)
  Dividend income from financial assets at fair value
    through profit or loss                                            5                   (24,500)                       —
  Fair value loss on contingent consideration included
    in other payables and accruals                                    6                    8,457                   19,811
  Depreciation of property and equipment                              6                    6,929                    9,514
  Depreciation of right-of-use assets                                 6                   29,796                   36,692
  Amortization of intangible assets                                   6                   16,957                   17,513
  Covid-19-related rent concessions from lessors                    13(b)                      —                     (299)
  Impairment of trade receivables                                     6                    5,143                    1,824
  Impairment of other receivables                                     6                        —                   11,518
  Reversal of impairment of a loan to a joint venture                 6                   (2,500)                       —
  Impairment of inventories                                           6                   88,478                  159,591
  Share-based compensation expenses                                   6                  266,059                  308,890

                                                                                       1,145,702                  668,435
Increase in trade and bills receivables                                                 (211,492)                 (64,626)
Increase in prepayments, other receivables and
  other assets                                                                          (180,158)                (214,854)
Decrease/(increase) in inventories                                                       614,096                 (711,694)
Increase/(decrease) in trade and bills payables                                         (363,481)                 186,711
Increase/(decrease) in other payables and accruals                                      (127,953)                  89,082
Increase in contract liabilities                                                          59,617                  234,388
Increase in restricted cash                                                             (128,144)                 (87,137)
Effect of foreign exchange rate changes, net                                              85,981                  (69,837)

Cash generated from operations                                                           894,168                    30,468


                                        ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2024 Fiscal Year Annual Report   119
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS
Year ended March 31, 2024

                                                                                                    2024         2023
                                                                                        Notes    RMB’000      RMB’000

Interest received                                                                                 232,246     274,168
Interest paid                                                                                      (5,969)     (5,833)
Mainland of the People’s Republic of China
  (“Chinese Mainland”) income tax paid                                                            (43,874)     (42,616)
Hong Kong profits tax refunded/(paid)                                                               3,261         (497)

Net cash flows generated from operating activities                                              1,079,832     255,690

CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES
Purchase of property and equipment                                                                (22,774)      (5,612)
Purchase of other intangible assets                                                      15            (6)        (308)
Purchase of financial assets at fair value through
  profit or loss                                                                                 (403,660)    (142,420)
Proceeds from maturity of financial assets at fair value
  through profit or loss                                                                          412,199           —
Proceeds from disposal of property and equipment                                                      748         413
Payment of cash consideration of prior year’s acquisition
  of subsidiaries                                                                                (131,027)     (77,326)
Interest received                                                                                  84,974       44,590
Investment in a joint venture                                                                           —      (39,800)
Repayment of a loan to a joint venture                                                              2,500            —
Dividend received from financial assets at fair value
  through profit or loss                                                                           24,500           —
Dividend received from an investment in an associate                                                3,919       2,487
Receipt of finance lease payments                                                                  13,391      15,803
Proceeds from partial disposal of an associate                                                     99,244      46,503
Proceeds from disposal of a joint venture                                                              10           —
Increase in long-term time deposits                                                              (694,000)          —
Increase in non-pledged time deposits with original
  maturity of over three months when acquired                                                   (4,270,918)   (376,766)

Net cash flows used in investing activities                                                     (4,880,900)   (532,436)

CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES
Acquisition of subsidiaries under common control                                         31     (1,838,771)          —
Proceeds from exercise of share options                                                  28            878      12,890
Repurchase of shares                                                                     28       (104,568)    (81,582)
Principal portion of lease payments                                                                (39,934)    (42,586)

Net cash flows used in financing activities                                                     (1,982,395)   (111,278)




120    ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2024 Fiscal Year Annual Report
        CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS
                                                                                                Year ended March 31, 2024

                                                                                           2024                     2023
                                                                                        RMB’000                  RMB’000

NET DECREASE IN CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS                                            (5,783,463)                 (388,024)
Effect of foreign exchange rate changes                                                  36,782                   283,447
Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year                                        9,236,850                 9,341,427

CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AT END OF YEAR                                               3,490,169                9,236,850


Cash and cash equivalents as stated in the consolidated
  statement of financial position                                                      9,553,110              10,917,171
Time deposits with original maturity of over three months
  when acquired                                                                      (6,062,941)               (1,680,321)

Cash and cash equivalents as stated in the consolidated
  statement of cash flows                                                              3,490,169                9,236,850




                                        ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2024 Fiscal Year Annual Report   121
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
March 31, 2024

1. CORPORATE AND GROUP INFORMATION
      Alibaba Health Information Technology Limited (the “Company”) is incorporated in Bermuda as
      an exempted company with limited liability. The address of its registered office is Victoria Place,
      5th Floor, 31 Victoria Street, Hamilton HM 10, Bermuda. The principal place of business of the
      Company is located at 65th Floor, CITIC Tower, Beijing, the People’s Republic of China (the
      “PRC”).

      The Company is an investment holding company. The Company and its subsidiaries (hereinafter
      collectively referred to as the “Group”) are primarily engaged in the pharmaceutical direct sales
      business, pharmaceutical e-commerce platform business and healthcare and digital services
      business.

      In the opinion of the directors, the Company’s ultimate holding company of the Company is
      Alibaba Group Holding Limited (“Alibaba Holding”, together with its subsidiaries, “Alibaba
      Group”). There is no company holding a direct majority interest in the Company.

      Information about subsidiaries

      Particulars of the Company’s principal subsidiaries at the end of the reporting period are as
      follows:

                                                     Place of incorporation/                              Percentage of
                                                     registration and                Issued ordinary/   equity attributable
      Name                                           operations              registered share capital    to the Company        Principal activities
                                                                                                         2024           2023


      Alibaba Health (Hong Kong)                     Hong Kong                   HK$4,865,000,331.95       100           100   Investment holding and
        Technology Company Limited                                                                                                pharmaceutical direct sales
        (“Alibaba Health (Hong Kong)”)                                                                                            services
      阿里健康大藥房連鎖（杭州）有限公司                              PRC/Chinese Mainland             RMB10,000,000        100           100   Pharmacy business
        Alibaba Health Pharmacy Chain (Hangzhou)
        Co., Ltd.abc
      廣州空港阿里健康大藥房有限公司                                PRC/Chinese Mainland             RMB50,000,000        100           100   Pharmacy business
        Guangzhou Airport Alibaba Health
        Pharmacy Co., Ltd.ac
      阿里健康科技（中國）有限公司                                 PRC/Chinese Mainland            RMB800,000,000        100           100   Investment holding and digital
        Alibaba Health Technology (China)                                                                                         infrastructure service
        Limitedabc (“Alibaba Health (China)”)
      阿里健康大藥房醫藥連鎖有限公司                                PRC/Chinese Mainland        RMB1,791,666,666.67       100           100   Pharmacy business
        Alibaba Health Pharmaceutical Chain
        Co., Ltd.ac
      阿里健康（浙江）醫藥有限公司                                 PRC/Chinese Mainland             RMB20,000,000        100           100   Pharmaceutical product trading
        Alibaba Health Zhejiang Pharmaceutical                                                                                    and healthcare service
        Co., Ltd.abc                                                                                                              business
      阿里健康科技（杭州）有限公司                                 PRC/Chinese Mainland           RMB1,400,000,000       100           100   Provision of e-commerce
        Alibaba Health Technology (Hangzhou)                                                                                      platform services
        Limitedabc
      久寶星科技（海南）有限公司                                  PRC/Chinese Mainland            RMB100,000,000        100           100   Provision of e-commerce
        Jiubaoxing Technology (Hainan) Co., Ltd.ac                                                                                platform services




122      ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2024 Fiscal Year Annual Report
                                        NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                                                     March 31, 2024

1. CORPORATE AND GROUP INFORMATION (CONTINUED)
  Information about subsidiaries (Continued)

                                                Place of incorporation/                              Percentage of
                                                registration and                Issued ordinary/   equity attributable
  Name                                          operations              registered share capital    to the Company        Principal activities
                                                                                                     2024          2023


  弘雲久康數據技術（北京）有限公司                              PRC/Chinese Mainland             RMB40,000,000        100           100   Investment holding
    Hongyun Jiukang Data Technology (Beijing)
    Co., Ltd.acd (“Hongyun Jiukang”)
  廣州得賦阿里健康大藥房有限公司                               PRC/Chinese Mainland             RMB50,000,000        100           100   Pharmacy business
    Guangzhou Defu Alibaba Health Pharmacy
    Co., Ltd.abc
  阿里健康科技（海南）有限公司                                PRC/Chinese Mainland             RMB10,000,000        100           100   Provision of e-commerce
    Ali Health Technology (Hainan) Co., Ltdac                                                                                platform services
  杭州得賦健康管理有限公司                                  PRC/Chinese Mainland               RMB1,200,000       100           100   Provision of e-commerce
    Hangzhou Defu Health Management                                                                                          platform services
    Co., Ltd.abc
  Ali JK ZNS (HK) Limited                       Hong Kong                           USD200,000        100           100   Provision of e-commerce
                                                                                                                              platform services
  青海小鹿中醫互聯網醫院有限公司                              PRC/Chinese Mainland              RMB75,000,000        100           100   Internet hospital services
   Qinghai Xiaolu Traditional Chinese Medicine
   Internet Hospital Co., Ltd.ac
  杭州精準健康信息科技有限公司                               PRC/Chinese Mainland              RMB10,000,000        100           100   Provision of marketing
   Hangzhou Jingzhun Health Information                                                                                      materials review services
   Technology Co., Ltd.ac                                                                                                    and value-added services

  a      For identification purposes only


  b      Registered as wholly-foreign-owned enterprises under PRC law


  c      Registered as limited liability companies under PRC law


  d      The Company does not have legal ownership in the equity of Hongyun Jiukang. However, under certain contractual
         agreements (including a power of attorney agreement, loan agreement, equity option agreement, equity interest
         pledge agreement and an exclusive technical consulting and service agreement) entered into with the registered
         owners of the entity, the Company, through its indirectly wholly-owned subsidiary, controls the entity by way of
         controlling the voting rights, governing the financial and operating policies, appointing or removing the majority of
         the members of its controlling authorities, and casting the majority of votes at meetings of such authorities. In
         addition, such contractual agreements also transfer the risks and rewards of the entity to the Company and/or its
         indirect wholly-owned subsidiary. As a result, the entity is treated as a subsidiary of the Company and its financial
         statements have been consolidated by the Company.


  The subsidiaries listed in the above table are indirectly owned by the Company and they, in the
  opinion of the directors, principally affected the results for the year or formed a substantial
  portion of the net assets of the Group. To give details of other subsidiaries would, in the opinion
  of the directors, result in particulars of excessive length.




                                                            ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2024 Fiscal Year Annual Report             123
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
March 31, 2024

2.1 BASIS OF PREPARATION
      These consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with Hong Kong
      Financial Reporting Standards (“HKFRSs”) (which include all Hong Kong Financial Reporting
      Standards, Hong Kong Accounting Standards (“HKASs”) and Interpretations) issued by the Hong
      Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants (“HKICPA”) and the disclosure requirements of the
      Hong Kong Companies Ordinance. They have been prepared under the historical cost
      convention, except for financial instruments at fair value through profit or loss (“FVPL”), bills
      receivable, an equity investment designated at fair value through other comprehensive income
      (“FVOCI”) and contingent consideration included in other payables and accruals, which have
      been measured at fair value. These financial statements are presented in RMB and all values are
      rounded to the nearest thousand except when otherwise indicated.

      Merger accounting for business combinations under common control

      As disclosed in note 31 to the consolidated financial statements, a business combination under
      common control was effected during the current year, where the business acquired in the
      business combination and the Company are both ultimately controlled by Alibaba Holding. The
      business combination was accounted for using the principles of merger accounting.

      The net assets of the combining entities are consolidated using the existing book values from
      the controlling party’s perspective. No adjustments are made to reflect fair values, or recognize
      any new assets or liabilities as a result of the business combination under common control and
      no amount is recognized in respect of goodwill. The Company elects not to restate the financial
      statements for periods prior to the completion of combination under common control.
      Accordingly, the consolidated statement of profit or loss, the consolidated statement of other
      comprehensive income, the consolidated statement of changes in equity and the consolidated
      statement of cash flows of the Group include the results and cash flows of the acquired
      business from the date when the Group obtains control of the acquired business.

      Basis of consolidation

      The consolidated financial statements include the financial statements of the Company and its
      subsidiaries for the year ended March 31, 2024. A subsidiary is an entity (including a structured
      entity), directly or indirectly, controlled by the Company. Control is achieved when the Group is
      exposed, or has rights, to variable returns from its involvement with the investee and has the
      ability to affect those returns through its power over the investee (i.e., existing rights that give
      the Group the current ability to direct the relevant activities of the investee).

      The Company has two trusts (the “Trusts”) for the purpose of purchasing, administering and
      holding the Company’s shares for the share award scheme adopted on November 24, 2014. The
      Group has the power to govern the financial and operating policies of the Trusts and derive
      benefits from the services of the employees who have been awarded the awarded shares
      through their continued employment with the Group. The assets and liabilities of the Trusts are
      included in the consolidated statement of financial position and the Company’s shares held by
      the Trusts are presented as a deduction in equity as the Company’s shares held for the share
      award scheme.

124     ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2024 Fiscal Year Annual Report
                           NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                             March 31, 2024

2.1 BASIS OF PREPARATION (CONTINUED)
  Basis of consolidation (Continued)

  Generally, there is a presumption that a majority of voting rights results in control. When the
  Company has less than a majority of the voting or similar rights of an investee, the Group
  considers all relevant facts and circumstances in assessing whether it has power over an
  investee, including:

  (a) the contractual arrangement with the other vote holders of the investee;

  (b) rights arising from other contractual arrangements; and

  (c) the Group’s voting rights and potential voting rights.

  The financial statements of the subsidiaries are prepared for the same reporting period as the
  Company, using consistent accounting policies. The results of subsidiaries are consolidated from
  the date on which the Group obtains control, and continue to be consolidated until the date that
  such control ceases.

  Profit or loss and each component of other comprehensive income are attributed to the owners
  of the parent and to the non-controlling interests, even if this results in the non-controlling
  interests having a deficit balance. All intra-group assets and liabilities, equity, income, expenses
  and cash flows relating to transactions between members of the Group are eliminated in full on
  consolidation.

  The Group reassesses whether or not it controls an investee if facts and circumstances indicate
  that there are changes to one or more of the three elements of control described above. A
  change in the ownership interest of a subsidiary, without a loss of control, is accounted for as
  an equity transaction.

  If the Group loses control over a subsidiary, it derecognizes the related assets (including
  goodwill), liabilities, any non-controlling interest and the exchange fluctuation reserve; and
  recognizes the fair value of any investment retained and any resulting surplus or deficit in profit
  or loss. The Group’s share of components previously recognized in other comprehensive income
  is reclassified to profit or loss or retained profits, as appropriate, on the same basis as would be
  required if the Group had directly disposed of the related assets or liabilities.




                                       ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2024 Fiscal Year Annual Report   125
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
March 31, 2024

2.2 CHANGES IN ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND DISCLOSURES
      The Group has adopted the following new and revised HKFRSs for the first time for the current
      year’s financial statements.

      HKFRS 17                                               Insurance Contracts
      Amendments to HKAS 1 and                               Disclosure of Accounting Policies
        HKFRS Practice Statement 2
      Amendments to HKAS 8                                   Definition of Accounting Estimates
      Amendments to HKAS 12                                  Deferred Tax related to Assets and Liabilities arising from
                                                               a Single Transaction
      Amendments to HKAS 12                                  International Tax Reform — Pillar Two Model Rules

      The nature and the impact of the new and revised HKFRSs that are applicable to the Group are
      described below:

      (a) Amendments to HKAS 1 require entities to disclose their material accounting policy
          information rather than their significant accounting policies. Accounting policy information is
          material if, when considered together with other information included in an entity’s financial
          statements, it can reasonably be expected to influence decisions that the primary users of
          general purpose financial statements make on the basis of those financial statements.
          Amendments to HKFRS Practice Statement 2 Making Materiality Judgements provide
          non-mandatory guidance on how to apply the concept of materiality to accounting policy
          disclosures. The Group has disclosed the material accounting policy information in note 2 to
          the financial statements. The amendments did not have any impact on the measurement,
          recognition or presentation of any items in the Group’s financial statements.

      (b) Amendments to HKAS 8 clarify the distinction between changes in accounting estimates and
          changes in accounting policies. Accounting estimates are defined as monetary amounts in
          financial statements that are subject to measurement uncertainty. The amendments also
          clarify how entities use measurement techniques and inputs to develop accounting
          estimates. Since the Group’s approach and policy align with the amendments, the
          amendments had no impact on the Group’s financial statements.

      (c) Amendments to HKAS 12 Deferred Tax related to Assets and Liabilities arising from a Single
          Transaction narrow the scope of the initial recognition exception in HKAS 12 so that it no
          longer applies to transactions that give rise to equal taxable and deductible temporary
          differences, such as leases and decommissioning obligations. Therefore, entities are
          required to recognize a deferred tax asset (provided that sufficient taxable profit is
          available) and a deferred tax liability for temporary differences arising from these
          transactions.




126     ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2024 Fiscal Year Annual Report
                            NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                            March 31, 2024

2.2 CHANGES IN ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND DISCLOSURES
    (CONTINUED)
  The nature and the impact of the new and revised HKFRSs that are applicable to the Group are
  described below: (Continued)

  (c) (Continued)

      Prior to the initial application of these amendments, the Group applied the initial
      recognition exception and did not recognize a deferred tax asset and a deferred tax liability
      for temporary differences for transactions related to leases. The Group has applied the
      amendments on temporary differences related to leases as at April 1, 2023. Upon initial
      application of these amendments, the Group recognized (i) a deferred tax asset for all
      deductible temporary differences associated with lease liabilities (provided that sufficient
      taxable profit is available), and (ii) a deferred tax liability for all taxable temporary
      differences associated with right-of-use assets as at April 1, 2022, with cumulative effect
      recognized as an adjustment to the balances of accumulated losses and non-controlling
      interests at that date. The quantitative impact on the financial information is summarised
      below.

                                                                       Increase/(decrease)
                                                                   As at          As at                           As at
                                                               March 31,     March 31,                          April 1,
                                                                   2024           2023                            2022
                                                                RMB’000       RMB’000                          RMB’000

      Assets
      Deferred tax assets                                             1,072                     265                      28

      Total non-current assets                                        1,072                     265                      28

      Total assets                                                    1,072                     265                      28

      Liabilities
      Deferred tax liabilities                                           210                    399                    2,408

      Total non-current liabilities                                      210                    399                    2,408

      Total liabilities                                                  210                    399                    2,408

      Net assets                                                         862                   (134)               (2,380)

      Equity
      Accumulated losses (included in reserves)                       (862)                     134                    2,380

      Equity attributable to owners of the parent                        862                   (134)               (2,380)

      Total equity                                                       862                   (134)               (2,380)


                                      ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2024 Fiscal Year Annual Report      127
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
March 31, 2024

2.2 CHANGES IN ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND DISCLOSURES
    (CONTINUED)
      The nature and the impact of the new and revised HKFRSs that are applicable to the Group are
      described below: (Continued)

      (c) (Continued)

          The deferred tax assets and the deferred tax liabilities arising from lease contracts of the
          same subsidiary have been offset in the statement of financial position for presentation
          purposes.

          Impact on the consolidated statement of profit or loss:

                                                                                              Increase/(decrease)
                                                                                         For the year ended March 31,
                                                                                                2024             2023
                                                                                             RMB’000          RMB’000

          Income tax expenses                                                                    (996)          (2,246)
          Profit for the year                                                                     996            2,246


          Attributable to:
            Owners of the parent                                                                  996            2,246
            Non-controlling interests                                                               —                —


                                                                                                  996            2,246


          Total comprehensive income for the year                                                 996            2,246


          Attributable to:
            Owners of the parent                                                                  996            2,246
            Non-controlling interests                                                               —                —


                                                                                                  996            2,246




128     ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2024 Fiscal Year Annual Report
                          NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                            March 31, 2024

2.2 CHANGES IN ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND DISCLOSURES
    (CONTINUED)
  The nature and the impact of the new and revised HKFRSs that are applicable to the Group are
  described below: (Continued)

  (c) (Continued)

                                                                                 Increase/(decrease)
                                                                            For the year ended March 31,
                                                                                         2024                          2023


      EARNINGS PER SHARE ATTRIBUTABLE TO ORDINARY
        EQUITY HOLDERS OF THE PARENT
        Basic                                                             RMB0.01 cents                RMB0.02 cents


        Diluted                                                           RMB0.01 cents                RMB0.02 cents


      The adoption of amendments to HKAS 12 did not have any material impact on the other
      comprehensive income and the consolidated statements of cash flows for the years ended
      March 31, 2024 and 2023.

  (d) Amendments to HKAS 12 International Tax Reform — Pillar Two Model Rules introduce a
      mandatory temporary exception from the recognition and disclosure of deferred taxes
      arising from the implementation of the Pillar Two model rules published by the
      Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development. The amendments also introduce
      disclosure requirements for the affected entities to help users of the financial statements
      better understand the entities’ exposure to Pillar Two income taxes, including the disclosure
      of current tax related to Pillar Two income taxes separately in the periods when Pillar Two
      legislation is effective and the disclosure of known or reasonably estimable information of
      their exposure to Pillar Two income taxes in periods in which the legislation is enacted or
      substantively enacted but not yet in effect. The Group has not yet applied the temporary
      exception during the current year because the entities comprising the Group are operating
      in jurisdictions in which the Pillar Two tax law has not yet been enacted or substantively
      enacted. The Group will disclose known or reasonably estimable information related to its
      exposure to Pillar Two income taxes in the consolidated financial statements by the time
      when the Pillar Two tax law has been enacted or substantively enacted and will disclose
      separately the current tax expense or income related to Pillar Two income taxes when it is in
      effect.




                                      ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2024 Fiscal Year Annual Report     129
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
March 31, 2024

2.3 ISSUED BUT NOT YET EFFECTIVE HONG KONG FINANCIAL
    REPORTING STANDARDS
      The Group has not applied the following revised HKFRSs, that have been issued but are not yet
      effective, in these financial statements. The Group intends to apply these revised HKFRSs, if
      applicable, when they become effective.

      Amendments to HKFRS 10 and                                  Sale or Contribution of Assets between an Investor and
       HKAS 28                                                      its Associate or Joint Venture 3
      Amendments to HKFRS 16                                      Lease Liability in a Sale and Leaseback 1
      Amendments to HKAS 1                                        Classification of Liabilities as Current or Non-current
                                                                    (the “2020 Amendments”)1, 4
      Amendments to HKAS 1                                        Non-current Liabilities with Covenants
                                                                    (the “2022 Amendments”)1, 4
      Amendments to HKAS 7 and HKFRS 7                            Supplier Finance Arrangements 1
      Amendments to HKAS 21                                       Lack of Exchangeability 2
      1
            Effective for annual periods beginning on or after January 1, 2024
      2
            Effective for annual periods beginning on or after January 1, 2025
      3
            No mandatory effective date yet determined but available for adoption
      4
            As a consequence of the 2020 Amendments and 2022 Amendments, Hong Kong Interpretation 5 Presentation of
            Financial Statements — Classification by the Borrower of a Term Loan that Contains a Repayment on Demand
            Clause was revised to align the corresponding wording with no change in conclusion


      Further information about those HKFRSs that are expected to be applicable to the Group is
      described below.

      Amendments to HKFRS 10 and HKAS 28 address an inconsistency between the requirements in
      HKFRS 10 and in HKAS 28 in dealing with the sale or contribution of assets between an investor
      and its associate or joint venture. The amendments require a full recognition of a gain or loss
      resulting from a downstream transaction when the sale or contribution of assets constitutes a
      business. For a transaction involving assets that do not constitute a business, a gain or loss
      resulting from the transaction is recognized in the investor’s profit or loss only to the extent of
      the unrelated investor’s interest in that associate or joint venture. The amendments are to be
      applied prospectively. The previous mandatory effective date of amendments to HKFRS 10 and
      HKAS 28 was removed by the HKICPA. However, the amendments are available for adoption
      now.




130       ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2024 Fiscal Year Annual Report
                          NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                             March 31, 2024

2.3 ISSUED BUT NOT YET EFFECTIVE HONG KONG FINANCIAL
    REPORTING STANDARDS (CONTINUED)
  Amendments to HKFRS 16 specify the requirements that a seller — lessee uses in measuring the
  lease liability arising in a sale and leaseback transaction to ensure the seller — lessee does not
  recognize any amount of the gain or loss that relates to the right of use it retains. The
  amendments are effective for annual periods beginning on or after January 1, 2024 and shall be
  applied retrospectively to sale and leaseback transactions entered into after the date of initial
  application of HKFRS 16 (i.e., January 1, 2019). Earlier application is permitted. The amendments
  are not expected to have any significant impact on the Group’s financial statements.

  The 2020 Amendments clarify the requirements for classifying liabilities as current or
  non-current, including what is meant by a right to defer settlement and that a right to defer
  must exist at the end of the reporting period. Classification of a liability is unaffected by the
  likelihood that the entity will exercise its right to defer settlement. The amendments also clarify
  that a liability can be settled in its own equity instruments, and that only if a conversion option
  in a convertible liability is itself accounted for as an equity instrument would the terms of a
  liability not impact its classification. The 2022 Amendments further clarify that, among covenants
  of a liability arising from a loan arrangement, only those with which an entity must comply on
  or before the reporting date affect the classification of that liability as current or non-current.
  Additional disclosures are required for non-current liabilities that are subject to the entity
  complying with future covenants within 12 months after the reporting period. The amendments
  shall be applied retrospectively with early application permitted. An entity that applies the 2020
  Amendments early is required to apply simultaneously the 2022 Amendments, and vice versa.
  The Group is currently assessing the impact of the amendments and whether existing loan
  agreements may require revision. Based on a preliminary assessment, the amendments are not
  expected to have any significant impact on the Group’s financial statements.




                                       ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2024 Fiscal Year Annual Report   131
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
March 31, 2024

2.3 ISSUED BUT NOT YET EFFECTIVE HONG KONG FINANCIAL
    REPORTING STANDARDS (CONTINUED)
      Amendments to HKAS 7 and HKFRS 7 clarify the characteristics of supplier finance arrangements
      and require additional disclosure of such arrangements. The disclosure requirements in the
      amendments are intended to assist users of financial statements in understanding the effects of
      supplier finance arrangements on an entity’s liabilities, cash flows and exposure to liquidity risk.
      Earlier application of the amendments is permitted. The amendments provide certain transition
      reliefs regarding comparative information, quantitative information as at the beginning of the
      annual reporting period and interim disclosures. The amendments are not expected to have any
      significant impact on the Group’s financial statements.

      Amendments to HKAS 21 specify how an entity shall assess whether a currency is exchangeable
      into another currency and how it shall estimate a spot exchange rate at a measurement date
      when exchangeability is lacking. The amendments require disclosures of information that enable
      users of financial statements to understand the impact of a currency not being exchangeable.
      Earlier application is permitted. When applying the amendments, an entity cannot restate
      comparative information. Any cumulative effect of initially applying the amendments shall be
      recognized as an adjustment to the opening balance of retained profits or to the cumulative
      amount of translation differences accumulated in a separate component of equity, where
      appropriate, at the date of initial application. The amendments are not expected to have any
      significant impact on the Group’s financial statements.


2.4 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES
      Investments in associates and joint ventures

      An associate is an entity in which the Group has a long term interest of the equity voting rights
      and over which it has significant influence. Significant influence is the power to participate in the
      financial and operating policy decisions of the investee, but is not control or joint control over
      those policies.

      A joint venture is a type of joint arrangement whereby the parties that have joint control of the
      arrangement have rights to the net assets of the joint venture. Joint control is the contractually
      agreed sharing of control of an arrangement, which exists only when decisions about the
      relevant activities require the unanimous consent of the parties sharing control.

      The Group’s investments in associates and joint ventures are stated in the consolidated
      statement of financial position at the Group’s share of net assets under the equity method of
      accounting, less any impairment losses.




132     ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2024 Fiscal Year Annual Report
                          NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                             March 31, 2024

2.4 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
  Investments in associates and joint ventures (Continued)

  The Group’s share of the post-acquisition results and other comprehensive income of associates
  and joint ventures is included in the consolidated statement of profit or loss and consolidated
  other comprehensive income, respectively. In addition, when there has been a change
  recognized directly in the equity of the associate or joint venture, the Group recognizes its share
  of any changes, when applicable, in the consolidated statement of changes in equity.
  Unrealized gains and losses resulting from transactions between the Group and its associates or
  joint ventures are eliminated to the extent of the Group’s investments in the associates or joint
  ventures, except where unrealized losses provide evidence of an impairment of the assets
  transferred. Goodwill arising from the acquisition of associates or joint ventures is included as
  part of the Group’s investments in associates or joint ventures.

  If an investment in an associate becomes an investment in a joint venture or vice versa, the
  retained interest is not remeasured. Instead, the investment continues to be accounted for under
  the equity method. In all other cases, upon loss of significant influence over the associate or
  joint control over the joint venture, the Group measures and recognizes any retained investment
  at its fair value. Any difference between the carrying amount of the associate or joint venture
  upon loss of significant influence or joint control and the fair value of the retained investment
  and proceeds from disposal is recognized in profit or loss.

  Business combinations and goodwill

  Except for business combinations under common control, the Group accounted for its business
  combinations using the acquisition method. The consideration transferred is measured at the
  acquisition date fair value which is the sum of the acquisition date fair values of assets
  transferred by the Group, liabilities assumed by the Group to the former owners of the acquiree
  and the equity interests issued by the Group in exchange for control of the acquiree. For each
  business combination, the Group elects whether to measure the non-controlling interests in the
  acquiree at fair value or at the proportionate share of the acquiree’s identifiable net assets. All
  other components of non-controlling interests are measured at fair value. Acquisition-related
  costs are expensed as incurred.

  The Group determines that it has acquired a business when the acquired set of activities and
  assets includes an input and a substantive process that together significantly contribute to the
  ability to create outputs.




                                       ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2024 Fiscal Year Annual Report   133
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
March 31, 2024

2.4 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
      Business combinations and goodwill (Continued)

      When the Group acquires a business, it assesses the financial assets and liabilities assumed for
      appropriate classification and designation in accordance with the contractual terms, economic
      circumstances and pertinent conditions as at the acquisition date. This includes the separation of
      embedded derivatives in host contracts of the acquiree.

      Any contingent consideration to be transferred by the acquirer is recognized at fair value at the
      acquisition date. Contingent consideration classified as an asset or liability is measured at fair
      value with changes in fair value recognized in profit or loss. Contingent consideration that is
      classified as equity is not remeasured and subsequent settlement is accounted for within equity.

      Goodwill is initially measured at cost, being the excess of the aggregate of the consideration
      transferred, the amount recognized for non-controlling interests and any fair value of the
      Group’s previously held equity interests in the acquiree over the identifiable assets acquired and
      liabilities assumed. If the sum of this consideration and other items is lower than the fair value
      of the net assets acquired, the difference is, after reassessment, recognized in profit or loss as a
      gain on bargain purchase.

      After initial recognition, goodwill is measured at cost less any accumulated impairment losses.
      Goodwill is tested for impairment annually or more frequently if events or changes in
      circumstances indicate that the carrying value may be impaired. The Group performs its annual
      impairment test of goodwill as at March 31. For the purpose of impairment testing, goodwill
      acquired in a business combination is, from the acquisition date, allocated to each of the
      Group’s cash-generating units (“CGUs”), or groups of CGUs, that are expected to benefit from
      the synergies of the combination, irrespective of whether other assets or liabilities of the Group
      are assigned to those units or groups of units.

      Impairment is determined by assessing the recoverable amount of the CGU (group of CGUs) to
      which the goodwill relates. Where the recoverable amount of the CGU (group of CGUs) is less
      than the carrying amount, an impairment loss is recognized. An impairment loss recognized for
      goodwill is not reversed in a subsequent period.

      Where goodwill has been allocated to a CGU (or group of CGUs) and part of the operation
      within that unit is disposed of, the goodwill associated with the operation disposed of is
      included in the carrying amount of the operation when determining the gain or loss on the
      disposal. Goodwill disposed of in these circumstances is measured based on the relative value
      of the operation disposed of and the portion of the CGU retained.




134     ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2024 Fiscal Year Annual Report
                           NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                              March 31, 2024

2.4 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
  Fair value measurement

  The Group measures its financial assets at FVPL, bills receivable, an equity investment
  designated at FVOCI and contingent consideration included in other payables and accruals at
  fair value at the end of each reporting period. Fair value is the price that would be received to
  sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants
  at the measurement date. The fair value measurement is based on the presumption that the
  transaction to sell the asset or transfer the liability takes place either in the principal market for
  the asset or liability, or in the absence of a principal market, in the most advantageous market
  for the asset or liability. The principal or the most advantageous market must be accessible by
  the Group. The fair value of an asset or a liability is measured using the assumptions that
  market participants would use when pricing the asset or liability, assuming that market
  participants act in their economic best interest.

  A fair value measurement of a non-financial asset takes into account a market participant’s
  ability to generate economic benefits by using the asset in its highest and best use or by selling
  it to another market participant that would use the asset in its highest and best use.

  The Group uses valuation techniques that are appropriate in the circumstances and for which
  sufficient data are available to measure fair value, maximizing the use of relevant observable
  inputs and minimizing the use of unobservable inputs.

  All assets and liabilities for which fair value is measured or disclosed in the financial statements
  are categorized within the fair value hierarchy, described as follows, based on the lowest level
  input that is significant to the fair value measurement as a whole:

  Level 1    —   based on quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or
                 liabilities

  Level 2    —   based on valuation techniques for which the lowest level input that is significant
                 to the fair value measurement is observable, either directly or indirectly

  Level 3    —   based on valuation techniques for which the lowest level input that is significant
                 to the fair value measurement is unobservable

  For assets and liabilities that are recognized in the financial statements on a recurring basis, the
  Group determines whether transfers have occurred between levels in the hierarchy by
  reassessing categorization (based on the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value
  measurement as a whole) at the end of each reporting period.




                                        ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2024 Fiscal Year Annual Report   135
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
March 31, 2024

2.4 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
      Impairment of non-financial assets

      Where an indication of impairment exists, or when annual impairment testing for a
      non-financial asset is required (other than inventories and deferred tax assets), the asset’s
      recoverable amount is estimated. An asset’s recoverable amount is the higher of the asset’s or
      CGU’s value in use and its fair value less costs of disposal, and is determined for an individual
      asset, unless the asset does not generate cash inflows that are largely independent of those
      from other assets or groups of assets, in which case the recoverable amount is determined for
      the CGU to which the asset belongs.

      An impairment loss is recognized only if the carrying amount of an asset exceeds its recoverable
      amount. In assessing value in use, the estimated future cash flows are discounted to their
      present value using a pre-tax discount rate that reflects current market assessments of the time
      value of money and the risks specific to the asset. An impairment loss is charged to the
      statement of profit or loss in the period in which it arises in those expense categories consistent
      with the function of the impaired asset.

      An assessment is made at the end of each reporting period as to whether there is an indication
      that previously recognized impairment losses may no longer exist or may have decreased. If
      such an indication exists, the recoverable amount is estimated. A previously recognized
      impairment loss of an asset other than goodwill is reversed only if there has been a change in
      the estimates used to determine the recoverable amount of that asset, but not to an amount
      higher than the carrying amount that would have been determined (net of any depreciation/
      amortization) had no impairment loss been recognized for the asset in prior years. A reversal of
      such an impairment loss is credited to the statement of profit or loss in the period in which it
      arises.

      Related parties

      A party is considered to be related to the Group if:

      (a) the party is a person or a close member of that person’s family and that person

             (i)    has control or joint control over the Group;

             (ii) has significant influence over the Group; or

             (iii) is a member of the key management personnel of the Group or of a parent of the Group;

      or




136        ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2024 Fiscal Year Annual Report
                           NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                              March 31, 2024

2.4 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
  Related parties (Continued)

  (b) the party is an entity where any of the following conditions applies:

      (i)   the entity and the Group are members of the same group;

      (ii) one entity is an associate or joint venture of the other entity (or of a parent, subsidiary
           or fellow subsidiary of the other entity);

      (iii) the entity and the Group are joint ventures of the same third party;

      (iv) one entity is a joint venture of a third entity and the other entity is an associate of the
           third entity;

      (v) the entity is a post-employment benefit plan for the benefit of employees of either the
          Group or an entity related to the Group; and the sponsoring employers of the
          post-employment benefit plan;

      (vi) the entity is controlled or jointly controlled by a person identified in (a);

      (vii) a person identified in (a)(i) has significant influence over the entity or is a member of
            the key management personnel of the entity (or of a parent of the entity); and

      (viii) the entity, or any member of a group of which it is a part, provides key management
             personnel services to the Group or to the parent of the Group.

  Property and equipment and depreciation

  Property and equipment are stated at cost less accumulated depreciation and any impairment
  losses. The cost of an item of property and equipment comprises its purchase price and any
  directly attributable costs of bringing the asset to its working condition and location for its
  intended use.

  Expenditure incurred after items of property and equipment have been put into operation, such
  as repairs and maintenance, is normally charged to the statement of profit or loss in the period
  in which it is incurred. In situations where the recognition criteria are satisfied, the expenditure
  for a major inspection is capitalized in the carrying amount of the asset as a replacement.
  Where significant parts of property and equipment are required to be replaced at intervals, the
  Group recognizes such parts as individual assets with specific useful lives and depreciates them
  accordingly.




                                        ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2024 Fiscal Year Annual Report   137
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
March 31, 2024

2.4 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
      Property and equipment and depreciation (Continued)

      Depreciation is calculated on the straight-line basis to write off the cost of each item of property
      and equipment to its residual value over its estimated useful life. The principal annual rates
      used for this purpose are as follows:

      Leasehold improvements                                               Over the shorter of lease terms and 171/6%
      Computer equipment, furniture and fixtures                           20% to 331/3%
      Motor vehicles                                                       20% to 331/3%

      Where parts of an item of property and equipment have different useful lives, the cost of that
      item is allocated on a reasonable basis among the parts and each part is depreciated
      separately. Residual values, useful lives and the depreciation method are reviewed, and
      adjusted if appropriate, at least at each financial year end.

      An item of property and equipment including any significant part initially recognized is
      derecognized upon disposal or when no future economic benefits are expected from its use or
      disposal. Any gain or loss on disposal or retirement recognized in the statement of profit or loss
      in the year the asset is derecognized is the difference between the net sales proceeds and the
      carrying amount of the relevant asset.

      Intangible assets (other than goodwill)

      Intangible assets acquired separately are measured on initial recognition at cost. The cost of
      intangible assets acquired in a business combination is the fair value at the date of acquisition.
      The useful lives of intangible assets are assessed to be either finite or indefinite. Intangible
      assets with finite lives are subsequently amortized over the useful economic life and assessed
      for impairment whenever there is an indication that the intangible asset may be impaired. The
      amortization period and the amortization method for an intangible asset with a finite useful life
      are reviewed at least at each financial year end.

      Patents and licences

      Patents and licences are stated at cost less any impairment losses and are amortized on the
      straight-line basis over their estimated useful lives of three years.

      Brand name

      The brand name is stated at cost less impairment losses and is amortized on the straight-line
      basis over its estimated useful life of 20 years.




138     ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2024 Fiscal Year Annual Report
                            NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                             March 31, 2024

2.4 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
  Leases

  The Group assesses at contract inception whether a contract is, or contains, a lease. A contract
  is, or contains, a lease if the contract conveys the right to control the use of an identified asset
  for a period of time in exchange for consideration.

  Group as a lessee

  The Group applies a single recognition and measurement approach for all leases, except for
  short-term leases. The Group recognizes lease liabilities to make lease payments and
  right-of-use assets representing the right to use the underlying assets.

  (a) Right-of-use assets

      Right-of-use assets are recognized at the commencement date of the lease (that is the date
      the underlying asset is available for use). Right-of-use assets are measured at cost, less
      accumulated depreciation and any impairment losses, and adjusted for any remeasurement
      of lease liabilities. The cost of right-of-use assets includes the amount of lease liabilities
      recognized, initial direct costs incurred, and lease payments made at or before the
      commencement date less any lease incentives received. Right-of-use assets are depreciated
      on a straight-line basis over the shorter of the lease terms and the estimated useful lives of
      the assets as follows:

      Retail outlets                                       1.5 to 9 years
      Offices                                              1.1 to 3 years
      Staff dormitories                                    1.1 to 2 years
      Warehouses                                           2 to 5 years

  (b) Lease liabilities

      Lease liabilities are recognized at the commencement date of the lease at the present value
      of lease payments to be made over the lease term. The lease payments include fixed
      payments (including in substance fixed payments) less any lease incentives receivable,
      variable lease payments that depend on an index or a rate, and amounts expected to be
      paid under residual value guarantees. The lease payments also include the exercise price of
      a purchase option reasonably certain to be exercised by the Group and payments of
      penalties for termination of a lease, if the lease term reflects the Group exercising the
      option to terminate the lease. The variable lease payments that do not depend on an index
      or a rate are recognized as an expense in the period in which the event or condition that
      triggers the payment occurs.




                                       ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2024 Fiscal Year Annual Report   139
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
March 31, 2024

2.4 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
      Leases (Continued)

      Group as a lessee (Continued)

      (b) Lease liabilities (Continued)

          In calculating the present value of lease payments, the Group uses its incremental
          borrowing rate at the lease commencement date because the interest rate implicit in the
          lease is not readily determinable. After the commencement date, the amount of lease
          liabilities is increased to reflect the accretion of interest and reduced for the lease payments
          made. In addition, the carrying amount of lease liabilities is remeasured if there is a
          modification, a change in the lease term, a change in lease payments (e.g., a change to
          future lease payments resulting from a change in an index or rate) or a change in
          assessment of an option to purchase the underlying asset.

      (c) Short-term leases

          The Group applies the short-term lease recognition exemption to its short-term leases of
          properties (that is those leases that have a lease term of 12 months or less from the
          commencement date and do not contain a purchase option). Lease payments on short-term
          leases are recognized as an expense on a straight-line basis over the lease term.

      Group as a lessor

      When the Group acts as a lessor, it classifies at lease inception (or when there is a lease
      modification) each of its leases as either an operating lease or a finance lease.

      Leases in which the Group does not transfer substantially all the risks and rewards incidental to
      ownership of an asset are classified as operating leases. When a contract contains lease and
      non-lease components, the Group allocates the consideration in the contract to each component
      on a relative stand-alone selling price basis. Rental income is accounted for on a straight-line
      basis over the lease terms and is included in revenue in the statement of profit or loss due to its
      operating nature. Initial direct costs incurred in negotiating and arranging an operating lease
      are added to the carrying amount of the leased asset and recognized over the lease term on
      the same basis as rental income. Contingent rents are recognized as revenue in the period in
      which they are earned.




140     ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2024 Fiscal Year Annual Report
                           NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                              March 31, 2024

2.4 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
  Investments and other financial assets

  Initial recognition and measurement

  Financial assets are classified, at initial recognition, as subsequently measured at amortized
  cost, fair value through other comprehensive income, and fair value through profit or loss.

  The classification of financial assets at initial recognition depends on the financial asset’s
  contractual cash flow characteristics and the Group’s business model for managing them. With
  the exception of trade receivables that do not contain a significant financing component or for
  which the Group has applied the practical expedient of not adjusting the effect of a significant
  financing component, the Group initially measures a financial asset at its fair value, plus in the
  case of a financial asset not at fair value through profit or loss, transaction costs. Trade
  receivables that do not contain a significant financing component or for which the Group has
  applied the practical expedient are measured at the transaction price determined under HKFRS
  15 in accordance with the policies set out for “Revenue recognition” below.

  In order for a financial asset to be classified and measured at amortized cost or fair value
  through other comprehensive income, it needs to give rise to cash flows that are solely
  payments of principal and interest (“SPPI”) on the principal amount outstanding. Financial assets
  with cash flows that are not SPPI are classified and measured at fair value through profit or
  loss, irrespective of the business model.

  The Group’s business model for managing financial assets refers to how it manages its financial
  assets in order to generate cash flows. The business model determines whether cash flows will
  result from collecting contractual cash flows, selling the financial assets, or both. Financial
  assets classified and measured at amortized cost are held within a business model with the
  objective to hold financial assets in order to collect contractual cash flows, while financial assets
  classified and measured at fair value through other comprehensive income are held within a
  business model with the objective of both holding to collect contractual cash flows and selling.
  Financial assets which are not held within the aforementioned business models are classified
  and measured at fair value through profit or loss.

  Purchases or sales of financial assets that require delivery of assets within the period generally
  established by regulation or convention in the marketplace are recognized on the trade date,
  that is, the date that the Group commits to purchase or sell the asset.




                                        ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2024 Fiscal Year Annual Report   141
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
March 31, 2024

2.4 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
      Investments and other financial assets (Continued)

      Subsequent measurement

      The subsequent measurement of financial assets depends on their classification as follows:

      Financial assets at amortized cost (debt instruments)

      Financial assets at amortized cost are subsequently measured using the effective interest
      method and are subject to impairment. Gains and losses are recognized in the statement of
      profit or loss when the asset is derecognized, modified or impaired.

      Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income (debt instruments)

      For debt investments at fair value through other comprehensive income, interest income, foreign
      exchange revaluation and impairment losses or reversals are recognized in the statement of
      profit or loss and computed in the same manner as for financial assets measured at amortized
      cost. The remaining fair value changes are recognized in other comprehensive income. Upon
      derecognition, the cumulative fair value change recognized in other comprehensive income is
      recycled to the statement of profit or loss.

      Financial assets designated at fair value through other comprehensive income (equity
      investments)

      Upon initial recognition, the Group can elect to classify irrevocably its equity investments as
      equity investments designated at fair value through other comprehensive income when they
      meet the definition of equity under HKAS 32 Financial Instruments: Presentation and are not
      held for trading. The classification is determined on an instrument-by-instrument basis.

      Gains and losses on these financial assets are never recycled to the statement of profit or loss.
      Dividends are recognized as other income in the statement of profit or loss when the right of
      payment has been established, except when the Group benefits from such proceeds as a
      recovery of part of the cost of the financial asset, in which case such gains are recorded in
      other comprehensive income. Equity investments designated at fair value through other
      comprehensive income are not subject to impairment assessment.




142     ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2024 Fiscal Year Annual Report
                           NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                              March 31, 2024

2.4 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
  Investments and other financial assets (Continued)

  Subsequent measurement (Continued)

  Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss

  Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss are carried in the statement of financial
  position at fair value with net changes in fair value recognized in the statement of profit or loss.

  This category includes derivative instruments and equity investments which the Group had not
  irrevocably elected to classify at fair value through other comprehensive income. Dividends on
  the equity investments are also recognized as other income in the statement of profit or loss
  when the right of payment has been established.

  A derivative embedded in a hybrid contract, with a financial liability or non-financial host, is
  separated from the host and accounted for as a separate derivative if the economic
  characteristics and risks are not closely related to the host; a separate instrument with the same
  terms as the embedded derivative would meet the definition of a derivative; and the hybrid
  contract is not measured at fair value through profit or loss. Embedded derivatives are
  measured at fair value with changes in fair value recognized in the statement of profit or loss.
  Reassessment only occurs if there is either a change in the terms of the contract that
  significantly modifies the cash flows that would otherwise be required or a reclassification of a
  financial asset out of the fair value through profit or loss category.

  A derivative embedded within a hybrid contract containing a financial asset host is not
  accounted for separately. The financial asset host together with the embedded derivative is
  required to be classified in its entirety as a financial asset at fair value through profit or loss.

  Derecognition of financial assets

  A financial asset (or, where applicable, a part of a financial asset or part of a group of similar
  financial assets) is primarily derecognized (i.e., removed from the Group’s consolidated
  statement of financial position) when:

  •   the rights to receive cash flows from the asset have expired; or

  •   the Group has transferred its rights to receive cash flows from the asset or has assumed an
      obligation to pay the received cash flows in full without material delay to a third party
      under a “pass-through” arrangement; and either (a) the Group has transferred
      substantially all the risks and rewards of the asset, or (b) the Group has neither transferred
      nor retained substantially all the risks and rewards of the asset, but has transferred control
      of the asset.




                                        ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2024 Fiscal Year Annual Report   143
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
March 31, 2024

2.4 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
      Derecognition of financial assets (Continued)

      When the Group has transferred its rights to receive cash flows from an asset or has entered
      into a pass-through arrangement, it evaluates if, and to what extent, it has retained the risk and
      rewards of ownership of the asset. When it has neither transferred nor retained substantially all
      the risks and rewards of the asset nor transferred control of the asset, the Group continues to
      recognize the transferred asset to the extent of the Group’s continuing involvement. In that case,
      the Group also recognize an associated liability. The transferred asset and the associated
      liability are measured on a basis that reflects the rights and obligations that the Group has
      retained.

      Continuing involvement that takes the form of a guarantee over the transferred asset is
      measured at the lower of the original carrying amount of the asset and the maximum amount
      of consideration that the Group could be required to repay.

      Impairment of financial assets

      The Group recognizes an allowance for expected credit losses (“ECLs”) for all debt instruments
      not held at fair value through profit or loss. ECLs are based on the difference between the
      contractual cash flows due in accordance with the contract and all the cash flows that the
      Group expects to receive, discounted at an approximation of the original effective interest rate.
      The expected cash flows will include cash flows from the sale of collateral held or other credit
      enhancements that are integral to the contractual terms.

      General approach

      ECLs are recognized in two stages. For credit exposures for which there has not been a
      significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition, ECLs are provided for credit losses that
      result from default events that are possible within the next 12 months (a 12-month ECL). For
      those credit exposures for which there has been a significant increase in credit risk since initial
      recognition, a loss allowance is required for credit losses expected over the remaining life of the
      exposure, irrespective of the timing of the default (a lifetime ECL).

      At each reporting date, the Group assesses whether the credit risk on a financial instrument has
      increased significantly since initial recognition. When making the assessment, the Group
      compares the risk of a default occurring on the financial instrument as at the reporting date
      with the risk of a default occurring on the financial instrument as at the date of initial
      recognition and considers reasonable and supportable information that is available without
      undue cost or effort, including historical and forward-looking information. The Group considers
      that there has been a significant increase in credit risk when contractual payments are more
      than 30 days past due.




144     ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2024 Fiscal Year Annual Report
                          NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                             March 31, 2024

2.4 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
  Impairment of financial assets (Continued)

  General approach (Continued)

  The Group considers a financial asset in default when unsettled contractual payments are aged
  more than two years. The Group has rebutted the 90 days past due presumption of default
  based on reasonable and supportable information, including the Group’s credit risk control
  practices and the historical recovery rate of financial assets over 90 days past due. However, the
  Group may also consider a financial asset to be in default when internal or external information
  indicates that the Group is unlikely to receive the outstanding contractual amounts in full before
  taking into account any credit enhancements held by the Group.

  For debt investments at fair value through other comprehensive income, the Group applies the
  low credit risk simplification. At each reporting date, the Group evaluates whether the debt
  investments are considered to have low credit risk using all reasonable and supportable
  information that is available without undue cost or effort. However, when there has been a
  significant increase in credit risk of debt investments since origination, the allowance will be
  based on the lifetime ECL.

  A financial asset is written off when there is no reasonable expectation of recovering the
  contractual cash flows. Debt investments at fair value through other comprehensive income and
  financial assets at amortized cost are subject to impairment under the general approach and
  they are classified within the following stages for measurement of ECLs except for trade
  receivables which apply the simplified approach as detailed below.

  Stage 1            —   Financial instruments for which credit risk has not increased significantly
                         since initial recognition and for which the loss allowance is measured at
                         an amount equal to 12-month ECLs

  Stage 2            —   Financial instruments for which credit risk has increased significantly since
                         initial recognition but that are not credit-impaired financial assets and for
                         which the loss allowance is measured at an amount equal to lifetime
                         ECLs

  Stage 3            —   Financial assets that are credit-impaired at the reporting date (but that
                         are not purchased or originated credit-impaired) and for which the loss
                         allowance is measured at an amount equal to lifetime ECLs




                                       ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2024 Fiscal Year Annual Report   145
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
March 31, 2024

2.4 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
      Impairment of financial assets (Continued)

      Simplified approach

      For trade receivables that do not contain a significant financing component or when the Group
      applies the practical expedient of not adjusting the effect of a significant financing component,
      the Group applies the simplified approach in calculating ECLs. Under the simplified approach,
      the Group does not track changes in credit risk, but instead recognizes a loss allowance based
      on lifetime ECLs at each reporting date. The Group has established a provision matrix that is
      based on its historical credit loss experience, adjusted for forward-looking factors specific to the
      debtors and the economic environment.

      For lease receivables, the Group chooses as its accounting policy to adopt the simplified
      approach in calculating ECLs with policies as described above.

      Financial liabilities

      Initial recognition and measurement

      Financial liabilities are classified, at initial recognition, as financial liabilities at fair value
      through profit or loss and financial liabilities at amortized cost.

      All financial liabilities are recognized initially at fair value and, in the case of loans and
      borrowings and payables, net of directly attributable transaction costs.

      The Group’s financial liabilities include trade and bills payables, and other financial liabilities
      included in other payables and lease liabilities.

      Subsequent measurement

      The subsequent measurement of financial liabilities depends on their classification as follows:

      Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss

      Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss include financial liabilities held for trading
      and financial liabilities designated upon initial recognition as at fair value through profit or loss.

      Financial liabilities are classified as held for trading if they are incurred for the purpose of
      repurchasing in the near term. This category also includes derivative financial instruments
      entered into by the Group that are not designated as hedging instruments in hedge
      relationships as defined by HKFRS 9. Separated embedded derivatives are also classified as held
      for trading unless they are designated as effective hedging instruments. Gains or losses on
      liabilities held for trading are recognized in the statement of profit or loss. The net fair value
      gain or loss recognized in the statement of profit or loss does not include any interest charged
      on these financial liabilities.


146     ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2024 Fiscal Year Annual Report
                            NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                                  March 31, 2024

2.4 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
  Financial liabilities (Continued)

  Subsequent measurement (Continued)

  Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss (Continued)

  Financial liabilities designated upon initial recognition as at fair value through profit or loss are
  designated at the initial date of recognition, and only if the criteria in HKFRS 9 are satisfied.
  Gains or losses on liabilities designated at fair value through profit or loss are recognized in the
  statement of profit or loss, except for the gains or losses arising from the Group’s own credit risk
  which are presented in other comprehensive income with no subsequent reclassification to the
  statement of profit or loss. The net fair value gain or loss recognized in the statement of profit
  or loss does not include any interest charged on these financial liabilities.

  Financial liabilities at amortized cost

  After initial recognition, interest-bearing loans and borrowings are subsequently measured at
  amortized cost, using the effective interest rate method unless the effect of discounting would
  be immaterial, in which case they are stated at cost. Gains and losses are recognized in the
  statement of profit or loss when the liabilities are derecognized as well as through the effective
  interest rate amortization process.

  Amortized cost is calculated by taking into account any discount or premium on acquisition and
  fees or costs that are an integral part of the effective interest rate. The effective interest rate
  amortization is included in finance costs in the statement of profit or loss.

  Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss

  Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss include financial liabilities held for trading
  and financial liabilities designated upon initial recognition as at fair value through profit or loss.

  Financial liabilities designated upon initial recognition as at fair value through profit or loss are
  designated at the initial date of recognition, and only if the criteria in HKFRS 9 are satisfied.
  Gains or losses on liabilities designated at fair value through profit or loss are recognized in the
  statement of profit or loss, except for the gains or losses arising from the Group’s own credit risk
  which are presented in other comprehensive income with no subsequent reclassification to the
  statement of profit or loss. The net fair value gain or loss recognized in the statement of profit
  or loss does not include any interest charged on these financial liabilities.




                                            ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2024 Fiscal Year Annual Report   147
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
March 31, 2024

2.4 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
      Derecognition of financial liabilities

      A financial liability is derecognized when the obligation under the liability is discharged or
      cancelled, or expires.

      When an existing financial liability is replaced by another from the same lender on substantially
      different terms, or the terms of an existing liability are substantially modified, such an exchange
      or modification is treated as a derecognition of the original liability and a recognition of a new
      liability, and the difference between the respective carrying amounts is recognized in the
      statement of profit or loss.

      Offsetting of financial instruments

      Financial assets and financial liabilities are offset and the net amount is reported in the
      statement of financial position if there is a currently enforceable legal right to offset the
      recognized amounts and there is an intention to settle on a net basis, or to realize the assets
      and settle the liabilities simultaneously.

      Treasury shares

      Own equity instruments which are reacquired and held by the Company or the Group (treasury
      shares) are recognized directly in equity at cost. No gain or loss is recognized in the statement
      of profit or loss on the purchase, sale, issue or cancellation of the Group’s own equity
      instruments.

      Inventories

      Inventories are stated at the lower of cost and net realizable value. Cost is determined on the
      weighted average basis. Net realizable value is based on estimated selling prices less any
      estimated costs to be incurred to completion and disposal.

      Cash and cash equivalents

      Cash and cash equivalents in the statement of financial position comprise cash on hand and at
      banks, and short-term highly liquid deposits with a maturity of generally within three months
      that are readily convertible into known amounts of cash, subject to an insignificant risk of
      changes in value and held for the purpose of meeting short-term cash commitments.

      For the purpose of the consolidated statement of cash flows, cash and cash equivalents
      comprise cash on hand and at banks, and short-term deposits as defined above, less bank
      overdrafts which are repayable on demand and form an integral part of the Group’s cash
      management.




148     ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2024 Fiscal Year Annual Report
                          NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                             March 31, 2024

2.4 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
  Income tax

  Income tax comprises current and deferred tax. Income tax relating to items recognized outside
  profit or loss is recognized outside profit or loss, either in other comprehensive income or
  directly in equity.

  Current tax assets and liabilities are measured at the amount expected to be recovered from or
  paid to the taxation authorities, based on tax rates (and tax laws) that have been enacted or
  substantively enacted by the end of the reporting period, taking into consideration
  interpretations and practices prevailing in the countries in which the Group operates.

  Deferred tax is provided, using the liability method, on all temporary differences at the end of
  the reporting period between the tax bases of assets and liabilities and their carrying amounts
  for financial reporting purposes.

  Deferred tax liabilities are recognized for all taxable temporary differences, except:

  •   when the deferred tax liability arises from the initial recognition of goodwill or an asset or
      liability in a transaction that is not a business combination and, at the time of the
      transaction, affects neither the accounting profit nor taxable profit or loss; and

  •   in respect of taxable temporary differences associated with investments in subsidiaries,
      associates and joint ventures, when the timing of the reversal of the temporary differences
      can be controlled and it is probable that the temporary differences will not reverse in the
      foreseeable future.

  Deferred tax assets are recognized for all deductible temporary differences, and the
  carryforward of unused tax credits and any unused tax losses. Deferred tax assets are
  recognized to the extent that it is probable that taxable profit will be available against which
  the deductible temporary differences, and the carryforward of unused tax credits and unused
  tax losses can be utilized, except:

  •   when the deferred tax asset relating to the deductible temporary differences arises from the
      initial recognition of an asset or liability in a transaction that is not a business combination
      and, at the time of the transaction, affects neither the accounting profit nor taxable profit or
      loss and does not give rise to equal taxable and deductible temporary differences; and

  •   in respect of deductible temporary differences associated with investments in subsidiaries,
      associates and joint ventures, deferred tax assets are only recognized to the extent that it is
      probable that the temporary differences will reverse in the foreseeable future and taxable
      profit will be available against which the temporary differences can be utilized.




                                       ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2024 Fiscal Year Annual Report   149
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
March 31, 2024

2.4 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
      Income tax (Continued)

      The carrying amount of deferred tax assets is reviewed at the end of each reporting period and
      reduced to the extent that it is no longer probable that sufficient taxable profit will be available
      to allow all or part of the deferred tax asset to be utilized. Unrecognized deferred tax assets are
      reassessed at the end of each reporting period and are recognized to the extent that it has
      become probable that sufficient taxable profit will be available to allow all or part of the
      deferred tax asset to be recovered.

      Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured at the tax rates that are expected to apply to
      the period when the asset is realized or the liability is settled, based on tax rates (and tax laws)
      that have been enacted or substantively enacted by the end of the reporting period.

      Deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities are offset if and only if the Group has a legally
      enforceable right to set off current tax assets and current tax liabilities and the deferred tax
      assets and deferred tax liabilities relate to income taxes levied by the same taxation authority
      on either the same taxable entity or different taxable entities which intend either to settle
      current tax liabilities and assets on a net basis, or to realize the assets and settle the liabilities
      simultaneously, in each future period in which significant amounts of deferred tax liabilities or
      assets are expected to be settled or recovered.

      Government grants

      Government grants are recognized at their fair value where there is reasonable assurance that
      the grant will be received and all attaching conditions will be complied with. When the grant
      relates to an expense item, it is recognized as income on a systematic basis over the periods
      that the costs, for which it is intended to compensate, are expensed.

      Revenue recognition

      Revenue from contracts with customers

      Revenue from contracts with customers is recognized when control of goods or services is
      transferred to the customers at an amount that reflects the consideration to which the Group
      expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services.

      When the consideration in a contract includes a variable amount, the amount of consideration is
      estimated to which the Group will be entitled in exchange for transferring the goods or services
      to the customer. The variable consideration is estimated at contract inception and constrained
      until it is highly probable that a significant revenue reversal in the amount of cumulative
      revenue recognized will not occur when the associated uncertainty with the variable
      consideration is subsequently resolved.




150     ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2024 Fiscal Year Annual Report
                               NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                                    March 31, 2024

2.4 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
  Revenue recognition (Continued)

  Revenue from contracts with customers (Continued)

  The Group reports revenue on a gross or net basis depending on whether the Group is acting as
  a principal or an agent in a transaction. The Group is a principal if it controls the specified
  product or service before that product or service is transferred to a customer or it has a right to
  direct others to provide the product or service to the customer on the Group’s behalf. Indicators
  that the Group is a principal include, but are not limited to, whether the Group (i) is primarily
  responsible for fulfilling the promise to provide the specified good or service; (ii) has inventory
  risk before the specified good or service has been transferred to a customer or after transfer of
  control to the customer and (iii) has discretion in establishing the price for the specified good or
  service, etc.

  When the contract contains a financing component which provides the customer with a
  significant benefit of financing the transfer of goods or services to the customer for more than
  one year, revenue is measured at the present value of the amount receivable, discounted using
  the discount rate that would be reflected in a separate financing transaction between the Group
  and the customer at contract inception. When the contract contains a financing component
  which provides the Group with a significant financial benefit for more than one year, revenue
  recognized under the contract includes the interest expense accreted on the contract liability
  under the effective interest method. For a contract where the period between the payment by
  the customer and the transfer of the promised goods or services is one year or less, the
  transaction price is not adjusted for the effects of a significant financing component, using the
  practical expedient in HKFRS 15.

  (a) Revenues from the pharmaceutical direct sales business:

      Sale of pharmaceutical and healthcare products

      The Group is engaged in the sale of pharmaceutical and healthcare products to individual
      customers (“business-to-customer” or “B2C”) through its online stores on Tmall.com
      (“ T m a l l ”) a n d i t s o f f l i n e p h a r m a c y o u t l e t s , a n d t o m e r c h a n t c u s t o m e r s
      (“business-to-business”, or “B2B”). Revenue from the sale of pharmaceutical and
      healthcare products is recorded net of discounts and recognized when the goods are
      delivered to individual customers, either by third party couriers or at the offline outlets, or to
      merchant customers by third party couriers. For contracts which provide a customer with a
      right to return the goods within a specified period, the expected value method is used to
      estimate the goods that will not be returned because this method best predicts the amount
      of variable consideration to which the Group will be entitled. The requirements in HKFRS 15
      on constraining estimates of variable consideration are applied in order to determine the
      amount of variable consideration that can be included in the transaction price.




                                              ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2024 Fiscal Year Annual Report   151
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
March 31, 2024

2.4 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
      Revenue recognition (Continued)

      Revenue from contracts with customers (Continued)

      (a) Revenues from the pharmaceutical direct sales business: (Continued)

          Marketing services

          The Group provides marketing services to pharmaceutical brands primarily through display
          of impressions or clicks of the pharmaceutical brands’ advertisements on various online
          platforms and mobile apps. The fee from pharmaceutical brands is charged primarily
          during the period over which the marketing services are provided.

      (b) Revenues from the pharmaceutical E-commerce platform business:

          Outsourced and value-added services to Tmall Entities

          The Group provides outsourced and value-added services to Tmall Entities*, in relation to
          certain categories of products or services sold or provided on Tmall. The outsourced and
          value-added services include business development for merchants, customer services on
          behalf of merchants, marketing event planning for merchants and technical support and
          assistance to the Tmall Entities’ business team. Revenue from the outsourced and
          value-added services is determined as a percentage of the fees paid by merchants to the
          Tmall Entities in respect of the transaction amount of completed sales of products or
          services under certain categories on Tmall and recognized when services are rendered and
          the underlying transactions of merchants are completed.

          E-commerce platform services

          The Group provides to merchants on the Tmall e-commerce platform maintenance related
          software services in respect of merchant admission, product quality control, and merchant
          operational and maintenance support, and earns commissions from merchants generally at
          3% of the transaction amounts of merchandise being sold on Tmall by merchants. Revenue
          of the commissions is recognized at the time when the underlying sale of merchandise by
          merchants on Tmall is completed.

          *	Zhejiang Tmall Network Co., Ltd. (浙江天貓網絡有限公司) and Zhejiang Tmall Technology Co., Ltd. (浙江天貓技
             術有限公司)




152     ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2024 Fiscal Year Annual Report
                          NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                            March 31, 2024

2.4 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
  Revenue recognition (Continued)

  Revenue from contracts with customers (Continued)

  (c) Revenues from the healthcare and digital services business

      The Group provides a variety of standardized service packages that integrate services
      provided by various medical and healthcare organizations to meet the health-related needs
      of the users, such as health check-ups, genetic testing and vaccine inoculation. The Group
      principally generates revenue from selling the standardized service packages to individual
      customers or corporate customers. Different types of service packages provide the
      customers with a specific number of times of services for each service offered in the
      package. Revenue is recognized upon the individual service is rendered to customers.

      The Group, through its online stores on Tmall and mobile apps, facilitates the provision of
      services by medical and healthcare service organizations to end customers. The Group
      provides to medical and healthcare service organizations with e-commerce platform
      maintenance related software services, customer consultation, reservation and other
      value-added services and charges a service fee at a percentage of the amount of the
      transaction entered into by the medical and healthcare service providers and their
      customers, or at a fixed price per reservation through the Group’s online stores. The
      revenue is recognized at the time when the underlying transaction is completed by the
      medical and healthcare service provider through Tmall.

      The Group also provides marketing services to medical and healthcare service organizations
      primarily through display of impressions or clicks of the advertisement in particular areas of
      web pages or mobile apps. The fee from medical and healthcare service organizations is
      charged primarily during the period over which the marketing services are provided.

      The Group also provides multi-faceted, multi-level, professional and convenient health
      consultation services to users through their engaged professionals, such as medical
      practitioners, pharmacists and nutritionists. The Group charges a fixed consultation fee to
      the user and recognizes revenue at the time when the service is rendered to the user.

      The Group also renders series of services to the customers through its product tracking
      platforms, including product track and trace and the digital healthcare business. Revenue is
      recognized over the period when the underlying services are provided.




                                      ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2024 Fiscal Year Annual Report   153
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
March 31, 2024

2.4 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
      Revenue recognition (Continued)

      Other income

      Interest income is recognized on an accrual basis using the effective interest method by
      applying the rate that exactly discounts the estimated future cash receipts over the expected life
      of the financial instrument or a shorter period, when appropriate, to the net carrying amount of
      the financial asset.

      Dividend income is recognized when the shareholders’ right to receive payment has been
      established, it is probable that the economic benefits associated with the dividend will flow to
      the Group and the amount of the dividend can be measured reliably.

      Contract liabilities

      A contract liability is recognized when a payment is received or a payment is due (whichever is
      earlier) from a customer before the Group transfers the related goods or services. Contract
      liabilities are recognized as revenue when the Group performs under the contract (i.e., transfers
      control of the related goods or services to the customer).

      Costs of services

      Costs of services comprise labor, other costs of personnel directly engaged in providing the
      services and attributable overhead costs for technical support and other direct costs of services
      purchased.

      Fulfilment

      Fulfilment primarily consists of those costs incurred in warehousing, logistics, operation and
      customer services, which are associated with the Group’s online direct sales business.

      Finance costs

      Finance costs are interest on lease liabilities of the Group.




154     ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2024 Fiscal Year Annual Report
                           NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                             March 31, 2024

2.4 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
  Share-based payments

  The Company operates a share award scheme. Employees (including directors) of the Group
  receive remuneration in the form of share-based payments, whereby employees render services
  in exchange for equity instruments (“equity-settled transactions”). During the year ended March
  31, 2024, certain employees of Alibaba Group transferred to the Company restricted share units
  (“RSUs”) granted by Alibaba Group to these employees were not forfeited after to the transfer.
  The Company has the obligation to settle all RSUs vested during these employees’ service period
  in the Company, and measures the transaction as cash-settled share-based payments
  (“cash-settled transactions”).

  The cost of equity-settled transactions with employees is measured by reference to the fair value
  at the date at which they are granted. The fair value is determined by an external valuer using
  a binomial model, further details of which are given in note 29 to the financial statements.

  The cost of equity-settled transactions is recognized in employee benefit expense, together with
  a corresponding increase in equity, over the period in which the performance and/or service
  conditions are fulfilled. The cumulative expense recognized for equity-settled transactions at the
  end of each reporting period until the vesting date reflects the extent to which the vesting
  period has expired and the Group’s best estimate of the number of equity instruments that will
  ultimately vest. The charge or credit to the statement of profit or loss for a period represents the
  movement in the cumulative expense recognized as at the beginning and end of that period.

  Service and non-market performance conditions are not taken into account when determining
  the grant date fair value of awards, but the likelihood of the conditions being met is assessed
  as part of the Group’s best estimate of the number of equity instruments that will ultimately
  vest. Market performance conditions are reflected within the grant date fair value. Any other
  conditions attached to an award, but without an associated service requirement, are considered
  to be non-vesting conditions. Non-vesting conditions are reflected in the fair value of an award
  and lead to an immediate expensing of an award unless there are also service and/or
  performance conditions.

  For awards that do not ultimately vest because non-market performance and/or service
  conditions have not been met, no expense is recognized. Where awards include a market or
  non-vesting condition, the transactions are treated as vesting irrespective of whether the market
  or non-vesting condition is satisfied, provided that all other performance and/or service
  conditions are satisfied.




                                       ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2024 Fiscal Year Annual Report   155
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
March 31, 2024

2.4 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
      Share-based payments (Continued)

      Where the terms of an equity-settled award are modified, as a minimum an expense is
      recognized as if the terms had not been modified, if the original terms of the award are met. In
      addition, an expense is recognized for any modification that increases the total fair value of the
      share-based payments, or is otherwise beneficial to the employee as measured at the date of
      modification.

      Where an equity-settled award is cancelled, it is treated as if it had vested on the date of
      cancellation, and any expense not yet recognized for the award is recognized immediately. This
      includes any award where non-vesting conditions within the control of either the Group or the
      employee are not met. However, if a new award is substituted for the cancelled award, and is
      designated as a replacement award on the date that it is granted, the cancelled and new
      awards are treated as if they were a modification of the original award, as described in the
      previous paragraph.

      The dilutive effect of outstanding options is reflected as additional share dilution in the
      computation of earnings per share.

      Other employee benefits

      Pension schemes

      The Group operates a defined contribution Mandatory Provident Fund retirement benefit scheme
      (the “MPF Scheme”) under the Mandatory Provident Fund Schemes Ordinance for those eligible
      Hong Kong employees. Contributions are made based on a percentage of the employees’ basic
      salaries and are charged to the statement of profit or loss as they become payable in
      accordance with the rules of the MPF Scheme. The assets of the MPF Scheme are held
      separately from those of the Group in an independently administered fund. The Group’s
      employer contributions vest fully with the employees when contributed into the MPF Scheme.

      Full-time employees of the Group’s subsidiaries which operate in Chinese Mainland are required
      to participate in a defined contribution scheme operated by the local municipal government.
      These subsidiaries are required to contribute a certain percentage of their payroll costs to the
      defined contribution scheme which includes pension, medical care, unemployment insurance,
      employee housing fund and other welfare. The contributions are charged to the statement of
      profit or loss as they become payable in accordance with the rules of the defined contribution
      scheme. The Group has no legal obligation for the benefits beyond the contributions made.




156     ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2024 Fiscal Year Annual Report
                           NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                             March 31, 2024

2.4 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
  Dividends

  Final dividends are recognized as a liability when they are approved by the shareholders in a
  general meeting. Proposed final dividends are disclosed in the notes to the financial
  statements.

  Interim dividends are simultaneously proposed and declared, because the Company’s
  memorandum and articles of association grant the directors the authority to declare interim
  dividends. Consequently, interim dividends are recognized immediately as a liability when they
  are proposed and declared.

  Foreign currencies

  The Company’s functional currency is Hong Kong dollar (“HK$”), while these financial
  statements are presented in RMB. Each entity in the Group determines its own functional
  currency and items included in the financial statements of each entity are measured using that
  functional currency. Foreign currency transactions recorded by the entities in the Group are
  initially recorded using their respective functional currency rates prevailing at the dates of the
  transactions. Monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies are translated at
  the functional currency rates of exchange ruling at the end of the reporting period. Differences
  arising on settlement or translation of monetary items are recognized in the statement of profit
  or loss.

  Non-monetary items that are measured in terms of historical cost in a foreign currency are
  translated using the exchange rates at the dates of the initial transactions. Non-monetary items
  measured at fair value in a foreign currency are translated using the exchange rates at the date
  when the fair value was measured. The gain or loss arising on translation of a non-monetary
  item measured at fair value is treated in line with the recognition of the gain or loss on change
  in fair value of the item (i.e., translation difference on the item whose fair value gain or loss is
  recognized in other comprehensive income or profit or loss is also recognized in other
  comprehensive income or profit or loss, respectively).

  In determining the exchange rate on initial recognition of the related asset, expense or income
  on the derecognition of a non-monetary asset or non-monetary liability relating to an advance
  consideration, the date of initial transaction is the date on which the Group initially recognizes
  the non-monetary asset or non-monetary liability arising from the advance consideration. If
  there are multiple payments or receipts in advance, the Group determines the transaction date
  for each payment or receipt of the advance consideration.




                                       ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2024 Fiscal Year Annual Report   157
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
March 31, 2024

2.4 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
      Foreign currencies (Continued)

      The functional currencies of certain subsidiaries not operating in Chinese Mainland are
      currencies other than the RMB. As at the end of the reporting period, the assets and liabilities of
      these entities are translated into RMB at the exchange rates prevailing at the end of the
      reporting period and their statements of profit or loss are translated into RMB at the weighted
      average exchange rates for the year.

      The resulting exchange differences are recognized in other comprehensive income and
      accumulated in the exchange fluctuation reserve, except to the extent that the differences are
      attributable to non-controlling interests. On disposal of a subsidiary not operating in Chinese
      Mainland, the cumulative amount in the reserve relating to that particular subsidiary not
      operating in Chinese Mainland is recognized in the statement of profit or loss.

      Any goodwill arising on the acquisition of a subsidiary not operating in Chinese Mainland and
      any fair value adjustments to the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities arising on acquisition
      are treated as assets and liabilities of the foreign operation and translated at the closing rate.

      For the purpose of the consolidated statement of cash flows, the cash flows of subsidiaries not
      operating in Chinese Mainland are translated into RMB at the exchange rates ruling at the dates
      of the cash flows. Frequently recurring cash flows of subsidiaries not operating in Chinese
      Mainland which arise throughout the year are translated into RMB at the weighted average
      exchange rates for the year.


3. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENTS AND ESTIMATES
      The preparation of the Group’s financial statements requires management to make judgements,
      estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of revenues, expenses, assets and
      liabilities, and their accompanying disclosures, and the disclosure of contingent liabilities.
      Uncertainty about these assumptions and estimates could result in outcomes that could require
      a material adjustment to the carrying amounts of the assets or liabilities affected in the future.




158     ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2024 Fiscal Year Annual Report
                           NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                              March 31, 2024

3. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENTS AND ESTIMATES
   (CONTINUED)
  Judgements

  In the process of applying the Group’s accounting policies, management has made the
  following judgements, apart from those involving estimations, which have the most significant
  effect on the amounts recognized in the financial statements:

  Accounting for companies governed under contractual arrangements as subsidiaries

  The Company and some of its subsidiaries do not hold any equity interests in certain of their
  subsidiaries. Nevertheless, under the contractual agreements entered into between the Group
  and the shareholders who are the registered owners of those subsidiaries, the directors of the
  Company determine that the Group has the power to govern the financial and operating policies
  of those subsidiaries so as to obtain benefits from their activities. As such, those subsidiaries are
  accounted for as subsidiaries of the Group for accounting purposes.

  Principal versus agent considerations

  In determining whether the Group is acting as a principal or as an agent in the sales of goods
  and provision of services, requires judgement and consideration of all relevant facts and
  circumstances. In evaluation of the Group acting as a principal or an agent, the Group considers
  whether it obtains control of the good or service before that good or service is transferred to a
  customer, including whether the Group is primarily responsible for fulfilling the promise to
  provide the specified good or service, has inventory risk before the specified good or service has
  been transferred to a customer or after transfer of control to the customer (for example, if the
  customer has a right of return), has discretion in establishing the price for the specified good or
  service.

  Estimation uncertainty

  The key assumptions concerning the future and other key sources of estimation uncertainty at
  the end of the reporting period, that have a significant risk of causing a material adjustment to
  the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities within the next financial year, are described below.

  Impairment of goodwill

  The Group determines whether goodwill is impaired at least on an annual basis. This requires
  an estimation of the value in use of the CGUs to which the goodwill is allocated. Estimating the
  value in use requires the Group to make an estimate of the expected future cash flows from the
  CGUs and also to choose a suitable discount rate in order to calculate the present value of those
  cash flows. The carrying amount of goodwill at March 31, 2024 was RMB810,853,000 (2023:
  RMB810,853,000). Further details are given in note 14 to the financial statements.




                                        ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2024 Fiscal Year Annual Report   159
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
March 31, 2024

3. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENTS AND ESTIMATES
   (CONTINUED)
      Estimation uncertainty (Continued)

      Provision for expected credit losses on trade receivables

      The Group uses a provision matrix to calculate ECLs for trade receivables. The provision rates are
      based on ageing for groupings of various customers that have similar loss patterns (i.e., by
      customer type).

      The provision matrix is initially based on the Group’s historical observed default rates. The Group
      will calibrate the matrix to adjust the historical credit loss experience with forward-looking
      information. For instance, if forecast economic conditions (i.e., gross domestic product) are
      expected to deteriorate over the next year which can lead to an increased number of defaults in
      the pharmaceutical and healthcare businesses, the historical default rates are adjusted. At each
      reporting date, the historical observed default rates are updated and changes in the
      forward-looking estimates are analyzed.

      The assessment of the correlation among historical observed default rates, forecast economic
      conditions and ECLs is a significant estimate. The amount of ECLs is sensitive to changes in
      circumstances and forecast economic conditions. The Group’s historical credit loss experience
      and forecast of economic conditions may also not be representative of a customer’s actual
      default in the future. The information about the ECLs on the Group’s trade receivables is
      disclosed in note 19 to the financial statements.

      Fair value of financial instruments at FVPL or FVOCI

      The investments in unlisted equity investments have been valued based on a market-based
      valuation technique as detailed in note 35 to the financial statements. The valuation requires the
      Group to determine the comparable public companies (peers) and select the price multiple. In
      addition, the Group makes estimates about the discount for illiquidity. The Group classifies the
      fair value of these investments as Level 3. The fair value of the unlisted equity investments at
      March 31, 2024 was RMB1,669,657,000 (2023: RMB2,005,354,000). Further details are included in
      notes 22 and 23 to the financial statements.

      Deferred tax assets

      Deferred tax assets are recognized for unused tax losses to the extent that it is probable that
      taxable profit will be available against which the losses can be utilized. Significant management
      judgement is required to determine the amount of deferred tax assets that can be recognized,
      based upon the likely timing and level of future taxable profits together with future tax planning
      strategies.




160     ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2024 Fiscal Year Annual Report
                           NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                              March 31, 2024

3. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENTS AND ESTIMATES
   (CONTINUED)
  Estimation uncertainty (Continued)

  Impairment of inventories

  Management reviews the ageing and expiry dates of inventories of the Group at the end of each
  reporting period, and makes provision or write-off on obsolete and slow-moving inventory items
  identified that are no longer suitable for sale. Management estimates the net realizable value
  for such inventories based primarily on the available selling prices, estimated costs to be
  incurred to sale and current market conditions. If the market condition was to deteriorate so that
  the actual provision might be higher than expected, the Group would be required to revise the
  basis of making the provision and its future results would be affected.

  Impairment of investments in associates

  The Group assesses whether there are any indicators of impairment for investments in
  associates at the end of each reporting period. Investments in associates are tested for
  impairment when there are indicators that the carrying amounts may not be recoverable. An
  impairment exists when the carrying amount of an investment in an associate exceeds its
  recoverable amount, which is the higher of its fair value less costs of disposal and its value in
  use. The fair value is determined based on discounted cash flow method for unlisted associates
  or based on observable market prices for listed associates less incremental costs for disposing
  of the asset. When fair value or value in use is determined based on discounted cash flow
  method, management must estimate the expected future cash flows from the investments in
  associates and choose a suitable discount rate and perpetual growth rate in order to calculate
  the present value of those cash flows.

  Leases — estimating the incremental borrowing rate

  The Group cannot readily determine the interest rate implicit in a lease, and therefore, it uses an
  incremental borrowing rate (“IBR”) to measure lease liabilities. The IBR is the rate of interest that
  the Group would have to pay to borrow over a similar term, and with a similar security, the
  funds necessary to obtain an asset of a similar value to the right-of-use asset in a similar
  economic environment. The IBR therefore reflects what the Group “would have to pay”, which
  requires estimation when no observable rates are available (such as for subsidiaries that do not
  enter into financing transactions) or when it needs to be adjusted to reflect the terms and
  conditions of the lease (for example, when leases are not in the subsidiary’s functional
  currency). The Group estimates the IBR using observable inputs (such as market interest rates)
  when available and is required to make certain entity-specific estimates (such as the
  subsidiary’s stand-alone credit rating).




                                        ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2024 Fiscal Year Annual Report   161
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
March 31, 2024

4. OPERATING SEGMENT INFORMATION
      The Group is primarily engaged in the pharmaceutical direct sales business, pharmaceutical
      e-commerce platform business and healthcare and digital services business. Given that the chief
      operating decision maker of the Company considers that the Group’s business is operated and
      managed as a single segment of distribution and development of pharmaceutical and
      healthcare business, no further segment information is presented.

      Geographical information

      During the year ended March 31, 2024, over 95% (2023: 95%) of the Group’s revenue from
      external customers and non-current assets other than financial instruments and deferred tax
      assets as at March 31, 2024 attributed to Chinese Mainland as determined based on the
      locations of customers and assets, respectively.

      Information about a major customer

      During the year ended March 31, 2024, there was no revenue derived from transactions with a
      single external customer which amounted to 10% or more of the Group’s revenue (2023: Nil).


5. REVENUE, OTHER INCOME AND GAINS
      An analysis of revenue from contracts with customers is as follows:

                                                                                             2024          2023
                                                                                          RMB’000       RMB’000

      Pharmaceutical direct sales business                                               23,739,246   23,591,577
      Pharmaceutical e-commerce platform business                                         2,329,471    2,237,953
      Healthcare and digital services business                                              957,838      933,486


      Total                                                                              27,026,555   26,763,016




162     ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2024 Fiscal Year Annual Report
                            NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                               March 31, 2024

5. REVENUE, OTHER INCOME AND GAINS (CONTINUED)
  (i)   Disaggregated revenue information

                                                                                            2024                     2023
                                                                                         RMB’000                  RMB’000

        Types of goods or services:
          Sale of products                                                            22,561,428               22,578,076
          Provision of services                                                        4,465,127                4,184,940


        Total                                                                         27,026,555               26,763,016


        Timing of revenue recognition:
          At a point in time                                                          24,784,573               25,036,819
          Over time                                                                    2,241,982                1,726,197


        Total                                                                         27,026,555               26,763,016


        The following table shows the amounts of revenue recognized in the reporting period that
        were included in the contract liabilities at the beginning of the reporting period:

                                                                                            2024                     2023
                                                                                         RMB’000                  RMB’000

        Sale of products                                                                     4,078                    3,985
        Provision of services                                                              490,988                  256,693


        Total                                                                              495,066                  260,678




                                         ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2024 Fiscal Year Annual Report   163
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
March 31, 2024

5. REVENUE, OTHER INCOME AND GAINS (CONTINUED)
      (ii) Performance obligations

          Information about the Group’s performance obligations is summarized below:

          Sale of products

          The performance obligation is satisfied upon delivery of the pharmaceutical and healthcare
          products. For B2C pharmacy sales, payment is received from the payment platform, i.e.
          Alipay.com Co., Ltd. (支付寶（中國）網絡技術有限公司) (“Alipay”), when the receipt of goods is
          confirmed by customers or by the payment platform automatically within a pre-specified
          period of time after delivery. For B2B pharmacy sales, payment is generally due within 30 to
          90 days, except for new customers, where payment in advance is normally required. Some
          contracts provide customers with a right of return which gives rise to variable consideration
          subject to constraint.

          Provision of services

          The performance obligation is satisfied over time or at a point in time as marketing
          services, outsourced and value-added services, E-commerce platform services and
          healthcare and digital services are rendered to Tmall Entities. Payment is generally received
          upon the completion of the underlying transactions, prior to the provision of services on a
          full prepayment basis, or due within 30 to 90 days.

          The Group has elected The practical expedient for not to disclose the remaining
          performance obligations because the performance obligations are part of contracts with
          original expected duration of one year or less (2023: one year or less).




164     ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2024 Fiscal Year Annual Report
                                  NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                                       March 31, 2024

5. REVENUE, OTHER INCOME AND GAINS (CONTINUED)
                                                                                                    2024                     2023
                                                                                                 RMB’000                  RMB’000

  Other income
  Bank interest income                                                                            477,266                  330,442
  Other interest income                                                                               764                    1,146
  Investment income from financial investments at
    fair value through profit or loss                                                                6,028                        —
  Government grants#                                                                                77,220                   83,033
  Dividend income from financial assets at fair value
    through profit or loss                                                                          24,500                            —
  Management fee income from a joint venture                                                        10,669                        9,452
  Others                                                                                             4,283                        6,681


  Total other income                                                                              600,730                  430,754


  Gains
  Foreign exchange differences, net                                                                   7,086                  72,064
  Fair value gains on financial assets at fair value
    through profit or loss                                                                               —                   47,917
  Gain on deemed disposal of associates                                                             18,066                   41,474
  Gain on partial disposal of an associate                                                          48,337                   22,847
  Gain on disposal of a joint venture                                                                   10                        —
  Gain on recognition of net investments in subleases                                                    —                    2,649
  Covid-19-related rent concessions from lessors                                                         —                      299
  Gain on disposal of property and equipment                                                           526                       65


  Total gains                                                                                       74,025                 187,315


  Total other income and gains                                                                    674,755                  618,069

  #
      	Government grants mainly represented incentives received for investments in certain regions in Chinese Mainland in
        which the Company’s subsidiaries operate as well as additional value-added tax deductibles and other tax
        benefits.




                                                 ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2024 Fiscal Year Annual Report      165
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
March 31, 2024

6. PROFIT BEFORE TAX
      The Group’s profit before tax is arrived at after charging/(crediting):

                                                                                                        2024           2023
                                                                                            Notes    RMB’000        RMB’000

      Cost of goods sold*                                                                           18,974,776    18,814,630
      Cost of services provided*
        (excluding employee benefit expenses)                                                        2,026,106     2,031,341
      Depreciation of property and equipment                                                 12          6,929         9,514
      Depreciation of right-of-use assets                                                   13(a)       29,796        36,692
      Amortization of intangible assets                                                      15         16,957        17,513
      Lease payments not included in the measurement
        of lease liabilities                                                                13(c)       1,652         1,126
      Impairment of inventories*                                                                       88,478       159,591
      Impairment losses of financial assets, net**:
        Impairment of trade receivables                                                      19          5,143        1,824
        Impairment of other receivables                                                      20              —       11,518
        Impairment of loan to a joint venture, net                                           16         (2,500)           —


      Total                                                                                              2,643       13,342


      Fair value loss on contingent consideration included
        in other payables and accruals**                                                                 8,457       19,811
      Fair value losses on financial assets at fair value
        through profit or loss**                                                                      349,854              —
      Loss on revision of lease terms arising from changes
        in the non-cancellable periods of leases**                                          13(c)          732          3,167
      Loss on deregistration of subsidiaries**                                                               —          1,308
      Auditor’s remuneration                                                                             4,130          3,980
      Employee benefit expense (including directors’ and
        chief executive’s remuneration):
        Wages and salaries                                                                            609,566       658,918
        Performance-related bonuses                                                                   166,564       202,085
        Share-based compensation expenses                                                    29       266,059       308,890
        Pension scheme contributions#                                                                  55,069        53,151


      Total                                                                                          1,097,258     1,223,044

      *      These items are included in “Cost of sales” in the consolidated statement of profit or loss.

      **     These items are included in “Other expenses and losses” in the consolidated statement of profit or loss.

      #
             There are no forfeited contributions that may be used by the Group as the employer to reduce the existing level of
             contributions.



166        ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2024 Fiscal Year Annual Report
                          NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                            March 31, 2024

7. DIRECTORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S REMUNERATION
  Directors’ and chief executive’s remuneration for the year, disclosed pursuant to the Rules
  Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange (the “Listing Rules”), section 383(1)
  (a), (b), (c) and (f) of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance and Part 2 of the Companies
  (Disclosure of Information about Benefits of Directors) Regulation, is as follows:

                                                                                         2024                     2023
                                                                                      RMB’000                  RMB’000

  Fees                                                                                     1,395                       1,269


  Other emoluments:
    Salaries, allowances and benefits in kind                                             5,046                    4,753
    Performance related bonuses                                                           4,288                    5,093
    Share-based compensation expenses                                                    21,644                   10,966
    Pension scheme contributions                                                            174                      162


    Subtotal                                                                             31,152                   20,974


  Total                                                                                  32,547                   22,243


  During the year ended March 31, 2024, three directors (2023: three) of the Company were
  granted share options and RSUs, in respect of their services to the Group, under the share
  award scheme of the Company, further details of which are set out in note 29 to the financial
  statements. The fair values of such options and RSUs, which have been recognized in the
  consolidated statement of profit or loss over the vesting period, were determined as at the date
  of grant and the amounts included in the financial statements for the current and prior years
  are included in the above directors’ and chief executive’s remuneration disclosures.




                                      ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2024 Fiscal Year Annual Report      167
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
March 31, 2024

7. DIRECTORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S REMUNERATION
   (CONTINUED)
      (a) Independent non-executive directors

          The fees paid to independent non-executive directors during the year were as follows:

                                                                                            2024               2023
                                                                                         RMB’000            RMB’000

          Mr. Wong King On, Samuel*                                                           268                 609
          Mr. Luo Tong*                                                                       145                 330
          Ms. Huang Yi Fei                                                                    348                 330
          Dr. Shao Rong*                                                                      223                   —
          Ms. Wu May Yihong*                                                                  411                   —


          Total                                                                             1,395              1,269

          *      Mr. Wong King On, Samuel and Mr. Luo Tong retired as independent non-executive directors of the Company
                 on August 11, 2023. Dr. Shao Rong and Ms. Wu May Yihong were appointed as independent non-executive
                 directors of the Company with the effect from August 11, 2023.


          There were no other emoluments payable to the independent non-executive directors during
          the year (2023: Nil).




168     ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2024 Fiscal Year Annual Report
                                 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                                      March 31, 2024

7. DIRECTORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S REMUNERATION
   (CONTINUED)
  (b) Executive directors and non-executive directors

                                                   Salaries,
                                                allowances       Performance       Share-based            Pension
                                               and benefits           related     compensation             scheme             Total
                                       Fees         in kind          bonuses          expenses       contributions     remuneration
                                    RMB’000        RMB’000           RMB’000           RMB’000            RMB’000          RMB’000


      2024
      Executive directors:
         Mr. Zhu Shunyan#                 —            2,197             2,168            14,574                 64             19,003
          Mr. Shen Difan#                 —            1,717             1,435             3,621                 41              6,814
          Mr. Tu Yanwu                    —            1,132               685             3,449                 69              5,335


                                          —            5,046             4,288            21,644                174             31,152


      Non-executive directors:
        Ms. Huang Jiaojiao^               —                —                  —                 —                 —                 —
        Mr. Xu Haipeng^                   —                —                  —                 —                 —                 —
        Mr. Li Faguang^                   —                —                  —                 —                 —                 —


                                          —                —                  —                 —                 —                 —


      2023
      Executive directors:
         Mr. Zhu Shunyan#                 —            2,175             2,668              6,422                60             11,325
         Mr. Shen Difan#                  —            1,475             1,715              3,178                38              6,406
         Mr. Tu Yanwu                     —            1,103               710              1,366                64              3,243


                                          —            4,753             5,093             10,966               162             20,974


      Non-executive directors:
        Mr. Li Faguang^                   —                —                  —                 —                 —                 —


                                          —                —                  —                 —                 —                 —

      #
             Mr. Zhu Shunyan resigned as the Chief Executive Officer of the Company on November 28, 2023. Mr. Shen Difan
             was appointed as the Chief Executive Officer of the Company with the effect from November 28, 2023.

      ^      Mr. Li Faguang resigned as a non-executive director with the effect from May 15, 2023. Ms. Huang Jiaojiao was
             appointed as a non-executive director of the Company with the effect from May 15, 2023. Mr. Xu Haipeng
             was appointed as a non-executive director of the Company with the effect from October 19, 2023.

      During the year ended March 31, 2024, there was no (2023: no) arrangement under which a
      director waived or agreed to waive any remuneration and no remuneration was paid by the
      Group to a director as an inducement to join or upon joining the Group or as compensation
      for loss of office.


                                               ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2024 Fiscal Year Annual Report     169
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
March 31, 2024

8. FIVE HIGHEST PAID EMPLOYEES
      The five highest paid employees during the year included two (2023: two) directors, details of
      whose remuneration are set out in note 7 above. Details of the remuneration for the year of the
      remaining three (2023: three) non-directors, highest paid employees who are neither a director
      nor chief executive of the Company are as follows:

                                                                                            2024          2023
                                                                                         RMB’000       RMB’000

      Salaries, allowances and benefits in kind                                             4,063         4,223
      Performance related bonuses                                                           1,813         2,502
      Share-based compensation expenses                                                    17,128         8,232
      Pension scheme contributions                                                            144           180


      Total                                                                                23,148        15,137


      The number of non-director, highest paid employees whose remuneration fell within the
      following bands is as follows:

                                                                                         Number of employees


      HK$4,500,001 to HK$5,000,000                                                              —              1
      HK$6,000,001 to HK$6,500,000                                                              —              1
      HK$7,000,001 to HK$7,500,000                                                              1              1
      HK$7,500,001 to HK$8,000,000                                                              1              —
      HK$10,000,001 to HK$10,500,000                                                            1              —


      Total                                                                                     3              3


      During the years ended March 31, 2024 and March 31, 2023, share options and RSUs were
      granted to non-director and non-chief executive highest paid employees in respect of their
      services to the Group, further details of which are included in the disclosures in note 29 to the
      financial statements. The fair values of such options and RSUs, which have been recognized in
      the statement of profit or loss over the vesting period, were determined as at the date of grant
      and the amounts included in the financial statements for the current and prior years are
      included in the above non-director and non-chief executive highest paid employees’
      remuneration disclosures.




170     ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2024 Fiscal Year Annual Report
                          NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                            March 31, 2024

9. INCOME TAX
                                                                                         2024                     2023
                                                                                      RMB’000                  RMB’000
                                                                                                             (Restated)


  Current — Hong Kong
    Charge for the year                                                                          —                     704
    Underprovision/(overprovision) in prior years                                               (5)                     65
  Current — Chinese Mainland
    Charge for the year                                                                  84,648                   29,225
    Underprovision in prior years                                                             —                    1,201
  Deferred (note 27)                                                                    (28,380)                 (16,710)


  Total tax charge for the year                                                          56,263                   14,485


  Hong Kong profits tax has been provided at the rate of 16.5% (2023: 16.5%) on the estimated
  assessable profits arising in Hong Kong during the year.

  In Chinese Mainland, the companies are subject to the PRC corporate income tax rate of 25%,
  except for two (2023: two) PRC subsidiaries which are entitled to a preferential tax rate of 15%
  because they are accredited as High and New Technology Enterprises.

  No tax attributable to joint ventures was included in “Share of profits of joint ventures” in the
  consolidated statement of profit or loss (2023: Nil).

  The share of tax charge attributable to associates of approximately RMB6,342,000 (2023:
  RMB4,695,000) is included in “Share of profits or loss of associates” in the consolidated
  statement of profit or loss.




                                      ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2024 Fiscal Year Annual Report    171
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
March 31, 2024

9. INCOME TAX (CONTINUED)
      A reconciliation of the tax expense applicable to profit before tax at the statutory rate for the
      jurisdictions in which the Company and the majority of its subsidiaries are domiciled to the tax
      expense at the effective tax rate, and a reconciliation of the applicable rate (i.e., the statutory
      tax rate) to the effective tax rate, are as follows:

      2024

                                                                  Hong Kong                 Chinese Mainland              Total
                                                               RMB’000                %    RMB’000           %      RMB’000            %


      Profit before tax                                          73,445                     865,954                  939,399


      Tax at the statutory tax rate                              12,118            16.5     216,295        25.0      228,413        24.3
      Effect of preferential tax treatment enacted
         by local authority                                             —             —      (42,360)       (4.9)     (42,360)       (4.5)
      Adjustments in respect of current tax of
         previous periods                                              (5)            —            —          —            (5)         —
      Non-deductible expenses and non-taxable
         income, net                                            (22,528)          (30.7)      23,068         2.7          540         0.1
      Research and development super deduction                        —               —      (48,780)       (5.6)     (48,780)       (5.2)
      Tax losses recognized/utilized from previous
         periods                                                        —             —    (120,847)       (14.0)   (120,847)       (12.9)
      Tax losses and deductible temporary
         differences not recognized                               6,169             8.4      17,401          2.0      23,570          2.5
      Withholding tax in the PRC                                 15,732            21.4           —            —      15,732          1.7


      Tax charge at the Group’s effective rate                   11,486            15.6      44,777          5.2      56,263          6.0


      2023

                                                                  Hong Kong                   Chinese Mainland              Total
                                                               RMB’000                %      RMB’000           %      RMB’000          %
                                                                                           (Restated) (Restated)    (Restated) (Restated)


      Profit before tax                                           85,871                     465,123                  550,994


      Tax at the statutory tax rate                               14,169           16.5      116,281        25.0      130,450        23.7
      Effect of preferential tax treatment enacted
         by local authority                                             —             —      (57,672)      (12.4)     (57,672)      (10.5)
      Adjustments in respect of current tax of
         previous periods                                             65            0.1        1,201         0.2        1,266         0.2
      Non-deductible expenses and non-taxable
         income, net                                             (14,145)         (16.5)       8,355         1.8       (5,790)       (1.1)
      Research and development super deduction                         —              —      (47,021)      (10.1)     (47,021)       (8.5)
      Tax losses recognized/utilized from previous
         periods                                                        —             —      (95,766)      (20.6)     (95,766)      (17.3)
      Tax losses and deductible temporary
         differences not recognized                                3,309            3.8       73,968        15.9       77,277        14.0
      Withholding tax in the PRC                                  11,741           13.7            —           —       11,741         2.1


      Tax charge at the Group’s effective rate                    15,139           17.6         (654)       (0.2)      14,485         2.6



172      ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2024 Fiscal Year Annual Report
                           NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                             March 31, 2024

10. EARNINGS PER SHARE ATTRIBUTABLE TO ORDINARY EQUITY
    HOLDERS OF THE PARENT
  The calculation of the basic earnings per share amount is based on the profit for the year
  attributable to owners of the parent of RMB883,477,000 (2023: RMB535,653,000 (restated)), and
  the weighted average number of ordinary shares of 14,044,082,144 in issue during the year
  (2023: 13,503,050,886).

  The calculation of the diluted earnings per share amounts is based on the profit for the year
  attributable to ordinary equity holders of the parent. The weighted average number of ordinary
  shares used in the calculation is the number of ordinary shares in issue during the year, as used
  in the basic earnings per share calculation, and the weighted average number of ordinary
  shares assumed to have been issued at no consideration on the deemed exercise of all dilutive
  potential ordinary shares into ordinary shares.

  The calculations of basic and diluted earnings per share are based on:

                                                                                       2024                        2023
                                                                                    RMB’000                     RMB’000
                                                                                                              (Restated)


  Earnings
  Profit attributable to ordinary equity holders of the parent,
    used in the basic earnings per share calculation                                 883,477                      535,653


                                                                                      Number of shares
                                                                                          2024                          2023


  Shares
  Weighted average number of ordinary shares in issue
    during the year used in the basic earnings per share
    calculation                                                           14,044,082,144               13,503,050,886

  Effect of dilution — weighted average number of ordinary
    shares:
    Share options                                                                   327,131                     665,770
    Restricted share units                                                       46,283,396                  37,862,990


  Total                                                                   14,090,692,671               13,541,579,646




                                       ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2024 Fiscal Year Annual Report     173
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
March 31, 2024

11. DIVIDENDS
      The board does not recommend the payment of dividend for the year ended March 31, 2024
      (2023: Nil).


12. PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT
                                                                                    Computer
                                                                                  equipment,
                                                           Leasehold            furniture and          Motor
                                                        improvements                  fixtures       vehicles      Total
                                                             RMB’000                 RMB’000        RMB’000     RMB’000

      March 31, 2024

      At April 1, 2023:
        Cost                                                      25,094                  71,140         307      96,541
        Accumulated depreciation                                 (18,409)                (63,590)       (307)    (82,306)


        Net carrying amount                                         6,685                 7,550            —     14,235


      Cost at April 1, 2023, net of
        accumulated depreciation                                    6,685                 7,550            —     14,235
      Additions                                                       216                28,276            —     28,492
      Disposals                                                      (133)                  (89)           —       (222)
      Depreciation provided during the
        year (note 6)                                              (1,119)                (5,810)          —      (6,929)


      Cost at March 31, 2024, net of
        accumulated depreciation                                    5,649                29,927            —     35,576


      At March 31, 2024:
        Cost                                                      24,882                  81,602         307    106,791
        Accumulated depreciation                                 (19,233)                (51,675)       (307)   (71,215)


        Net carrying amount                                         5,649                29,927            —     35,576




174     ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2024 Fiscal Year Annual Report
                            NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                                March 31, 2024

12. PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT (CONTINUED)
                                                                     Computer
                                                                   equipment,
                                             Leasehold           furniture and                   Motor
                                          improvements                  fixtures               vehicles                 Total
                                               RMB’000                RMB’000                 RMB’000                RMB’000

  March 31, 2023

  At April 1, 2022:
    Cost                                          25,343                 74,493                     307               100,143
    Accumulated depreciation                     (15,340)               (64,320)                   (307)              (79,967)


    Net carrying amount                           10,003                 10,173                        —               20,176


  Cost at April 1, 2022, net of
    accumulated depreciation                      10,003                 10,173                        —               20,176
  Additions                                        2,051                  3,561                        —                5,612
  Disposals                                         (250)                   (98)                       —                 (348)
  Deregistration of subsidiaries                  (1,218)                  (473)                       —               (1,691)
  Depreciation provided during the year
    (note 6)                                       (3,901)                (5,613)                      —                   (9,514)


  Cost at March 31, 2023, net of
    accumulated depreciation                        6,685                  7,550                       —               14,235


  At March 31, 2023:
    Cost                                          25,094                 71,140                     307                96,541
    Accumulated depreciation                     (18,409)               (63,590)                   (307)              (82,306)


    Net carrying amount                             6,685                  7,550                       —               14,235




                                          ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2024 Fiscal Year Annual Report       175
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
March 31, 2024

13. LEASES
      The Group as a lessee

      The Group has lease contracts for various buildings for retail outlets, offices, staff dormitories
      and warehouses used in its operations, and the lease terms ranged from one year to nine
      years.

      (a) Right-of-use assets

          The carrying amounts of the Group’s right-of-use assets, i.e., buildings, and the movements
          during the year are as follows:

                                                                                            2024        2023
                                                                                         RMB’000     RMB’000

          Carrying amount at April 1                                                      54,313     144,930
          Additions                                                                       51,308      14,527
          Transfer to net investments in subleases                                             —     (36,027)
          Revision of lease terms arising from changes in the
            non-cancellable periods of leases                                              (7,734)    (32,425)
          Depreciation charge                                                             (29,796)    (36,692)


          Carrying amount at March 31                                                     68,091      54,313




176     ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2024 Fiscal Year Annual Report
                            NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                             March 31, 2024

13. LEASES (CONTINUED)
  The Group as a lessee (Continued)

  (b) Lease liabilities

      The carrying amount of lease liabilities and the movements during the year are as follows:

                                                                                          2024                     2023
                                                                                       RMB’000                  RMB’000

      Carrying amount at April 1                                                          77,798                  135,414
      New leases                                                                          51,308                   14,527
      Accretion of interest recognized during the year                                     5,969                    5,833
      Covid-19-related rent concessions from lessors                                           —                     (299)
      Payments                                                                           (45,903)                 (48,419)
      Revision of lease terms arising from changes in the
        non-cancellable periods of leases                                                  (7,002)                (29,258)


      Carrying amount at March 31                                                         82,170                   77,798


      Analyzed into:
        Current portion
          Repayable within one year                                                       34,194                   37,437


        Non-current portion
         Repayable in the second year                                                     20,828                   29,196
         Repayable in the third to fifth years, inclusive                                 26,810                   10,455
         Repayable beyond five years                                                         338                      710


        Total non-current portion                                                         47,976                   40,361


      Total lease liabilities                                                             82,170                   77,798


      The maturity analysis of lease liabilities based on the contractual undiscounted payments is
      disclosed in note 36 to the financial statements.

      The Group applied the practical expedient to all eligible covid-19-related rent concessions
      granted by the lessors during the year ended March 31, 2023.




                                       ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2024 Fiscal Year Annual Report   177
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
March 31, 2024

13. LEASES (CONTINUED)
      The Group as a lessee (Continued)

      (c) The amounts charged/(credited) to profit or loss in relation to leases are as follows:

                                                                                            2024      2023
                                                                                         RMB’000   RMB’000

          Interest on lease liabilities                                                    5,969     5,833
          Depreciation charge of right-of-use assets                                      29,796    36,692
          Loss on revision of lease terms arising from changes
            in the non-cancellable periods of leases                                         732      3,167
          Gain on recognition of net investments in subleases                                  —     (2,649)
          Expense relating to short-term leases                                            1,652      1,126
          Covid-19-related rent concessions from lessors                                       —       (299)


          Total amount charged/(credited) to in profit or loss                            38,149    43,870


      (d) The total cash outflow for leases is disclosed in note 32(c) to the financial statements.




178     ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2024 Fiscal Year Annual Report
                          NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                            March 31, 2024

13. LEASES (CONTINUED)
  The Group as a lessor

  The Group subleases certain of its buildings under finance lease arrangements. The terms of the
  subleases generally require the tenants to pay security deposits and provide for periodic rent
  adjustments.

  The undiscounted lease payments receivable by the Group in future periods under
  non-cancellable operating leases with its tenants and their present value as included in other
  receivables at the end of the reporting periods are as follows:

                                                                                         2024                     2023
                                                                                      RMB’000                  RMB’000

  Undiscounted amount receivable:
    Within one year                                                                      10,822                   11,344
    In the second year                                                                        —                   13,634


  Total undiscounted lease payments                                                      10,822                   24,978

  Future unearned finance income                                                             (195)                     (959)


  Total finance lease receivables                                                        10,627                   24,019


  Analyzed into:
    Current portion                                                                      10,627                   11,344
    Non-current portion                                                                       —                   12,675


14. GOODWILL
                                                                                         2024                     2023
                                                                                      RMB’000                  RMB’000

  Cost and net carrying amount at April 1 and March 31                                  810,853                  810,853


  There was no accumulated impairment of goodwill at March 31, 2024 (2023: Nil).




                                      ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2024 Fiscal Year Annual Report     179
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
March 31, 2024

14. GOODWILL (CONTINUED)
      Impairment testing of goodwill

      Goodwill acquired through business combinations is allocated to the following CGUs for
      impairment testing:

      •     B2C and related business;

      •     B2B business; and

      •     Healthcare and digital services business.

      B2C and related business CGU

      The recoverable amount of this CGU has been determined based on a value in use calculation
      using cash flow projections based on financial budgets covering a five-year period. The discount
      rate applied to the cash flow projections is 15% (2023: 15%). The growth rate used to
      extrapolate the cash flows beyond the five-year period is 3% (2023: 3%), which approximates
      the long term average growth rate of the relevant business in Chinese Mainland.

      B2B business CGU

      The recoverable amount of this CGU was determined based on a value in use calculation using
      cash flow projections based on financial budgets covering a five-year period. The discount rate
      applied to the cash flow projections is 20% (2023: 20%). The growth rate used to extrapolate the
      cash flows beyond the five-year period is 3% (2023: 3%), which approximates the long term
      average growth rate of the relevant business in Chinese Mainland.

      Healthcare and digital services related business CGU

      The recoverable amount of this CGU was determined based on a value in use calculation using
      cash flow projections based on financial budgets covering an eight-year period (2023: nine-year
      period), because a longer forecast period is required for the relevant business currently at early
      stage to become stabilized. The discount rate applied to the cash flow projections is 15% (2023:
      15%). The growth rate used to extrapolate the cash flows beyond the nine-year period is 3%
      (2023: 3%), which approximates the long term average growth rate of the relevant business in
      Chinese Mainland.




180       ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2024 Fiscal Year Annual Report
                          NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                            March 31, 2024

14. GOODWILL (CONTINUED)
  Impairment testing of goodwill (Continued)

  Healthcare and digital services related business CGU (Continued)

  The carrying amount of goodwill allocated to each of the CGUs is as follows:

                                                                                         2024                     2023
                                                                                      RMB’000                  RMB’000

  B2C and related business CGU                                                           51,019                   51,019
  B2B business CGU                                                                        5,516                    5,516
  Healthcare and digital services related business CGU                                  754,318                  754,318


  Carrying amount of goodwill at March 31                                               810,853                  810,853


  Assumptions were used in the value in use calculation of the B2C and related business CGU, B2B
  business CGU and healthcare and digital services related business CGU. The following describes
  each key assumption on which management has based its cash flow projections to undertake
  impairment testing of goodwill:

  Expected revenue growth rates — The expected revenue growth rates are following the business
  plan approved by the group management. Management leveraged their experiences in the
  industries and provided forecast based on past performance and their anticipation of future
  business and market developments.

  Budgeted gross margins — The basis used to determine the value assigned to the budgeted
  gross margins is the average gross margins achieved in the year immediately before the budget
  year, increased for expected efficiency improvements, and expected market development.

  Discount rates — The discount rates used are after tax and reflect specific risks relating to the
  relevant units.

  Growth rates — The growth rates used to extrapolate the cash flows at the perpetual growth
  stage are based on the estimated growth rate of each unit taking into account the long term
  average growth rate of the relevant business in Chinese Mainland.




                                      ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2024 Fiscal Year Annual Report   181
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
March 31, 2024

15. OTHER INTANGIBLE ASSETS
                                                                                  Patents and
                                                                                      licences     Brand name       Total
                                                                                      RMB’000          RMB’000    RMB’000

      March 31, 2024

      At April 1, 2023:
        Cost                                                                              6,918        335,000    341,918
        Accumulated amortization                                                         (6,387)       (26,521)   (32,908)

        Net carrying amount                                                                531         308,479    309,010

      Cost at April 1, 2023, net of accumulated
        amortization                                                                       531         308,479    309,010
      Additions                                                                              6               —          6
      Amortization provided during the year                                               (207)        (16,750)   (16,957)
      Exchange realignment                                                                  10               —         10

      Cost at March 31, 2024, net of accumulated
        amortization                                                                       340         291,729    292,069

      At March 31, 2024:
        Cost                                                                              6,868        335,000    341,868
        Accumulated amortization                                                         (6,528)       (43,271)   (49,799)

        Net carrying amount                                                                340         291,729    292,069

      March 31, 2023

      At April 1, 2022:
        Cost                                                                              6,610        335,000    341,610
        Accumulated amortization                                                         (5,624)        (9,771)   (15,395)

        Net carrying amount                                                                986         325,229    326,215

      Cost at April 1, 2022, net of accumulated
        amortization                                                                        986        325,229    326,215
      Additions                                                                             308              —        308
      Amortization provided during the year                                                (763)       (16,750)   (17,513)

      Cost at March 31, 2023, net of accumulated
        amortization                                                                       531         308,479    309,010

      At March 31, 2023:
        Cost                                                                              6,918        335,000    341,918
        Accumulated amortization                                                         (6,387)       (26,521)   (32,908)

        Net carrying amount                                                                531         308,479    309,010



182     ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2024 Fiscal Year Annual Report
                                       NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                                               March 31, 2024

16. INVESTMENTS IN JOINT VENTURES
                                                                                                            2024                     2023
                                                                                                         RMB’000                  RMB’000

  Share of net assets                                                                                      250,480                  249,441
  Loans to a joint venture                                                                                       —                    2,500
  Impairment                                                                                                     —                   (2,500)


  Total                                                                                                    250,480                  249,441


  The Group’s short-term advances received from a joint venture are disclosed in note 25 to the
  financial statements.

  Particulars of the Group’s joint ventures at the end of the reporting period are as follows:

                                                                     Place of            Percentage of ownership
                                             Particulars of          registration and      interest attributable
      Name                                   capital held            business                  to the Group^     Principal activities
                                                                                               2024            2023


      浙江扁鵲健康科技有限公司                           Registered capital of   PRC/Chinese                   —             45   Health related data
       (Zhejiang Bian Que Health Data          RMB1 each               Mainland                                         services
       Technology Company Limited @)
       (“Zhejiang Bian Que”)


      江蘇紫金弘雲健康產業投資合夥企業                      Registered capital of    PRC/Chinese              13.72           13.72   Investment management
       (有限合夥) (Jiangsu Zijin Hongyun          RMB1 each                Mainland
       Health Industry Investment
       Partnership (Limited Partnership) @)
       (“Jiangsu Zijin”)


  @
           For identification purposes only

  ^
           The percentage of ownership interest attributable to the Group is same as the percentage of voting power and profit
           sharing attributable to the Group.




                                                         ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2024 Fiscal Year Annual Report     183
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
March 31, 2024

16. INVESTMENTS IN JOINT VENTURES (CONTINUED)
      The Group’s joint ventures have a financial year ending December 31, and the financial
      statements for March 31 of these companies may not be available in a timely manner for the
      Group to apply the equity method, and therefore the Group elects to record its shares of the
      profits or losses of Zhejiang Bian Que and Jiangsu Zijin on a quarterly lag basis.

      The Group has discontinued the recognition of its share of loss of Zhejiang Bian Que because
      the share of loss of Zhejiang Bian Que exceeded the Group’s interest in Zhejiang Bian Que and
      the Group has no obligation to take up further losses. The Group disposed of its entire interest
      in Zhejiang Bian Que during the year ended March 31, 2024.

      The above joint ventures are indirectly held by the Company.

      The following table illustrates the aggregate financial information of the Group’s joint ventures
      that are not individually material:

                                                                                            2024        2023
                                                                                         RMB’000     RMB’000

      Share of the joint ventures’ profit and total comprehensive
        income for the year                                                                 1,039      48,981
      Aggregate carrying amount of the Group’s investments in the
        joint ventures                                                                    250,480     249,441


17. INVESTMENTS IN ASSOCIATES
                                                                                            2024        2023
                                                                                         RMB’000     RMB’000

      Share of net assets                                                                  994,390   1,018,301
      Goodwill on acquisition                                                            1,291,546   1,318,403


      Total                                                                              2,285,936   2,336,704




184     ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2024 Fiscal Year Annual Report
                                         NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                                            March 31, 2024

17. INVESTMENTS IN ASSOCIATES (CONTINUED)
  Particulars of the Group’s associates at the end of the reporting periods are as follows:

                                                               Place of            Percentage of ownership
                                          Particulars of       registration and      interest attributable
  Name                                    capital held         business                  to the Group      Principal activities
                                                                                         2024           2023


  東方口岸科技有限公司 (Dongfang                    Registered capital   PRC/Chinese                 30              30   Operation of platforms for
   Customs Technology Company               of RMB1 each         Mainland                                         electronic customs
   Limited)@ (“Dongfang Customs”)                                                                                 processing


  萬里雲醫療信息科技（北京）有限公司                       Registered capital   PRC/Chinese              23.28           23.28   Construction of medical
     (Wanliyun Medical Information           of RMB1 each         Mainland                                         platforms and provision of
     Technology (Beijing) Co., Ltd.)#@                                                                             related services
     (“Wanliyun”)


  深圳市巨鼎醫療股份有限公司                          Ordinary shares of    PRC/Chinese                 9.5            9.5   Provision of medical self-
   (Shenzhen Juding Medical Co.,Ltd.)#^@    RMB1 each            Mainland                                          service equipment and
   (“Shenzhen Juding”)                                                                                             smart healthcare solutions


  嘉和美康（北京）科技股份有限公司                        Ordinary shares of   PRC/Chinese                8.41          10.14   Provision of clinical
   (Jiahe Meikang (Beijing) Technology       RMB1 each           Mainland                                          information software
   Co., Ltd.)#^@ (“Jiahe Meikang”)                                                                                 products, infant medical
                                                                                                                   equipment and mobile
                                                                                                                   internet digitalised medical
                                                                                                                   information software
                                                                                                                   systems


  江蘇曼荼羅軟件股份有限公司                           Ordinary shares of   PRC/Chinese             10.183          10.283   Provision of software
   (Jiangsu Mandalat Software                RMB1 each           Mainland                                          development
   Company Limited)#^@ (“Mandalat”)


  安徽華人健康醫藥股份有限公司 (Anhui                   Ordinary shares of   PRC/Chinese                7.51           7.51   Pharmaceutical retail chain
   Huaren Health Pharmaceutical              RMB1 each           Mainland                                         business
   Co., Ltd.)#^@ (“Anhui Huaren”)


  漱玉平民大藥房連鎖股份有限公司                         Ordinary shares of   PRC/Chinese                8.41           8.41   Pharmaceutical retail chain
   (Shuyu Civilian Pharmacy                  RMB1 each           Mainland                                         business
   Corp., Ltd.)#^@ (“Shuyu Civilian”)


  德生堂醫藥股份有限公司                             Ordinary shares of   PRC/Chinese                   5              5 Pharmaceutical retail chain
   (Deshengtang Pharmaceutical               RMB1 each           Mainland                                       business
   Co., Ltd)#^@ (“Deshengtang”)


  來未來科技（浙江）有限公司                           Ordinary shares of   PRC/Chinese              24.17              26   Construction of intelligent
   (Laiweilai Technology (Zhejiang)          RMB1 each           Mainland                                         medical platform business
   Co., Ltd)#@ (“Laiweilai”)




                                                      ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2024 Fiscal Year Annual Report      185
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
March 31, 2024

17. INVESTMENTS IN ASSOCIATES (CONTINUED)
      @
            For identification purposes only

      ^
            The Group’s investments in these companies are accounted for as associates of the Group because the Group is in
            a position to exercise significant influence. The Group has at least one director at each board of directors and/or
            has relevant rights regarding certain significant financial and operating decisions in board meetings of these
            associates.

      #
            The Group’s associates have a financial year ending December 31 and the financial statements for March 31 of these
            companies may not be available in a timely manner for the Group to apply the equity method, and therefore the
            Group elects to record its shares of the profits or losses of these associates on a quarterly lag basis. Accordingly,
            the Group elects to equity account for these associates in the Group’s consolidated financial statements using their
            annual financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2023 for the current year (2023: year ended
            December 31, 2022).


      The above associates are indirectly held by the Company.

      The following table illustrates the aggregate financial information of the Group’s associates that
      are not individually material:

                                                                                                 2024                  2023
                                                                                              RMB’000               RMB’000

      Share of the associates’ loss for the year                                                  6,965               37,600
      Share of the associates’ other comprehensive loss for the year                                406                    —
      Share of the associates’ total comprehensive loss for the year                              7,371               37,600
      Aggregate carrying amount of the Group’s investments in the
        associates at the end of the reporting period                                        2,285,936             2,336,704


18. INVENTORIES
                                                                                                 2024                  2023
                                                                                              RMB’000               RMB’000

      Trading goods                                                                          1,399,738             2,102,312




186       ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2024 Fiscal Year Annual Report
                          NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                             March 31, 2024

19. TRADE AND BILLS RECEIVABLES
                                                                                          2024                     2023
                                                                                       RMB’000                  RMB’000

  Trade receivables                                                                      815,780                  606,627
  Impairment                                                                             (33,687)                 (28,544)


  Net carrying amount                                                                    782,093                  578,083
  Bills receivable                                                                         3,043                      704


  Total trade and bills receivables                                                      785,136                  578,787


  The Group’s trading terms with some of its customers are on credit. The Group provides a credit
  period of 30 to 90 days. Trade receivables are settled in accordance with the terms of the
  respective contracts. The Group seeks to maintain strict control over its outstanding receivables.
  Overdue balances are reviewed regularly by senior management. In the view of the
  aforementioned and the fact that the Group’s trade receivables relate to a large number of
  diversified customers, there is no significant concentration of credit risk. The Group does not
  hold any collateral or other credit enhancements over its trade receivable balances. Trade
  receivables are non-interest-bearing.

  Included in the Group’s trade receivables are amounts due from subsidiaries of Alibaba Group
  of approximately RMB323,776,000 (2023: RMB192,106,000) and the Group’s associates of
  approximately RMB189,000 (2023: RMB267,000), which are repayable on credit terms mutually
  agreed by the parties involved.

  An ageing analysis of the trade receivables as at the end of the reporting period, based on the
  date of products received by or services rendered to customers and net of impairment, is as
  follows:

                                                                                          2024                     2023
                                                                                       RMB’000                  RMB’000

  Within 3 months                                                                        694,782                  465,694
  4th to 12th months                                                                      81,010                   98,626
  Over 1 year                                                                              6,301                   13,763


  Total                                                                                  782,093                  578,083




                                       ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2024 Fiscal Year Annual Report   187
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
March 31, 2024

19. TRADE AND BILLS RECEIVABLES (CONTINUED)
      The movements in the provision for impairment of trade receivables are as follows:

                                                                                            2024      2023
                                                                                         RMB’000   RMB’000

      At April 1                                                                          28,544    26,720
      Impairment (note 6)                                                                  5,143     1,824


      At March 31                                                                         33,687    28,544


      The increase (2023: increase) in the loss allowance was mainly due to the increase in the loss
      allowance of RMB1,572,000 (2023: RMB461,000) and RMB3,528,000 (2023: RMB926,000) as a
      result of the increase in gross amount of trade receivables aged less than one year and over
      two years, respectively.

      An impairment analysis is performed at each reporting date using a provision matrix to measure
      expected credit losses. The provision rates are based on ageing for groupings of various
      customer segments with similar loss patterns (i.e., by customer type). The calculation reflects the
      time value of money and reasonable and supportable information that is available at the
      reporting date about past events, current conditions and forecasts of future economic
      conditions.




188     ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2024 Fiscal Year Annual Report
                          NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                            March 31, 2024

19. TRADE AND BILLS RECEIVABLES (CONTINUED)
  Set out below is the information about the credit risk exposure on the Group’s trade receivables
  using a provision matrix:

  As at March 31, 2024

                                                                           Ageing
                                             Less than                   1 to        Over
                                                1 year                2 years     2 years                              Total


  Expected credit loss rate                       0.27%                 7.83%             100.00%                 4.13%
  Gross carrying amount (RMB’000)               777,920                 6,836              31,024               815,780
  Expected credit losses (RMB’000)                2,128                   535              31,024                33,687


  As at March 31, 2023

                                                                           Ageing
                                              Less than                  1 to                  Over
                                                 1 year               2 years               2 years                    Total


  Expected credit loss rate                       0.10%                  3.45%            100.00%                  4.71%
  Gross carrying amount (RMB’000)               564,876                 14,255             27,496                606,627
  Expected credit losses (RMB’000)                  556                    492             27,496                 28,544


  Bills receivable are subject to impairment using the low credit risk simplification under the
  general approach. At each reporting date, the Group evaluates whether the bills receivable are
  considered to have low credit risk using all reasonable and supportable information that is
  available without undue cost or effort. In making that evaluation, the Group reassesses the
  credit ratings of the debt investments. The Group did not recognize any impairment loss on bills
  receivable as at March 31, 2023 and 2024.




                                      ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2024 Fiscal Year Annual Report      189
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
March 31, 2024

20. PREPAYMENTS, OTHER RECEIVABLES AND OTHER ASSETS
                                                                                            2024         2023
                                                                                         RMB’000      RMB’000

      Current:
      Prepayments                                                                          364,714     439,382
      Other receivables and other assets                                                 1,132,580     707,318


                                                                                         1,497,294    1,146,700
      Impairment                                                                            (6,760)      (6,760)


      Total                                                                              1,490,534    1,139,940


      Non-current:
      Long-term receivables                                                                31,568       20,024


      Total                                                                              1,522,102    1,159,964


      The movements in provision for impairment of other receivables during the year are as follows:

                                                                                            2024         2023
                                                                                         RMB’000      RMB’000

      At April 1                                                                             6,760        6,760
      Impairment                                                                                 —       11,518
      Amount written off as uncollectible                                                        —      (11,518)


      At March 31                                                                            6,760        6,760


      The individually impaired other receivables of RMB6,760,000 (2023: RMB6,760,000) relate to
      debtors that were in default and the outstanding receivables are not expected to be recovered.

      Other than the impaired other receivables, the financial assets included in the above balances
      relate to receivables for which there was no recent history of default and past due amounts. As
      at March 31, 2024 and 2023, their loss allowance is assessed to be minimal.




190     ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2024 Fiscal Year Annual Report
                           NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                             March 31, 2024

21. CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AND RESTRICTED CASH
                                                                                          2024                     2023
                                                                                       RMB’000                  RMB’000

  Cash and bank balances                                                              3,168,575                8,941,312
  Time deposits                                                                       7,356,941                2,126,121


  Subtotal                                                                          10,525,516               11,067,433
  Less:
    Restricted cash                                                                    (278,406)                 (150,262)
    Long-term time deposits                                                            (694,000)                        —


  Cash and cash equivalents                                                           9,553,110              10,917,171


  At the end of the reporting period, the cash and bank balances and time deposits of the Group
  denominated in RMB placed in the PRC amounted to approximately RMB4,452,802,000 (2023:
  RMB5,922,878,000). The RMB is not freely convertible into other currencies, however, under
  Chinese Mainland’s Foreign Exchange Control Regulations and Administration of Settlement and
  Sale and Payment of Foreign Exchange Regulations, the Group is permitted to exchange RMB for
  other currencies through banks authorized to conduct foreign exchange business.

  Cash at banks and Alipay earns interest at floating rates based on daily bank deposit rates.
  Time deposits are made for varying periods of one to three months depending on the
  immediate cash requirements of the Group, and earn interest at the respective term deposit
  rates. The bank balances are deposited with creditworthy banks with no recent history of
  default. As at March 31, 2024, the cash (including restricted cash) at Alipay amounted to
  RMB129,231,000 (2023: RMB233,264,000).


22.EQUITY INVESTMENT DESIGNATED AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH
   OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
                                                                                          2024                     2023
                                                                                       RMB’000                  RMB’000

  Unlisted equity investment, at fair value:
    IK Healthcare Holdings Limited                                                       101,659                  122,062


  The above equity investment was irrevocably designated at FVOCI as the Group considers this
  investment to be strategic in nature. During the year, the fair value changes in this investment
  resulted in a loss (net of tax) amounting to approximately US$3,731,000 (equivalent to
  approximately RMB27,888,000) (2023: US$4,392,000 (equivalent to approximately
  RMB27,916,000)), recorded in other comprehensive income.




                                       ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2024 Fiscal Year Annual Report   191
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
March 31, 2024

23. FINANCIAL ASSETS AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH PROFIT OR LOSS
                                                                                            2024        2023
                                                                                         RMB’000     RMB’000

      Unlisted equity investments, at fair value                                         1,567,998   1,883,292


      The unlisted equity investments were classified as financial assets at fair value through profit or
      loss as the Group has not elected to recognize the fair value gain or loss through other
      comprehensive income.


24. TRADE AND BILLS PAYABLES
      An ageing analysis of the trade and bills payables as at the end of the reporting period, based
      on the date of products and services received by the Group, is as follows:

                                                                                            2024        2023
                                                                                         RMB’000     RMB’000

      Within 3 months                                                                    2,779,151   3,000,935
      4th to 12th months                                                                   489,845     624,112
      Over 1 year                                                                           81,570      89,000


      Total                                                                              3,350,566   3,714,047


      The trade payables are non-interest-bearing and are normally settled on terms of 30 days to 90
      days.

      Included in the Group’s trade payables are amounts due to subsidiaries of Alibaba Group of
      approximately RMB907,537,000 (2023: RMB843,047,000), which are repayable on credit terms
      mutually agreed by the parties involved.




192     ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2024 Fiscal Year Annual Report
                            NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                               March 31, 2024

25. OTHER PAYABLES AND ACCRUALS
                                                                                            2024                     2023
                                                                                         RMB’000                  RMB’000

  Other payables                                                                           904,429                  886,136
  Accruals                                                                                  92,714                  176,064
  Contingent consideration                                                                       —                   65,292


  Total                                                                                    997,143               1,127,492


  Other payables are non-interest-bearing. The current other payables have an average term of
  three months. The non-current other payables were to be paid after certain conditions are
  fulfilled.

  Included in the Group’s other payables are advances received from a joint venture amounting to
  RMB1,287,758 (2023: RMB1,043,000), which are used to settle the management fees incurred in
  the subsequent period within three months.


26. CONTRACT LIABILITIES
  Details of contract liabilities are as follows:

                                                                    2024                     2023                    2022
                                                                 RMB’000                  RMB’000                 RMB’000

  Pharmaceutical direct sales business                            250,609                  204,065                  105,631
  Healthcare and digital services business                        304,074                  291,001                  155,047


  Total                                                           554,683                  495,066                  260,678


  The increase in contract liabilities as at March 31, 2023 and 2024 was mainly due to the
  increasing scale of pharmaceutical direct sales business and healthcare and digital services
  business.




                                         ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2024 Fiscal Year Annual Report   193
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
March 31, 2024

27. DEFERRED TAX
      The movements in gross deferred tax assets and liabilities during the year are as follows:

      March 31, 2024

                                                         Fair value adjustments attributable to
                                                                                                          Equity
                                                                                                     accounting
                                                                                                             and
                                                 Loss        Equity                                deemed cost
                                        available for  investments                                  adjustments
                                           offsetting        at fair                                           of
                                             against value through      Investments                 investments
                                               future         other    at fair value                     in joint
                                             taxable comprehensive          through Acquisition of ventures and         Lease Investments Right-of-use
                                              profits       income     profit or loss subsidiaries    associates    liabilities in subleases    assets       Total
                                            RMB’000       RMB’000          RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000      RMB’000         RMB’000  RMB’000      RMB’000


      Gross deferred tax assets/
          (liabilities) at March 31,
          2023                              174,663               —         (14,734)       (77,120)     (171,395)         —            —            —      (88,586)
      Effect of adoption of
          amendments to HKAS 12
          (note 2.2(c))                            —              —               —               —            —      19,422       (6,005)     (13,551)       (134)


      At April 1, 2023 (restated)           174,663               —         (14,734)       (77,120)     (171,395)     19,422       (6,005)     (13,551)    (88,720)
      Deferred tax credited/(charged)
          to:
          the statement of profit or
              loss (note 9)                  16,265               —           8,267          4,187        (1,335)      1,103        3,348       (3,455)    28,380
          the statement of
              comprehensive income                 —              —               —               —          101          —            —            —         101
          the statement of changes
              in equity                            —              —               —               —        1,004          —            —            —        1,004
      Exchange realignment                         —              —            (194)              —            —          —            —            —         (194)


      Gross deferred tax assets/
         (liabilities) at March 31,
         2024                               190,928               —          (6,661)       (72,933)     (171,625)     20,525       (2,657)     (17,006)    (59,429)




194       ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2024 Fiscal Year Annual Report
                                              NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                                                                           March 31, 2024

27. DEFERRED TAX (CONTINUED)
  The movements in gross deferred tax assets and liabilities during the year are as follows:
  (Continued)

  March 31, 2023

                                                       Fair value adjustments attributable to
                                                                                                            Equity
                                                                                                       accounting
                                                                                                               and
                                              Loss         Equity                                    deemed cost
                                     available for  investments                                       adjustments
                                        offsetting        at fair                                                of
                                          against value through       Investments                     investments
                                            future          other    at fair value                         in joint
                                          taxable comprehensive           through     Acquisition of ventures and         Lease      Investments    Right-of-use
                                           profits       income      profit or loss     subsidiaries    associates    liabilities   in subleases          assets      Total
                                         RMB’000       RMB’000           RMB’000           RMB’000       RMB’000      RMB’000           RMB’000         RMB’000    RMB’000


  Gross deferred tax assets/
      (liabilities) at March 31,
      2022                               132,880           (2,015)         (19,957)         (81,307)      (128,694)            —              —               —     (99,093)
  Effect of adoption of
      amendments to HKAS 12
      (note 2.2(c))                            —                —                —                —              —      33,839                —         (36,219)     (2,380)


  At April 1, 2022 (restated)            132,880           (2,015)         (19,957)         (81,307)      (128,694)     33,839                —         (36,219)   (101,473)
  Deferred tax credited/(charged)
      to:
      the statement of profit or
          loss (note 9) (restated)        41,783                —           (4,083)           4,187        (27,423)    (14,417)           3,002          13,661     16,710
      the statement of
          comprehensive income                 —            2,174                —                —              —             —              —               —       2,174
      the statement of changes
          in equity                            —                —                —                —         (5,890)            —               —              —      (5,890)
  Transfer                                     —                —            9,388                —         (9,388)            —          (9,007)         9,007           —
  Exchange realignment                         —             (159)             (82)               —              —             —               —              —        (241)


  Gross deferred tax assets/
     (liabilities) at March 31,
     2023 and April 1, 2023
     (restated)                          174,663                —          (14,734)         (77,120)      (171,395)     19,422            (6,005)       (13,551)    (88,720)




                                                                     ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2024 Fiscal Year Annual Report                   195
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
March 31, 2024

27. DEFERRED TAX (CONTINUED)
      For presentation purposes, certain deferred tax assets and liabilities have been offset in the
      statement of financial position. The following is an analysis of the deferred tax balances of the
      Group for financial reporting purposes:

                                                                                            2024           2023
                                                                                         RMB’000        RMB’000
                                                                                                      (Restated)


      Net deferred tax assets recognised in the consolidated
       statement of financial position                                                     54,870        34,096
      Net deferred tax liabilities recognised in the consolidated
       statement of financial position                                                   (114,299)     (122,816)


      Net deferred tax assets/(liabilities)                                                (59,429)     (88,720)


      The Group has tax losses arising in Hong Kong of approximately RMB75,563,000 (2023:
      RMB52,660,000) that are available indefinitely for offsetting against future taxable profits of the
      companies in which the losses arose. The Group also has tax losses arising in Chinese Mainland
      of RMB1,676,502,000 (2023: RMB1,188,893,000) that will expire in one to ten years for offsetting
      against future taxable profits.

      Deferred tax assets have not been recognized in respect of these losses and other deductible
      temporary differences as they have arisen in subsidiaries that have been loss-making for some
      time and it is not considered probable that taxable profits will be available against which the
      tax losses can be utilized.

      Deferred tax assets have not been recognized in respect of the following items:

                                                                                            2024          2023
                                                                                         RMB’000       RMB’000

      Tax losses                                                                         1,081,698    1,241,553
      Deductible temporary differences                                                     383,576      378,591


                                                                                         1,465,274    1,620,144


      The Group is liable to withholding taxes on dividends distributed by those subsidiaries, joint
      venture and associates established in Chinese Mainland in respect of earnings generated from
      January 1, 2008. The applicable rate is 10% for the Group.




196     ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2024 Fiscal Year Annual Report
                          NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                            March 31, 2024

27. DEFERRED TAX (CONTINUED)
  At March 31, 2024, no deferred tax has been recognized for withholding taxes that would be
  payable on the unremitted earnings that are subject to withholding taxes of the Group’s
  subsidiaries, joint venture and associates established in Chinese Mainland. In the opinion of the
  directors, it is not probable that these subsidiaries will distribute such earnings in the
  foreseeable future. The aggregate amount of temporary differences associated with investments
  in subsidiaries in Chinese Mainland for which deferred tax liabilities have not been recognized
  totaled approximately RMB1,435,189,000 at March 31, 2024 (2023: RMB982,770,000). At March
  31, 2024, there were unremitted earnings shared by the Group of approximately
  RMB234,378,000 (2023: RMB220,428,000) from the Group’s associates and an joint venture
  established in Chinese Mainland in respect of earnings generated from January 1, 2008.

  There are no income tax consequences attaching to the payment of dividends by the Company
  to its shareholders.


28. SHARE CAPITAL
  Shares

                                                                                          2024                     2023
                                                                                       HK$’000                  HK$’000

  Authorized:
    20,000,000,000 (2023: 20,000,000,000) ordinary shares of
      HK$0.01 each                                                                      200,000                  200,000


                                                                                         2024                     2023
                                                                                      RMB’000                  RMB’000

  Issued and fully-paid:
     16,091,736,264 (2023: 13,521,362,542) ordinary shares of
       HK$0.01 each                                                                     142,780                  119,133




                                      ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2024 Fiscal Year Annual Report   197
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
March 31, 2024

28. SHARE CAPITAL (CONTINUED)
      Shares (Continued)

      A summary of movements in the Company’s share capital is as follows:

                                                        Number of                 Share         Share    Treasury
                                                   shares in issue               capital     premium       shares          Total
                                                                               RMB’000        RMB’000    RMB’000       RMB’000


      At April 1, 2022                              13,517,806,542              119,102     43,499,897    (23,516)   43,595,483
      Repurchase of shares (note a)                                 —                  —            —     (81,582)       (81,582)
      Vested awarded shares transferred to
           employees (note b)                                       —                  —       214,834     34,616       249,450
      Share options exercised (note c)                    3,556,000                   31        19,345         —         19,376


      At March 31 and April 1, 2023                13,521,362,542               119,133     43,734,076    (70,482)   43,782,727
      Repurchase of shares (note a)                                 —                  —            —    (104,568)     (104,568)
      Vested awarded shares transferred
           to employees (note b)                                    —                  —      130,440     73,210        203,650
      Share options exercised (note c)                      235,500                     2        1,256         —          1,258
      Issue of shares for acquisition under
           common control (note d)                   2,558,222,222               23,539      7,508,952         —      7,532,491
      Issue of shares for restricted share
           units (note e)                               11,916,000                   106            —        (106)            —


      At March 31, 2024                            16,091,736,264               142,780     51,374,724   (101,946)   51,415,558


      Notes:

      a.      During the year ended March 31, 2024, 33,018,000 shares of HK$0.01 each were repurchased for RSUs to be vested
              for non-connected persons and connected persons at a total cash consideration of RMB104,568,000 (2023:
              25,258,000 shares of HK$0.01 each were repurchased for RSUs to be vested for non-connected persons and
              connected persons at a total cash consideration of RMB81,582,000).


      b.      Upon vesting of RSUs for the year ended March 31, 2024, 29,897,000 treasury shares were transferred to
              non-connected persons and 1,056,000 treasury shares were transferred to connected persons, respectively (2023:
              15,653,000 issued shares and 5,188,000 repurchased shares were transferred to non-connected persons and
              1,403,000 repurchased shares were transferred to connected persons, respectively).


      c.      The subscription rights attaching to 235,500 share options were exercised at the subscription price of HK$4.02 per
              share (note 29), resulting in the issue of 235,500 shares for a total cash consideration, before expenses, of
              RMB878,000. An amount of RMB380,000 was transferred from the share option reserve to share premium upon the
              exercise of the share options (2023: The subscription rights attaching to 3,556,000 share options were exercised at
              the subscription price of HK$4.16 per share (note 29), resulting in the issue of 3,556,000 shares for a total cash
              consideration, before expenses, of RMB12,890,000. An amount of RMB6,486,000 was transferred from the share
              option reserve to share premium upon the exercise of the share options).




198        ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2024 Fiscal Year Annual Report
                               NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                                    March 31, 2024

28. SHARE CAPITAL (CONTINUED)
  Shares (Continued)

  Notes: (Continued)

  d.   On January 17, 2024, 2,558,222,222 shares of HK$0.01 each were issued to a related company for an acquisition of
       subsidiaries, details of which are disclosed in the note 31 to the financial statements.


  e.   During the year ended March 31, 2024, 11,916,000 (2023: nil) shares of HK$0.01 each were issued for RSUs to be
       vested for non-connected persons.


  Share options

  Details of the Company’s share option scheme and the share options issued under the scheme
  are included in note 29 to the financial statements.


29. SHARE-BASED COMPENSATION COSTS
  Share award scheme

  At the special general meeting of the Company held on November 24, 2014 (the “2014
  Adoption Date”), the Shareholders approved the adoption of the Share Award Scheme (the
  “Share Award Scheme”). Unless terminated earlier by the Board, the Share Award Scheme shall
  be valid and effective for a term of 10 years commencing on the 2014 Adoption Date. The
  validity period of the options granted under the Share Award Scheme shall be ten years from
  the date of grant and the options shall lapse upon the expiry of the validity period. The
  minimum period for which the options must be held before it can be exercised shall be no less
  than one year from the date of its respective grant.

  Pursuant to an ordinary resolution passed at the annual general meeting of the Company held
  on August 11, 2023 (the “2023 Approval Date”), the Company approved to amend the rules of
  the Share Award Scheme. Pursuant to the terms of the Share Award Scheme, the Board may,
  from time to time, at its absolute discretion and subject to such terms and conditions as it may
  think fit (including the basis of eligibility of each employee determined by the Board from time
  to time), select an employee or any other person for participation in the Share Award Scheme
  and determine the number of shares to be awarded (the “Share Awards”). The total number of
  shares that may be issued in respect of the Share Awards granted under the Share Award
  Scheme and any other share schemes of the Company (the “Scheme Mandate Limit”) shall not
  exceed 10% of the shares in issue as at the 2023 Approval Date, or 10% of the shares in issue
  as at the date of approving the refreshed Scheme Mandate Limit. The total number of shares
  that may be issued in respect of the Share Awards granted to any person who provide services
  to the Group on a continuing or recurring basis in its ordinary and usual course of business that
  are beneficial to the long-term development of the Group (the “Service Providers”) under the
  Share Award Scheme and any other share schemes of the Company (the “Service Provider
  Sublimit”) shall not exceed 1% of the shares in issue as at the 2023 Approval Date, or 1% of the
  shares in issue as at the date of approving the refreshed Service Provider Sublimit.


                                              ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2024 Fiscal Year Annual Report   199
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
March 31, 2024

29. SHARE-BASED COMPENSATION COSTS (CONTINUED)
      Share award scheme (Continued)

      Movements in the number of Awards granted under the Share Award Scheme during the year
      and their related weighted average fair values are as follows:

                                                                              Weighted
                                                                                average
                                                                          exercise price                          Number of
                                                                               of share             Number of       restricted
                                                                                 options         share options    share units
                                                                          HK$ per share                   ’000            ’000

      Outstanding at April 1, 2022                                                       10.69          15,178         61,367
      Granted during the year                                                             4.92           7,344         74,833
      Forfeited or lapsed during the year                                                 5.72            (313)       (16,053)
      Exercised or vested during the year                                                 4.16          (3,556)       (22,238)


      Outstanding at March 31 and April 1, 2023                                          7.87          18,653          97,909
      Granted during the year                                                            5.02          10,149          58,127
      Forfeited or lapsed during the year                                                5.95          (2,103)        (23,866)
      Exercised or vested during the year                                                4.01            (236)        (30,953)


      Outstanding at March 31, 2024                                                      8.29          26,463        101,217


      The weighted average share price at the date of exercise for share options exercised during the
      year was HK$4.9 per share (2023: HK$5.33).




200     ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2024 Fiscal Year Annual Report
                           NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                              March 31, 2024

29. SHARE-BASED COMPENSATION COSTS (CONTINUED)
  Share award scheme (Continued)

  The exercise prices and exercise periods of the share options outstanding as at the end of the
  reporting period are as follows:

                                                                                      2024                        2023
                                                                                  Number of                   Number of
               Exercise period                    Exercise price                    options                     options
                                                  HK$ per share                        ’000                        ’000

  7/9/2015          to     6/9/2025                            5.184                        508                            508
  28/4/2016         to     27/4/2026                            5.32                        152                            152
  29/7/2016         to     28/7/2026                           5.558                      1,662                          1,746
  2/2/2017          to     1/2/2027                            3.626                        593                            593
  3/8/2017          to     2/8/2027                            3.686                        734                            799
  10/10/2017        to     9/10/2027                             4.4                        162                            162
  1/2/2018          to     31/1/2028                           4.144                        347                            518
  15/6/2020         to     14/6/2030                           19.94                      4,466                          4,512
  15/9/2020         to     14/9/2030                           18.86                        119                            119
  15/6/2021         to     14/6/2031                           18.21                      1,579                          1,663
  15/3/2022         to     14/3/2032                            4.24                        750                            750
  15/6/2022         to     14/6/2032                            4.92                      6,493                          7,131
  15/6/2023         to     14/6/2033                            5.16                      6,162                              —
  15/9/2023         to     14/9/2033                            4.68                      2,528                              —
  15/12/2023        to     14/12/2033                           4.38                        208                              —


                                                                                        26,463                      18,653


  The exercise price of RSUs is nil.

  As at March 31, 2024, the remaining vesting periods for the options and RSUs granted range
  from 2.5 to 63.5 months (2023: 3 to 64 months).

  The fair value of the share options granted during the year was RMB30,977,000 (HK$3.32 each)
  (2023: RMB15,430,000, HK$2.46 each), of which the Group recognized a share option expense of
  RMB8,473,000 (2023: RMB4,591,000) during the year ended March 31, 2024. During the year
  ended March 31,2024, the Group also recognized a share option expense of RMB7,471,000
  (2023: RMB10,975,000) in respect of share options granted in prior years.




                                        ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2024 Fiscal Year Annual Report      201
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
March 31, 2024

29. SHARE-BASED COMPENSATION COSTS (CONTINUED)
      Share award scheme (Continued)

      The fair value of the RSUs granted during the year was RMB265,622,000 (HK$5.01 each) (2023:
      RMB313,995,000, HK$4.89 each), of which the Group recognized a RSU expense of
      RMB77,101,000 (2023: RMB93,189,000) during the year ended March 31, 2024. During the year
      ended March 31, 2024, the Group also recognized a RSU expense of RMB125,076,000 (2023:
      RMB146,114,000) in respect of RSUs granted in prior years.

      The fair value of share options granted during the year was estimated as at the date of grant
      using a binomial model, taking into account the terms and conditions upon which the share
      options were granted. The following table lists the inputs to the model used:

                                                                                               Share options granted in
                                                                                                    2024                  2023


      Fair value of the Company’s shares as at the grant date                            HK$4.38~HK$5.16     HK$2.12~HK$2.57
      Expected volatility (%)                                                                          83                  60
      Expected dividend (%)                                                                             —                   —
      Exercise multiple                                                                           2.6~3.0             1.3~2.3
      Exercise price                                                                     HK$4.38~HK$5.16             HK$4.92
      Risk-free interest rate (%)                                                                    3.60                3.38
      Forfeiture rate (%)                                                                              24              23~24


      The expected volatility reflects the assumption that the historical volatility is indicative of future
      trends, which may also not necessarily be the actual outcome.

      The fair value of the RSUs granted during the year was determined based on the market value
      of the Company’s shares at the respective grant dates.

      The fair value of RSUs granted by Alibaba Group to employees transferred from other entities of
      Alibaba Group to the Company was measured with reference to Alibaba Group’s closing share
      price of the employment transfer date. The Company is obligated to pay a cash consideration to
      Alibaba Group for such employees’ service period at the Group on a pro rata basis when these
      RSUs were vested.

      The Group recognized share-based compensation expenses of RMB47,938,000 for awards under
      Alibaba Group’s Share Award Scheme for the year ended March 31, 2024 (2023: RMB54,021,000)
      with a corresponding payable of RMB255,452,000 due to Alibaba Group recorded at March 31,
      2024 (2023: RMB242,137,000).




202     ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2024 Fiscal Year Annual Report
                          NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                            March 31, 2024

29. SHARE-BASED COMPENSATION COSTS (CONTINUED)
  Share award scheme (Continued)

  Total share-based compensation expenses recorded by the Group under the Group’s Share
  Award Scheme and Alibaba Group’s Share Award Scheme are as follows:

                                                                                         2024                     2023
                                                                                      RMB’000                  RMB’000

  Cost of sales                                                                          12,829                   15,408
  Fulfilment                                                                             31,711                   36,058
  Selling and marketing expenses                                                         65,705                   89,324
  Administrative expenses                                                                76,038                   69,403
  Product development expenses                                                           79,776                   98,697


  Total                                                                                 266,059                  308,890


  At the end of the reporting period, the Company had approximately 26,463,000 share options
  and 101,217,000 RSUs outstanding under the Share Award Scheme, which represented
  approximately 0.79% of the Company’s shares in issue as at that date. The exercise in full of the
  outstanding share options and RSUs, under the present capital structure of the Company, would
  result in the issue of approximately 26,463,000 additional ordinary shares of the Company and
  additional share capital of HK$264,630 (equivalent to approximately RMB242,000) (before issue
  expenses), the purchase of 66,716,000 existing shares from the market and the release of
  34,501,000 shares from treasury shares.

  At the date of approval of these financial statements, the Company had approximately
  26,463,000 share options and 98,185,918 RSUs outstanding under the Share Award Scheme,
  which represented approximately 0.77% of the Company’s shares in issue as at that date.




                                      ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2024 Fiscal Year Annual Report   203
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
March 31, 2024

30.RESERVES
      The amounts of the Group’s reserves and the movements therein for the current and prior years
      are presented in the consolidated statement of changes in equity on page 117 to page 118 of
      the financial statements.

      Merger reserve

      The merger reserve represents the differences between the fair value of consideration shares
      issued by the Company and the carrying amount of the net assets of the target company at the
      acquisition date pursuant to the business combination under common control of the Group that
      took place in prior years.

      Other reserves

      Other reserves mainly consist of PRC statutory reserves and contributed surplus. Under the
      relevant PRC laws and regulations, PRC companies are required to allocate 10% of their net
      profit to the fund until such fund reaches 50% of their registered capital. The statutory reserve
      fund can be utilized, upon approval by the relevant authorities, to offset against accumulated
      losses or to increase registered capital of the companies, provided that such fund is maintained
      at a minimum of 25% of the companies’ registered capital. Contributed surplus represents the
      difference between the nominal value of the Company’s shares issued in exchange for the
      issued share capital of the subsidiaries and the net asset value of the subsidiaries acquired, and
      the surplus arising from the reduction of share capital. Under the Companies Act of Bermuda
      and the Bye-laws of the Company, the contributed surplus is distributable to shareholders. The
      Company has no distributable reserves at March 31, 2024 and 2023.


31. BUSINESS COMBINATION
      On January 17, 2024, the Group acquired a 100% equity interest in AJK Technology Holding
      Limited and its subsidiaries (collectively referred to as the “Target Business”) from Taobao
      Holding Limited (the “Vendor”), a direct wholly-owned subsidiary of Alibaba Holding. The
      acquisition of the Target Business is expected to enable the Group to offer one-stop solutions to
      better serve healthcare merchants’ needs, to optimize healthcare merchants’ marketing
      efficiency and return on investment and to improve the business and revenue growth of
      healthcare merchants and the Group. As the Company and the Target Business are under
      common control of Alibaba Holding before and after the transaction, the transaction has been
      accounted for as a business combination under common control using merger accounting.




204     ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2024 Fiscal Year Annual Report
                          NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                             March 31, 2024

31. BUSINESS COMBINATION (CONTINUED)
  The consideration of HK$13,512,000,000 was satisfied by the Company issuing 2,558,222,222
  shares and paying United States Dollar equivalent of HK$2,000,000,000 (approximately
  RMB1,849,529,000) in cash to the Vendor. The fair value of these consideration shares was
  HK$8,186,311,000 (approximately RMB7,532,491,000) which was determined based on the market
  price of HK$3.20 per ordinary share as at January 17, 2024. The difference of RMB9,371,262,000
  between the fair value of consideration of approximately RMB9,382,020,000 and the carrying
  amount of the net assets of the Target Business at the acquisition date of approximately
  RMB10,758,000 is recognized in the merger reserve. The Target Business is engaged in the
  provision of marketing materials review services and value-added services.

  The existing book values of the identified assets and liabilities of the Target Business as at the
  date of acquisition were as follows:

                                                                                                          Existing book
                                                                                                                  values
                                                                                                                RMB’000

  Cash and cash equivalents                                                                                        10,758


  Total identified net assets at existing book values                                                              10,758


  Satisfied by:
    Share consideration                                                                                        7,532,491
    Cash consideration                                                                                         1,849,529


                                                                                                               9,382,020


  An analysis of the cash flows in respect of the acquisition of subsidiaries is as follows:

                                                                                                                RMB’000

  Cash consideration                                                                                           1,849,529
  Cash and cash equivalents acquired                                                                             (10,758)


  Net outflow of cash and cash equivalents included in the cash flows used in
   financing activities                                                                                        1,838,771


  Since the acquisition, the Target Business contributed RMB239,522,000 to the Group’s revenue
  and profit of RMB1,435,000 to the consolidated profit for the year ended March 31, 2024.




                                       ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2024 Fiscal Year Annual Report   205
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
March 31, 2024

32. NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS
      (a) Major non-cash transactions

          During the year, the Group had non-cash additions to right-of-use assets and lease
          liabilities of RMB51,308,000 (2023: RMB14,527,000) and RMB51,308,000 (2023:
          RMB14,527,000), respectively, in respect of lease arrangements for buildings.

      (b) Changes in liabilities arising from financing activities

                                                                                           Lease liabilities
                                                                                            2024             2023
                                                                                         RMB’000          RMB’000

          Carrying amount at April 1                                                       77,798          135,414
          Changes from financing cash flows                                               (39,934)         (42,586)
          New leases                                                                       51,308           14,527
          Revision of leases term arising from a change in the
            non-cancellable period of leases                                               (7,002)         (29,258)
          Interest expense                                                                  5,969            5,833
          Interest paid classified as operating cash flows                                 (5,969)          (5,833)
          Covid-19-related rent concessions from lessors                                        —             (299)


          Carrying amount at March 31                                                     82,170               77,798


      (c) Total cash outflow for leases

          The total cash outflow for leases included in the statement of cash flows is as follows:

                                                                                            2024             2023
                                                                                         RMB’000          RMB’000

          Within operating activities                                                      7,621                6,959
          Within financing activities                                                     39,934               42,586


          Total                                                                           47,555               49,545




206     ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2024 Fiscal Year Annual Report
                              NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                               March 31, 2024

33. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS
  (I)   Transactions with related parties

                                                                                             2024                     2023
                                                                                          RMB’000                  RMB’000

        Ultimate holding company and its subsidiaries:
          Share-based compensation expenses attributable to
             connected persons^                                                             (12,709)                 (20,780)

        Fellow subsidiaries:
          Marketing services received from Alibaba Group                               (1,566,271)               (1,046,205)
          Shared services received from Alibaba Group                                    (284,125)                 (254,602)
          Internet information and other related services received
             from Alibaba Group                                                           (311,039)                (266,971)
          Cloud computing services received from Alibaba Cloud
             Computing Ltd.                                                               (114,833)                (107,044)
          Logistics and warehouse services received from Hangzhou
             Cainiao Supply Chain Management Co., Ltd.                                    (175,126)                (225,189)
          Technical services received from Tmall Entities@ regarding
             Blue Cap Health Food#, medical devices, healthcare
             products, adult products, and medical and healthcare
             services                                                                     (792,379)                (894,564)
          Technical services received from Taobao Holding Limited
             (“Taobao Holding”) regarding Tmall Products and
             Services and Tmall Global Products and Services*                             (327,612)                (320,768)
          Outsourced and value-added services provided to Taobao
             Holding                                                                       108,755                  105,918
          Tracking related services provided to Taobao Holding                               2,021                    2,092
          Sales of products to Taobao Holding                                                    —                   23,162
          Shared services provided to Alibaba Group                                            440                        —
          Software services provided to Taobao Holding                                      98,342                  100,212
          Business sourcing and promotion services provided to
             Koubei (Shanghai) Information Technology Co., Ltd.                                5,288                        14
          Marketing materials review services and value-added
             services provided to Hangzhou Alimama Software
             Services Co., Ltd.                                                            239,522                           —

        Associate of the ultimate holding company:
          Payment services received from Alipay                                             (75,375)                 (78,846)
          Information display service provided by Ant Yikang
             (Guangzhou) Information Technology Co., Ltd.                                    (1,598)                         —
          Registration service provided to Ant Yikang (Guangzhou)
             Information Technology Co., Ltd.                                                  2,830                         —

        Joint ventures:
           Management fee                                                                    10,669                       9,452

        Associates:
          Sales of products                                                                    1,891                       196


                                         ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2024 Fiscal Year Annual Report      207
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
March 31, 2024

33. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (CONTINUED)
      (I)     Transactions with related parties (Continued)

              ^
                     On June 15, 2022, a total of 3,776,625 options are granted to five connected grantees, of which 1,290,125
                     options are granted to Mr. Zhu Shunyan (Chairman) (former Chief Executive Officer and resigned as the Chief
                     Executive Officer with effect from the close of business on November 28, 2023), 1,062,750 options are
                     granted to Mr. Shen Difan (Chief Executive Officer) (appointed as the Chief Executive Officer with effect from
                     the close of business on November 28, 2023), 283,250 options are granted to Mr. Tu Yanwu, and the
                     remaining options are granted to three directors of subsidiaries of the Company.


                     On June 15, 2022, a total of 1,992,550 RSUs are granted to six connected grantees, of which 516,050 RSUs are
                     granted to Mr. Zhu Shunyan (Chairman) (former Chief Executive Officer and resigned as the Chief Executive
                     Officer with effect from the close of business on November 28, 2023), 425,100 RSUs are granted to Mr. Shen
                     Difan (Chief Executive Officer) (appointed as the Chief Executive Officer with effect from the close of business
                     on November 28, 2023), 113,300 RSUs are granted to Mr. Tu Yanwu, and the remaining RSUs are granted to
                     three directors of subsidiaries of the Company.


                     On June 15, 2023, a total of 3,956,000 options are granted to five connected grantees, of which 1,381,250
                     options are granted to Mr. Zhu Shunyan (Chairman) (former Chief Executive Officer and resigned as the Chief
                     Executive Officer with effect from the close of business on November 28, 2023), 1,302,750 options are
                     granted to Mr. Shen Difan (Chief Executive Officer) (appointed as the Chief Executive Officer with effect from
                     the close of business on November 28, 2023), 255,750 options are granted to Mr. Tu Yanwu, and the
                     remaining options are granted to two directors of subsidiaries of the Company.


                     On June 15, 2023, a total of 2,803,800 RSUs are granted to ten connected grantees, of which 552,500 RSUs
                     are granted to Mr. Zhu Shunyan (Chairman) (former Chief Executive Officer and resigned as the Chief
                     Executive Officer with effect from the close of business on November 28, 2023), 521,100 RSUs are granted to
                     Mr. Shen Difan (Chief Executive Officer) (appointed as the Chief Executive Officer with effect from the close of
                     business on November 28, 2023), 102,300 RSUs are granted to Mr. Tu Yanwu, and the remaining RSUs are
                     granted to seven directors of subsidiaries of the Company.

              @
                     Tmall Entities refers to Zhejiang Tmall Network Co., Ltd. and Zhejiang Tmall Technology Co., Ltd.

              #
                     Blue Cap Health Food refers to a kind of health food approved by the State Administration for Market Regulation
                     of China.


              *      Tmall Products and Services comprised pharmaceutical products, medical purpose food products, medical
                     devices, adult products, healthcare products, medical and healthcare services and the target Blue Cap Health
                     Food sold through Tmall Supermarket only.


                     Tmall Global Products and Services comprised pharmaceutical products, medical devices, healthcare products,
                     medical purpose food products, medical and healthcare services.


              All these transactions were carried out in accordance with the terms and conditions
              mutually agreed by the parties involved.




208         ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2024 Fiscal Year Annual Report
                          NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                            March 31, 2024

33. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (CONTINUED)
  (II) Outstanding balances with related parties:

      In addition to the outstanding balances detailed in notes 19, 24 and 25 to the financial
      statements, the balances with related parties as at the end of the reporting period are listed
      below:

                                                                                         2024                     2023
                                                                                      RMB’000                  RMB’000

      Fellow subsidiaries:
        Prepayments, other receivables and other assets                                 231,290                  215,500
        Other payables and accruals                                                     273,418                  246,182


      Associate of the ultimate holding company:
        Trade receivables                                                                  3,643                           —
        Prepayments, other receivables and other assets                                      852                       2,541
        Other payables and accruals                                                          583                         290


      The balances with fellow subsidiaries are unsecured, interest-free, and have no fixed terms
      of repayment.

  (III) Compensation of key management personnel of the Group

                                                                                         2024                     2023
                                                                                      RMB’000                  RMB’000

      Short-term employee benefits                                                       26,154                   17,209
      Performance related bonuses                                                        14,193                   11,419
      Share-based compensation expenses                                                  60,164                   29,277
      Pension scheme contributions                                                        1,074                      669


      Total compensation paid to key management personnel                               101,585                   58,574


      Further details of directors’ and chief executive’s emoluments are included in note 7 to the
      financial statements.

      The transactions in respect of item (I) above also constitute connected transactions or
      continuing connected transactions as defined in Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.




                                      ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2024 Fiscal Year Annual Report      209
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
March 31, 2024

34. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS BY CATEGORY
      The carrying amounts of each of the categories of financial instruments as at the end of the
      reporting period are as follows:

      2024

      Financial assets

                                                                         Financial assets
                                                                  at fair value through other
                                                                     comprehensive income

                                      Financial assets
                                          at fair value
                                        through profit
                                                 or loss
                                            designated
                                                as such                                                      Financial
                                           upon initial                   Debt                 Equity        assets at
                                           recognition            investments             investments   amortized cost        Total
                                              RMB’000                RMB’000                RMB’000          RMB’000      RMB’000


      Equity investment at
        fair value through other
        comprehensive income                           —                      —              101,659                —      101,659
      Financial investments
        at fair value through
        profit or loss                       1,567,998                        —                    —                —     1,567,998
      Trade receivables                                —                      —                    —          782,093      782,093
      Bills receivable                                 —                 3,043                     —                —         3,043
      Financial assets included
        in prepayments, other
        receivables and other
        assets                                         —                      —                    —        1,042,658     1,042,658
      Restricted cash                                  —                      —                    —          278,406      278,406
      Long-term time deposits                          —                      —                    —          694,000      694,000
      Cash and cash equivalents                        —                      —                    —        9,553,110     9,553,110


      Total                                  1,567,998                   3,043               101,659       12,350,267    14,022,967




210      ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2024 Fiscal Year Annual Report
                          NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                             March 31, 2024

34. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS BY CATEGORY (CONTINUED)
  2024 (Continued)

  Financial liabilities

                                                                                                              Financial
                                                                                                           liabilities at
                                                                                                             amortized
                                                                                                                     cost
                                                                                                              RMB’000

  Trade and bills payables                                                                                    3,350,566
  Financial liabilities included in other payables and accruals                                                 598,072
  Lease liabilities                                                                                              82,170


  Total                                                                                                       4,030,808




                                       ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2024 Fiscal Year Annual Report   211
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
March 31, 2024

34. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS BY CATEGORY (CONTINUED)
      2023

      Financial assets

                                                                         Financial assets
                                                                   at fair value through other
                                                                     comprehensive income
                                       Financial assets
                                           at fair value
                                         through profit
                                                 or loss
                                            designated
                                                as such                                                      Financial
                                            upon initial                  Debt                 Equity        assets at
                                            recognition           investments             investments   amortized cost        Total
                                               RMB’000                RMB’000                RMB’000         RMB’000       RMB’000


      Equity investment at fair
        value through other
        comprehensive income                           —                      —              122,062                —      122,062
      Financial investments at
        fair value through profit
        or loss                               1,883,292                       —                    —                —     1,883,292
      Trade receivables                                —                      —                    —          578,083      578,083
      Bills receivable                                 —                    704                    —                —          704
      Financial assets included
        in prepayments, other
        receivables and other
        assets                                         —                      —                    —          632,979      632,979
      Restricted cash                                  —                      —                    —          150,262      150,262
      Cash and cash equivalents                        —                      —                    —       10,917,171    10,917,171


      Total                                   1,883,292                     704              122,062       12,278,495    14,284,553




212      ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2024 Fiscal Year Annual Report
                           NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                              March 31, 2024

34. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS BY CATEGORY (CONTINUED)
  2023 (Continued)

  Financial liabilities

                                                              Financial
                                                              liabilities
                                                          at fair value
                                                        through profit
                                                                 or loss
                                                        designated as
                                                            such upon        Financial
                                                                  initial liabilities at
                                                           recognition amortized cost                               Total
                                                              RMB’000        RMB’000                             RMB’000

  Trade and bills payables                                                 —           3,714,047                3,714,047
  Financial liabilities included in other payables
    and accruals                                                   65,292                 537,968                  603,260
  Lease liabilities                                                     —                  77,798                   77,798


  Total                                                            65,292              4,329,813                4,395,105




                                        ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2024 Fiscal Year Annual Report   213
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
March 31, 2024

35. FAIR VALUE AND FAIR VALUE HIERARCHY OF FINANCIAL
    INSTRUMENTS
      The carrying amounts and fair values of the Group’s financial instruments, other than those with
      carrying amounts that reasonably approximate to fair values, are as follows:

                                                                      Carrying amount                     Fair value
                                                                      2024                  2023        2024          2023
                                                                   RMB’000               RMB’000     RMB’000       RMB’000

      Financial assets

      Financial assets at fair value through
        profit or loss                                           1,567,998               1,883,292   1,567,998    1,883,292
      Equity investment designated at fair
        value through other comprehensive
        income                                                      101,659               122,062     101,659      122,062
      Long-term time deposits                                       694,000                     —     644,144            —
      Long-term receivables                                          31,568                20,024      28,840       17,950
      Bills receivable                                                3,043                   704       3,043          704


      Total                                                      2,398,268               2,026,082   2,345,684    2,024,008


      Financial liabilities

      Contingent consideration included in
        other payables and accruals                                           —            65,292           —          65,292


      Management has assessed that the fair values of cash and cash equivalents, restricted cash,
      trade receivables, current portion of financial assets included in prepayments, other receivables
      and other assets, trade payables and current portion of financial liabilities included in other
      payables and accruals, approximate to their carrying amounts largely due to the short term
      maturities of these instruments.




214     ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2024 Fiscal Year Annual Report
                          NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                             March 31, 2024

35. FAIR VALUE AND FAIR VALUE HIERARCHY OF FINANCIAL
    INSTRUMENTS (CONTINUED)
  The Group’s finance department headed by the finance manager is responsible for determining
  the policies and procedures for the fair value measurement of financial instruments. The finance
  manager reports directly to the chief financial officer and the audit committee. At each reporting
  date, the finance department analyses the movements in the values of financial instruments and
  determines the major inputs applied in the valuation. The valuation is reviewed and approved
  by the chief financial officer. The valuation process and results are discussed with the audit
  committee twice a year for interim and annual financial reporting.

  The fair values of the financial assets and liabilities are included at the amount at which the
  instrument could be exchanged in a current transaction between willing parties, other than in a
  forced or liquidation sale. The following methods and assumptions were used to estimate the
  fair values:

  The fair values of unlisted equity investments designated at FVOCI or fair values of unlisted
  equity investments designated at FVPL have been estimated using a market-based valuation
  technique and the key assumptions applied in the calculation are the comparable companies,
  relevant multiples and discount for lack of marketability (“DLOM”). Comparable companies are
  actively traded in stock market and the multiples are publicly available. Also, to adjust the fair
  value difference between a publicly traded company and a private company, an independent
  valuer has applied the option pricing model to estimate the DLOM. The directors believe that the
  estimated fair values resulting from the valuation techniques, which are recorded in the
  consolidated statement of financial position, and the related changes in fair values, which are
  recorded in other comprehensive income and fair value gain or loss, are reasonable.

  The fair value of the contingent consideration included in other payables and accruals has been
  calculated by discounting the expected cash flows using the corresponding weighted, average
  cost of capital, of which the cost of equity is determined by the capital asset pricing model.

  The fair values of long-term time deposits, long-term receivables and bills receivable have been
  calculated by discounting the expected future cash flows using rates currently available for
  instruments with similar terms, credit risk and remaining maturities.




                                       ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2024 Fiscal Year Annual Report   215
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
March 31, 2024

35. FAIR VALUE AND FAIR VALUE HIERARCHY OF FINANCIAL
    INSTRUMENTS (CONTINUED)
      Below is a summary of significant unobservable inputs to the valuation of financial instruments
      together with a quantitative sensitivity analysis as at March 31, 2024 and 2023:

                                                       Significant                                          Sensitivity of fair value
                              Valuation technique      unobservable input         Range                     to the input


      Unlisted equity         Valuation multiples      Average P/S multiple of    3.78 to 4.90              1% (2023: 1%) increase/decrease in
        investments                                      peers                       (2023: 1.95 to 8.18)     multiple would result in
                                                                                                              increase/decrease in fair value
                                                                                                              by RMB1,165,000 to
                                                                                                              RMB3,079,000 (2023: RMB315,000
                                                                                                              to RMB4,658,000)

                                                       (2023: Average P/B         (2023: 3.16)              (2023: 1% increase/decrease in
                                                          multiple of peers)                                   multiple would result in
                                                                                                               increase/decrease in fair value by
                                                                                                               RMB906,000)

                                                       Discount for lack of       13% to 18%                1% (2023: 1%) increase/decrease in
                                                          marketability             (2023: 17% to 30%)        discount would result in
                                                                                                              decrease/increase in fair value
                                                                                                              by RMB247,000 to RMB520,000
                                                                                                              (2023: RMB523,000 to
                                                                                                              RMB1,026,000)

      Unlisted equity         Valuation multiples      Median P/S multiple of     1.29 to 8.98              1% (2023: 1%) increase/decrease in
        investments                                      peers                       (2023: 1.28 to 9.78)     multiple would result in increase
                                                                                                              in fair value by RMB733,000 to
                                                                                                              RMB7,796,000/decrease in fair
                                                                                                              value by RMB729,000 to
                                                                                                              RMB7,796,000 (2023: RMB684,000
                                                                                                              to RMB8,320,000/RMB691,000 to
                                                                                                              RMB8,320,000)

                                                       Discount for lack of       20% to 35%                1% (2023: 1%) increase/decrease in
                                                          marketability             (2023: 20% to 27%)        discount would result in
                                                                                                              decrease/increase in fair value
                                                                                                              by RMB213,000 to RMB1,949,000
                                                                                                              (2023: RMB259,000 to
                                                                                                              RMB2,080,000)


      The discount for lack of marketability represents the amounts of premiums and discounts
      determined by the Group that market participants would take into account when pricing the
      investments.




216     ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2024 Fiscal Year Annual Report
                            NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                                March 31, 2024

35. FAIR VALUE AND FAIR VALUE HIERARCHY OF FINANCIAL
    INSTRUMENTS (CONTINUED)
  Fair value hierarchy

  The following tables illustrate the fair value measurement hierarchy of the Group’s financial
  instruments:

  Assets measured at fair value:

  As at March 31, 2024

                                                       Fair value measurement using
                                               Quoted prices          Significant  Significant
                                                   in active          observable unobservable
                                                    markets                inputs       inputs
                                                   (Level 1)            (Level 2)    (Level 3)                         Total
                                                   RMB’000              RMB’000      RMB’000                        RMB’000

  Equity investment designated at fair value
     through other comprehensive income                       —                    —            101,659              101,659
  Financial assets at fair value through
     profit or loss                                           —                  —           1,567,998             1,567,998
  Bills receivable                                            —              3,043                   —                 3,043


  Total                                                       —              3,043           1,669,657             1,672,700


  As at March 31, 2023

                                                         Fair value measurement using
                                               Quoted prices          Significant          Significant
                                                    in active         observable         unobservable
                                                     markets               inputs               inputs
                                                    (Level 1)           (Level 2)            (Level 3)                  Total
                                                    RMB’000             RMB’000              RMB’000                 RMB’000

  Equity investment designated at fair value
     through other comprehensive income                       —                    —            122,062               122,062
  Financial assets at fair value through
     profit or loss                                           —                   —           1,883,292            1,883,292
  Bills receivable                                            —                 704                   —                  704


  Total                                                       —                 704           2,005,354            2,006,058




                                          ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2024 Fiscal Year Annual Report   217
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
March 31, 2024

35. FAIR VALUE AND FAIR VALUE HIERARCHY OF FINANCIAL
    INSTRUMENTS (CONTINUED)
      Fair value hierarchy (Continued)

      The movements in fair value measurements within Level 3 during the year are as follows:

                                                                                                           2024           2023
                                                                                                        RMB’000        RMB’000

      Equity investment at fair value though other
        comprehensive income
      At April 1                                                                                         122,062        140,900
      Total losses recognized in other comprehensive income                                              (27,888)       (30,090)
      Exchange realignment                                                                                 7,485         11,252


      At March 31                                                                                        101,659        122,062


                                                                                                           2024           2023
                                                                                                        RMB’000        RMB’000

      Financial assets at fair value though profit or loss
      At April 1                                                                                       1,883,292       1,661,490
      Total gains/(loss) recognized in profit or loss                                                   (349,854)         47,917
      Purchases                                                                                                —         142,420
      Exchange realignment                                                                                34,560          31,465


      At March 31                                                                                      1,567,998       1,883,292


      Liabilities measured at fair value:

      The Group did not have any financial liabilities measured at fair value as at March 31, 2024.

      As at March 31, 2023

                                                                         Fair value measurement using
                                                              Quoted prices              Significant     Significant
                                                                   in active             observable    unobservable
                                                                    markets                   inputs          inputs
                                                                   (Level 1)               (Level 2)       (Level 3)       Total
                                                                   RMB’000                 RMB’000         RMB’000      RMB’000

      Contingent consideration included in
        other payables and accruals                                           —                   —          65,292       65,292


218     ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2024 Fiscal Year Annual Report
                            NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                             March 31, 2024

35. FAIR VALUE AND FAIR VALUE HIERARCHY OF FINANCIAL
    INSTRUMENTS (CONTINUED)
  Fair value hierarchy (Continued)

  As at March 31, 2023 (Continued)

  During the year, there were no transfers of fair value measurements between Level 1 and Level
  2 and no transfers into or out of Level 3 for both financial assets and financial liabilities (2023:
  Nil).

  Assets for which fair values are disclosed:

  As at March 31, 2024

                                                    Fair value measurement using
                                          Quoted prices            Significant  Significant
                                              in active            observable unobservable
                                               markets                  inputs       inputs
                                              (Level 1)              (Level 2)    (Level 3)                         Total
                                              RMB’000                RMB’000      RMB’000                        RMB’000

  Long-term time deposits                                  —           644,144                        —           644,144
  Long-term receivables                                    —            28,840                        —            28,840


  Total                                                    —           672,984                        —           672,984


  As at March 31, 2023

                                                      Fair value measurement using
                                          Quoted prices            Significant          Significant
                                               in active           observable         unobservable
                                                markets                 inputs               inputs
                                               (Level 1)             (Level 2)            (Level 3)                  Total
                                               RMB’000               RMB’000              RMB’000                 RMB’000

  Long-term time deposits                                  —                  —                       —                  —
  Long-term receivables                                    —             17,950                       —             17,950


  Total                                                    —             17,950                       —             17,950




                                       ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2024 Fiscal Year Annual Report   219
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
March 31, 2024

36.FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES
      The Group’s principal financial instruments comprise cash and term deposits. The Group has
      various other financial assets and liabilities such as trade receivables and trade payables, which
      arise directly from its operations.

      It is, and has been throughout the year under review, the Group’s policy that no trading in
      financial instruments shall be undertaken.

      The main risks arising from the Group’s financial instruments are credit risk, foreign currency risk
      and liquidity risk. The board of directors reviews and agrees policies for managing each of these
      risks and they are summarized below.

      Credit risk

      The Group trades only with recognized and creditworthy third parties. It is the Group’s policy that
      all customers who wish to trade on credit terms are subject to credit verification procedures. In
      addition, receivable balances are monitored on an ongoing basis.

      The credit risk of the Group’s other financial assets, which comprise cash and cash equivalents
      and other receivables, arises from default of the counterparty, with a maximum exposure equal
      to the carrying amounts of these instruments.

      Further quantitative data in respect of the Group’s exposure to credit risk arising from trade
      receivables are disclosed in note 19 to the financial statements.

      The Group places its cash deposits with major international banks in Hong Kong and
      state-owned banks in Chinese Mainland. This investment policy limits the Group’s exposure to
      concentrations of credit risk.

      Maximum exposure and year-end staging

      The tables below show the credit quality and the maximum exposure to credit risk based on the
      Group’s credit policy, which is mainly based on ageing information unless other information is
      available without undue cost or effort, and year-end staging classification as at March 31. The
      amounts presented are gross carrying amounts for financial assets and the exposure to credit
      risk for the financial guarantee contracts.




220     ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2024 Fiscal Year Annual Report
                            NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                           March 31, 2024

36.FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES
   (CONTINUED)
  Credit risk (Continued)

  Maximum exposure and year-end staging (Continued)

  As at March 31, 2024

                                    12-month
                                        ECLs                          Lifetime ECLs

                                                                                         Simplified
                                     Stage 1            Stage 2           Stage 3        approach                Total
                                    RMB’000            RMB’000           RMB’000          RMB’000             RMB’000

  Trade receivables*                         —                    —                 —        815,780           815,780
  Bills receivable                       3,043                    —                 —              —             3,043
  Financial assets included in
    prepayments, other
    receivables and other assets
    — Normal**                      1,042,658                     —               —                    —    1,042,658
    — Doubtful**                            —                     —           6,760                    —        6,760
  Long-term time deposits
    — Not yet past due                694,000                     —                 —                  —       694,000
  Restricted cash
    — Not yet past due                278,406                     —                 —                  —       278,406
  Cash and cash equivalents
    — Not yet past due              9,553,110                     —                 —                  —    9,553,110


  Total                            11,571,217                     —           6,760          815,780 12,393,757




                                     ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2024 Fiscal Year Annual Report   221
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
March 31, 2024

36.FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES
   (CONTINUED)
      Credit risk (Continued)

      Maximum exposure and year-end staging (Continued)

      As at March 31, 2023

                                                            12-month
                                                                ECLs                            Lifetime ECLs
                                                                                                                Simplified
                                                              Stage 1            Stage 2           Stage 3      approach        Total
                                                             RMB’000            RMB’000           RMB’000        RMB’000     RMB’000

      Trade receivables*                        —                                           —            —        606,627    606,627
      Bills receivable                        704                                           —            —              —        704
      Financial assets included in
        prepayments, other receivables
        and other assets
        — Normal**                        632,979                                           —            —              —    632,979
        — Doubtful**                            —                                           —        6,760              —      6,760
      Long-term time deposits
        — Not yet past due                      —                                           —            —              —          —
      Restricted cash
        — Not yet past due                150,262                                           —            —              —    150,262
      Cash and cash equivalents
        — Not yet past due             10,917,171                                           —            —              — 10,917,171


      Total                                               11,701,116                        —        6,760        606,627 12,314,503

      *      For trade receivables to which the Group applies the simplified approach for impairment, information based on the
             provision matrix is disclosed in note 19 to the financial statements.


      **     The credit quality of the financial assets included in prepayments, other receivables and other assets is considered
             to be “normal” when they are not past due and there is no information indicating that the financial assets had a
             significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition.


      Since the Group trades only with recognized and creditworthy third parties, there is no
      requirement for collateral. Concentrations of credit risk are managed by customer/counterparty,
      by geographical region and by industry sector. There are no significant concentrations of credit
      risk within the Group as the customer bases of the Group’s trade receivables are widely
      dispersed in different sectors and industries.




222        ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2024 Fiscal Year Annual Report
                          NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                             March 31, 2024

36.FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES
   (CONTINUED)
  Foreign currency risk

  The Group has transactional currency exposures. Such exposures arise from the Group’s cash
  and bank balances denominated in currencies other than the functional currencies of the
  operating units.

  The following table demonstrates the sensitivity at the end of the reporting period to a
  reasonably possible change in the RMB exchange rate, with all other variables held constant, of
  the Group’s profit before tax arising from RMB denominated cash and bank balances).

                                                                                                              Increase/
                                                                                     Increase/               (decrease)
                                                                                    (decrease)                  in profit
                                                                                  in RMB rate                before tax
                                                                                            %                  RMB’000

  2024
  If the Hong Kong dollar weakens against RMB                                                     1                 1,681
  If the Hong Kong dollar strengthens against RMB                                                (1)               (1,681)


  2023
  If the Hong Kong dollar weakens against RMB                                                      1                     600
  If the Hong Kong dollar strengthens against RMB                                                 (1)                   (600)

  Liquidity risk

  The Group monitors its risk to a shortage of funds using a recurring liquidity planning tool. This
  tool considers the maturity of both its financial instruments and financial assets (e.g., trade
  receivables) and projected cash flows from operations.




                                       ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2024 Fiscal Year Annual Report     223
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
March 31, 2024

36.FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES
   (CONTINUED)
      Liquidity risk (Continued)

      The maturity profile of the Group’s financial liabilities as at the end of the reporting period,
      based on the contractual undiscounted payments, is as follows:

      As at March 31, 2024

                                                                                      Less than
                                                                                      1 year or
                                                                                    on demand        Over 1 year      Total
                                                                                       RMB’000         RMB’000     RMB’000

      Trade and bills payables                                                           3,350,566            —    3,350,566
      Financial liabilities included in other payables and
        accruals                                                                          598,072             —     598,072
      Lease liabilities                                                                    34,518        49,933      84,451


      Total                                                                              3,983,156       49,933    4,033,089


      As at March 31, 2023

                                                                                      Less than
                                                                                      1 year or
                                                                                    on demand        Over 1 year       Total
                                                                                       RMB’000         RMB’000      RMB’000

      Trade and bills payables                                                           3,714,047            —    3,714,047
      Financial liabilities included in other payables and
        accruals                                                                           603,260             —     603,260
      Lease liabilities                                                                     46,322        51,367      97,689


      Total                                                                              4,363,629        51,367   4,414,996




224     ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2024 Fiscal Year Annual Report
                          NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                            March 31, 2024

36.FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES
   (CONTINUED)
  Capital management

  The Group manages its capital to ensure that entities in the Group will be able to continue as a
  going concern while maximizing the return to stakeholders through the optimization of the debt
  and equity balance. The Group’s overall strategy remains unchanged from that of the prior year.

  The capital structure of the Group consists of equity attributable to owners of the Company,
  comprising issued share capital and reserves.

  The directors of the Company review the capital structure on a regular basis. As part of this
  review, the directors consider the cost of capital and the risks associated with each class of
  capital. Based on recommendations of the directors, the Group will balance its overall capital
  structure through new issues of shares.


37. EVENTS AFTER THE REPORTING PERIOD
  During the period between April 1 and May 27, 2024, 7,934,000 shares of HK$0.01 each were
  repurchased for RSUs to be vested for non-connected persons at a total cash consideration of
  RMB23,366,000.




                                      ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2024 Fiscal Year Annual Report   225
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
March 31, 2024

38.STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION OF THE COMPANY
      Information about the statement of financial position of the Company at the end of the
      reporting period is as follows:

                                                                                              2024          2023
                                                                                           RMB’000       RMB’000

      NON-CURRENT ASSETS
      Investments in subsidiaries                                                        45,361,748    33,892,471
      Due from subsidiaries                                                               7,244,561     8,804,374
      Other intangible assets                                                                   193             —


      Total non-current assets                                                           52,606,502    42,696,845


      CURRENT ASSETS
      Prepayments, other receivables and other accruals                                    149,031       114,258
      Other intangible assets                                                                    —           182
      Restricted cash                                                                       88,625        19,979
      Cash and cash equivalents                                                              2,375         2,101


      Total current assets                                                                 240,031       136,520


      CURRENT LIABILITIES
      Other payables and accruals                                                            94,227        27,459
      Due to subsidiaries                                                                     8,883         9,966


      Total current liabilities                                                            103,110         37,425


      NET CURRENT ASSETS                                                                   136,921         99,095


      TOTAL ASSETS LESS CURRENT LIABILITIES                                              52,743,423    42,795,940


      Net assets                                                                         52,743,423    42,795,940


      EQUITY
      Share capital                                                                         142,780       119,133
      Treasury shares                                                                      (101,946)      (70,482)
      Reserves                                                                           52,702,589    42,747,289


      Total equity                                                                       52,743,423    42,795,940




226     ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2024 Fiscal Year Annual Report
                                        NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                                              March 31, 2024

38.STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION OF THE COMPANY
   (CONTINUED)
  A summary of the Company’s reserves is as follows:

                                                                                                          Employee
                                                        Share                              Exchange     share-based
                                                     premium       Capital Contributed fluctuation compensation Accumulated
                                                      account      reserve       surplus    reserve#         reserve         losses         Total
                                            Notes     RMB’000     RMB’000       RMB’000     RMB’000         RMB’000        RMB’000       RMB’000


  At April 1, 2022                                  43,499,897      58,652        57,741    (648,930)        442,281     (1,061,362) 42,348,279
  Loss for the year                                          —           —             —           —               —        (64,637)      (64,637)
  Translation from functional currency to
      presentation currency                                  —           —             —     185,306               —              —       185,306


  Total comprehensive income for
      the year                                               —           —             —     185,306               —        (64,637)      120,669
  Exercise of share options                             19,345           —             —           —          (6,486)             —        12,859
  Share-based compensation expenses                          —           —             —           —         254,869              —       254,869
  Vested awarded shares transferred to
      employees                              29        214,834      27,002             —           —        (231,223)             —        10,613


  At March 31, 2023 and April 1, 2023               43,734,076      85,654       57,741     (463,624)       459,441     (1,125,999) 42,747,289
  Loss for the year                                          —           —             —           —               —       (15,197)       (15,197)
  Translation from functional currency to
      presentation currency                                  —           —             —   2,346,193               —              —    2,346,193


  Total comprehensive income for
      the year                                               —           —             —   2,346,193               —       (15,197) 2,330,996
  Issue of new shares for acquisition
      under common control                           7,508,952           —             —           —               —              —    7,508,952
  Exercise of share options                              1,256           —             —           —            (380)             —          876
  Share-based compensation expenses                          —           —             —           —        218,121               —      218,121
  Vested awarded shares transferred to
      employees                              29       130,440      (47,461)            —           —       (186,624)              —      (103,645)


  At March 31, 2024                                 51,374,724      38,193       57,741    1,882,569        490,558     (1,141,196) 52,702,589


  #
         The exchange fluctuation reserve represents the differences arising from translating the financial statements from
         HK$ into RMB, the Group’s presentation currency.


39.APPROVAL OF THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
  The financial statements were approved and authorized for issue by the board of directors on
  May 27, 2024.




                                                        ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2024 Fiscal Year Annual Report       227
FINANCIAL SUMMARY

                                                                           Year ended March 31,
                                               2024                  2023                    2022          2021          2020
                                            RMB’000               RMB’000                 RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000
                                                                (Restated)              (Restated)    (Restated)    (Restated)


RESULTS
Revenue                                  27,026,555            26,763,016               20,577,616    15,518,468    9,596,476


Profit/(loss) before tax                      939,399               550,994               (252,514)     401,219          9,094
Income tax expense                            (56,263)              (14,485)               (15,527)     (58,775)       (24,834)


Profit/(loss) for the year                    883,136               536,509               (268,041)     342,444        (15,740)


Attributable to:
Owners of the parent                          883,477               535,653               (267,655)     348,352         (6,630)
Non-controlling interests                        (341)                  856                   (386)      (5,908)        (9,110)


                                              883,136               536,509               (268,041)     342,444        (15,740)


                                                                                As at March 31,
                                               2024                  2023                    2022          2021          2020
                                            RMB’000               RMB’000                 RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000
                                                                (Restated)              (Restated)    (Restated)    (Restated)


ASSETS AND LIABILITIES
Total assets                             19,705,337            20,747,820               19,201,997    17,739,495     7,870,272
Total liabilities                        (5,187,733)           (5,600,621)              (5,132,145)   (3,458,171)   (2,667,801)


                                         14,517,604            15,147,199               14,069,852    14,281,324    5,202,471


Equity attributable to
  owners of the parent                   14,544,212            15,173,573               14,096,039    14,301,670    5,269,101
Non-controlling interests                   (26,608)              (26,374)                 (26,187)      (20,346)     (66,630)


                                         14,517,604            15,147,199               14,069,852    14,281,324    5,202,471




228    ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2024 Fiscal Year Annual Report
