                          Alibaba Group Holding Limited
                          NYSE: BABA
                          HKEX: 9988 (HKD Counter) 89988 (RMB Counter)




Fiscal Year 2025 Annual Report
Contents

2          Our Mission, Our Vision and Our Values
3          Letter from our Chairman and our CEO
5          Business Overview
55         Financial Summary
56         Management Discussion and Analysis
104        Risk Factors
162        Directors, Senior Management and Employees
181        Corporate Governance Report
188        Major Shareholders and Related Party Transactions
204        Directors’ Report
208        Other Information for Shareholders
225        Exemptions and Waivers
229        Definitions
235        Further Information
240        Financial Statements




                                                               Fiscal Year 2025 Annual Report   1
    Our Mission, Our Vision and Our Values

    OUR MISSION
    Our mission is to make it easy to do business anywhere.

    Our founders started our company to champion small businesses, in the belief that the Internet would level the playing field by
    enabling small enterprises to leverage innovation and technology to grow and compete more effectively in domestic and global
    economies. We believe that concentrating on customer needs and solving their problems – whether those customers are consumers,
    merchants or enterprises – ultimately will lead to the best outcome for our business. In the digital era, we are staying true to our
    mission by helping our customers and business partners harness the power of digital technology, AI and cloud infrastructure to
    optimize operations, unlock new opportunities and drive innovation. Our decisions are guided by how they serve our mission over the
    long term, not by the pursuit of short-term gains.




    OUR VISION
    We do not pursue size or power; we aspire to be a good company that will last for 102 years. For a company that was founded in 1999,
    lasting for 102 years means we will have spanned three centuries, an achievement that few companies can claim. Our culture, business
    models and systems are built to last, so that we can achieve sustainability in the long run.




    OUR VALUES
    Our values are fundamental to the way we operate and how we recruit, evaluate and compensate our people.

            •    Customers first, employees second, shareholders third – This reflects our choice of what’s important, in order of
                 priority. Only by creating sustained customer value can employees grow and shareholders achieve long-term benefit.

            •    Trust makes everything simple – Trust is both the most precious and fragile thing in the world. The story of Alibaba is a
                 story of building and cherishing trust. Complexity begets complexity, and simplicity breeds simplicity. Aliren (阿里人)
                 are straightforward – what you see is what you get. With trust, there is no second-guessing or suspicion, and the result is
                 simplicity and efficiency.

            •    Change is the only constant – Whether you change or not, the world is changing, our customers are changing and the
                 competitive landscape is changing. We must face change with respect and humility. Otherwise, we will fail to see it, fail
                 to respect it, fail to understand it and fail to catch up with it. Whether you change yourself or create change, both are the
                 best kinds of change. Embracing change is the most unique part of our DNA.

            •    Today’s best performance is tomorrow’s baseline – In Alibaba’s most challenging times, this spirit has helped us
                 overcome difficulties and survive. In bad times, we know how to motivate ourselves; in good times, we dare to set
                 “dream targets” (stretch goals). Face the future, or we regress. We must shoot for the moon, challenge ourselves,
                 motivate ourselves and exceed ourselves.

            •    If not now, when? If not me, who? – This was a tagline in Alibaba’s first job advertisement and became our first
                 proverb. It is not a question, but a call of duty. This proverb symbolizes the sense of ownership that each Aliren must
                 possess.

            •    Live seriously, work happily – Work is now, life is forever. What you do in your job is up to you, but you have
                 responsibility to the ones who love you. Enjoy work as you enjoy life; treat life seriously as you do work. If you live
                 with purpose, you will find reward. You make Alibaba different and make your loved ones proud. Everyone has their
                 own view of work and life; we respect each person’s choice. Whether you live by this value depends on how you live
                 your life.




2   Alibaba Group Holding Limited
                                       Letter from our Chairman and our CEO

Dear Shareholders,
Fiscal year 2025 marked a year of solid progress as Alibaba Group advanced our “user first, AI-driven” strategy.

This year, we focused on our two core businesses — e-commerce and “AI + Cloud” — which are the twin engines powering our long-
term growth. With AI at the heart of our future, we significantly increased investments in cloud computing and AI infrastructure to
accelerate innovation and drive the industrial adoption of AI technologies.

We also made disciplined moves to streamline our portfolio, including the divestiture of non-core assets such as Sun Art and Intime.
Meanwhile, we steadily improved operating efficiency across our Internet platform businesses. Hujing Digital Media and
Entertainment Group and Amap, for instance, each achieved a profitable quarter in fiscal year 2025. As AI unlocks new synergies
across our diverse ecosystem, we are adopting a group-wide strategy that optimizes holistic value creation.

In the face of historic opportunities brought by AI, we want to share our forward-looking perspective – our strategic positioning,
competitive strengths, and how we intend to capture the next wave of growth.



Strategic Execution and Business Updates
Our first strategic focus, “user first,” continues to guide our Internet platform businesses.

With over 1.1 billion Internet users, China is the world’s largest online retail market, where e-commerce accounts for nearly 27% of
total retail consumption. In China commerce, our Taobao and Tmall Group remained focused on user growth and improving user
experience. As China’s leading e-commerce platform, we also strengthened the operating environment for merchants, supporting those
who offer high-quality products and services. Our efforts to build a sustainable ecosystem that benefits consumers, merchants, and the
platform have gained momentum. In fiscal year 2025, we saw a rise in consumer and merchant trust, which in turn fueled business
acceleration.

In international commerce, Alibaba International Digital Commerce Group (AIDC) delivered robust revenue growth, driven by the
cross-border e-commerce businesses. We enhanced local supply in key markets and diversified our offerings to meet consumer needs
across regions worldwide. Operating efficiency continued to improve, and we remain confident in achieving a profitable quarter for
our international commerce business in the coming fiscal year.

Our second strategic focus, “AI-driven,” reflects our view of AI as both a core driver of business growth and a transformative force for
the future. Over the next decade, AI is expected to reshape every industry. At Alibaba, we are investing aggressively in AI
infrastructure and frontier innovation to enhance global competitiveness and generate long-term business momentum.

Alibaba Cloud, our core business that is driven by AI, benefited from surging AI demand. Public cloud revenue growth accelerated,
and revenue from AI-related products posted triple-digit growth for seven straight quarters, pushing overall revenue to double-digit
growth for the fiscal year.

In foundation models, we are expanding the frontier of model capabilities while remaining committed to open-source development. In
April 2025, we released our next-generation Qwen3 model, which ranked among the top models globally on multiple authoritative
benchmarks. As of the end of April 2025, over 200 models in the Qwen family series had been open-sourced, generating more than
300 million global downloads and over 100,000 derivative models, making Qwen the world’s largest open-source model family.
These achievements reflect our deep expertise in AI research and will help accelerate the adoption of AI across various industries. We
believe our open-source strategy will empower global developers to co-create progress in human intelligence and contribute to the
long-term goal of artificial general intelligence (AGI).

Across our broader Internet platform ecosystem, we are expanding the application of AI with an open and forward-looking mindset.
We believe AI is not only a catalyst for upgrading existing services but also a key to unlocking entirely new user experiences and
value.




                                                                                                       Fiscal Year 2025 Annual Report      3
    Letter from our Chairman and our CEO



    Capital Management and Shareholder Return
    In fiscal year 2025, Alibaba generated strong cash flow from our core businesses. We improved operating efficiency across multiple
    platform businesses, strengthening the foundations of previously loss-making businesses, a number of which are now on track to
    profitability. Our disciplined capital allocation efforts helped unlock shareholder value, including significant capital recovery from the
    divestment of non-core assets such as Sun Art and Intime. This enables us to double down on our core businesses and invest
    strategically in AI.

    To return value to shareholders, we distributed US$4 billion in annual and special dividends for fiscal year 2024 and have announced
    a total of US$4.6 billion in dividends for fiscal year 2025. In addition, we repurchased US$11.9 billion of our shares, which resulted in
    5.1% net reduction in total outstanding shares, driving accretion in earnings per share.

    Looking ahead, we remain committed to enhancing shareholder value through multiple avenues.



    Investing for the Future
    The rapid evolution of AI is ushering in sweeping changes across industries and, with it, unprecedented growth opportunities for
    Alibaba.

    Over the next decade, AI will be the primary driver of incremental value and transformation. For Alibaba, this means developing
    world-class AI models, pushing the limits of model capabilities, and building a globally competitive AI-enabled cloud infrastructure.
    Together, these capabilities will position “AI + Cloud” as our key growth engine for the future.

    To realize this vision, we are ramping up investments in three key areas: AI and cloud infrastructure, AI foundation models and native
    applications, and the AI-driven transformation of our existing businesses. In fiscal year 2025, we announced that our planned
    investment in cloud and AI infrastructure over the next three years will exceed the total investment made in the past decade.

    In this new era, Alibaba is strategically well-positioned. We are a key player in the China cloud computing market and the top cloud
    services provider in Asia Pacific. Alibaba Cloud is expanding its global cloud computing infrastructure and scaling international
    deployment of AI-related products to support the globalization of Chinese enterprises. This presents significant growth potential. With
    our talent, technology and resources, we are confident in capturing these opportunities and building “AI + Cloud” into Alibaba’s
    second growth curve.

    As the AI era begins, Alibaba must embrace a startup mindset — thinking boldly and acting decisively to capture and create new
    opportunities. As we shared with our team and their families on Alibaba Day, we want to reiterate this message to our investors:
    creation, not preservation, is in Alibaba’s DNA. Today, Alibaba is embarking on a new chapter in the AI era with the heart of an
    entrepreneur and the ambition to lead.


    Joe Tsai                                                        Eddie Wu
    Chairman                                                        Chief Executive Officer


    June 26, 2025




4   Alibaba Group Holding Limited
                                                                                             Business Overview

Company Overview
Under our “user first, AI-driven” strategy, we have sharpened our business focus to two core businesses of e-commerce and cloud. We
provide the technology infrastructure and marketing reach to help merchants, brands, retailers and other businesses to leverage the
power of new technology to engage with their users and customers and operate in a more efficient way. We empower enterprises with
our leading cloud and AI infrastructure and services to facilitate their digital transformation and to support the growth of their
businesses. AI technology will also enhance user value across our e-commerce and other Internet platforms to transform our existing
businesses.

In fiscal year 2025, our businesses comprise Taobao and Tmall Group, Alibaba International Digital Commerce Group, Cloud
Intelligence Group, Cainiao Smart Logistics Network Limited, Local Services Group, Hujing Digital Media and Entertainment Group
and All others. An ecosystem has developed around our platforms and businesses that consists of consumers, merchants, brands,
retailers, enterprises, third-party service providers, strategic alliance partners and other businesses.

To advance our “user first” strategy and further enhance overall user experience, in fiscal year 2026 Taobao and Tmall Group, Ele.me
and Fliggy will be merged into China e-commerce business group, to transform our various e-commerce platforms into a
comprehensive consumption platform. At the same time, Cainiao, Amap and Hujing Digital Media and Entertainment Group will be
reclassified to All others.

Taobao and Tmall Group

       China Commerce Retail

We are the largest retail commerce business in the world in terms of GMV in the twelve months ended March 31, 2025, according to
Analysys. Our retail commerce businesses in China, primarily consisting of Taobao and Tmall, have become an important part of the
daily lives of consumers in China.

Leveraging our product and supply chain capabilities as well as fulfillment and delivery expertise, our consumers can enjoy a broad
variety of quality products and services at attractive prices with a wide selection of delivery options that satisfy their varying needs.

       China Commerce Wholesale

1688.com, China’s largest integrated domestic wholesale marketplace in the twelve months ended March 31, 2025 by net revenue
according to Analysys, connects wholesale buyers and sellers across a wide range of categories.

Alibaba International Digital Commerce Group

Alibaba International Digital Commerce Group operates various retail and wholesale platforms to empower brands, merchants and
SMEs to serve global buyers and consumers through wide product selection and differentiated customer experiences.

       International Commerce Retail

Our International commerce retail businesses, including AliExpress, Trendyol and Lazada, empower brands and merchants with local
market insights and critical commerce infrastructure. AliExpress, one of our international e-commerce platforms, enables global
consumers to buy directly from manufacturers and distributors in China and around the world. AliExpress’ Choice, provides an
enhanced experience to consumers by combining better product selection, price and quality with speed of logistics and great customer
support. Trendyol is the leading e-commerce platform in Türkiye in terms of GMV in 2024 according to Euromonitor, and serves
consumers with a broad selection of products and services. Consumers also enjoy the quality and convenient delivery services
provided by Trendyol’s fulfillment and logistics networks. Beyond Türkiye, Trendyol has expanded to other valuable emerging
markets, including the Gulf region, by leveraging its abundant product supply as well as fast and reliable logistics capability. Lazada, a
leading e-commerce platform in Southeast Asia, serves one of the largest markets in the global e-commerce industry by providing
consumers with access to a broad range of offerings from local SMEs, as well as regional and global brands. In addition, Lazada
operates one of the leading e-commerce logistics networks in Southeast Asia, which provides reliable, quality and convenient logistics
services to its consumers and merchants.




                                                                                                         Fiscal Year 2025 Annual Report      5
    Business Overview


           International Commerce Wholesale

    We operate Alibaba.com, China’s largest integrated international online wholesale marketplace in the twelve months ended March 31,
    2025 by revenue, according to Analysys. During fiscal year 2025, buyers who sourced business opportunities or completed
    transactions on Alibaba.com were located across over 190 countries.

    Cloud Intelligence Group

    Alibaba Group is the world’s fourth largest and Asia Pacific’s largest Infrastructure-as-a-service provider by revenue in 2024 in U.S.
    dollars, according to Gartner April 2025 report (Source: Gartner®, “Market Share: Services, Worldwide, 2024”, Neha Sethi et al., 11
    April 2025, Sorted by Infrastructure-as-a-Service (IaaS), Vendor Revenue Basis) (Asia Pacific refers to Mature Asia/Pacific, China
    (Region), Emerging Asia/Pacific and Japan (Region), and market share refers to that of Infrastructure-as-a-Service (IaaS)). Alibaba
    Group is also China’s largest provider of public cloud services by revenue in 2024, including PaaS and IaaS services, according to
    IDC (Source: IDC Semiannual Public Cloud Service Tracker, (2024Q4)). Cloud Intelligence Group offers a complete suite of cloud
    services, including computing, storage, network, security, database, big data, container and AI-related (such as computing services,
    model services and application), serving our ecosystem and beyond. We leverage these product capabilities and technologies to
    provide our customers across various verticals with industry-specific solutions, enabling intelligent business decisions and operations.
    We believe the added value of our cloud services translates into direct and tangible results, and these services have become a critical
    foundation for our customers, many of whom are reputable industry leaders in their respective verticals. Our proprietary large model
    Qwen3 has been integrated into various business applications across Alibaba’s ecosystem to upgrade existing offerings. To empower
    enterprise customers to transform and grow through AI-driven innovation, Cloud Intelligence Group offers its clients access to Qwen
    model series on the cloud, enabling them to develop individualized models for their business scenarios.

    Cainiao Smart Logistics Network Limited

    Cainiao has established a smart logistics network, with end-to-end logistics capabilities, on a global scale. Cainiao controls the key
    nodes of the logistics network to ensure service quality, efficiency and reliability, while leveraging trusted partners’ capabilities to
    drive scalability and capital efficiency. Cainiao provides a wide array of innovative logistics solutions in China and around the world,
    serving both our e-commerce businesses as well as third parties.

    Local Services Group

    We leverage our proprietary mobile and online technology to enhance the efficiency, effectiveness and convenience of consumer
    services through Ele.me and Amap.

    Ele.me, a leading local services and on-demand delivery platform in China, enables consumers to use Ele.me, Taobao and Alipay apps
    to order meals, food, groceries, FMCG, flowers and pharmaceutical products online.

    Amap, a leading provider of mobile digital map, navigation and real-time traffic information in China, provides users with a simple
    one-stop access point to services such as navigation, local services and ride-hailing.

    Hujing Digital Media and Entertainment Group

    In May 2025, Digital Media and Entertainment Group was rebranded to Hujing Digital Media and Entertainment Group, adopting a
    clearer and more defined identity to better connect with users and industry partners. Hujing Digital Media and Entertainment Group is
    committed to its “Content + Technology” dual-pronged strategy, offering omni-channel online and offline entertainment experiences
    to users. Alibaba Pictures was renamed as Damai Entertainment in June 2025 to further enhance its brand awareness and refresh its
    brand strategy across the entire entertainment ecosystem, especially in the offline entertainment market.

    Hujing Digital Media and Entertainment Group is an extension of our strategy to capture consumption opportunities beyond our
    commerce businesses. Insights we gain from our commerce businesses and our proprietary data technology enable us to deliver
    relevant digital media and entertainment content to our consumers, which drives a superior entertainment experience, increases
    customer loyalty and improves monetization for content providers across the ecosystem.

    Hujing Digital Media and Entertainment Group comprises the platforms of Youku and Damai Entertainment. Youku, a leading online
    long-form video platform in China, provides users with captivating online media and interactive experience through its high-quality
    content, and also promotes the transformation of the media industry by applying AI technologies. Damai Entertainment provides
    content production, promotion and distribution, performance and event ticketing management, intellectual property-related licensing
    and commercial operation, cinema ticketing management and Internet data services for the entertainment industry. Through Youku




6   Alibaba Group Holding Limited
                                                                                                        Business Overview


and Damai Entertainment, Hujing Digital Media and Entertainment Group extends its reach across online and offline entertainment
channels, allowing users to discover and enjoy content as well as interact with each other.

All others

We continue to innovate and develop new service and product offerings with the aim of addressing the evolving needs of our
customers, improving efficiency in their daily lives and creating synergies among our ecosystem participants. DingTalk is our
intelligent collaboration workplace and enterprise management platform that offers new ways of working, sharing and collaboration
for enterprises and organizations in the AI era. Quark is a leading AI-powered information services platform in China and provides
users with a one-stop platform for information search, storage, and consumption with its suite of AI-enabled tools and services.

Our Ecosystem

An ecosystem has developed around our platforms and businesses, consisting of consumers, merchants, brands, retailers, enterprises,
third-party service providers, strategic alliance partners and other businesses. At the nexus of this ecosystem are our technology
platform, our marketplace rules and the role we play in connecting these participants to make it possible for them to discover, engage
and transact with each other and manage their businesses anytime and anywhere. Much of our effort, time and energy is spent on
initiatives that are for the greater good of the ecosystem and on balancing the interests of its participants. We feel a strong
responsibility for the continued development of the ecosystem and we take ownership in this development. Accordingly, we refer to
this as “our ecosystem.” Our ecosystem has strong self-reinforcing network effects benefiting its various participants, who are in turn
invested in the growth and success of our ecosystem.

The following chart sets forth our main businesses for fiscal year 2025 by segment:




                                                                                                       Fiscal Year 2025 Annual Report     7
    Business Overview



    Our Strategies
    In the AI era, digital adoption and transformation of our customers are accelerating across different industries. On the consumer retail
    side, online shopping is an indispensable sales channel for retailers, while consumers are seeking enhanced and more efficient
    shopping experience enabled by innovation. For enterprises and organizations, AI technology advancement drives profound industry
    transformation that changes the way people live and work. AI application provides enterprises and organizations with innovative tools
    to elevate productivity to a new level.

    While such transformation presents tremendous opportunities, it requires us to be more focused, innovative and agile in
    establishing strategic priorities and strengthening our competitive advantages. To this aim, we have continued to pursue our “user first,
    AI-driven” strategy and focused on e-commerce and “AI + Cloud”, which have demonstrated accelerating growth momentum in the
    past fiscal year. Looking ahead, we continue to strive to strengthen our leadership and build core capabilities in two strategic areas:
    consumption and “AI + Cloud.”

    E-commerce

    Consumption continues to present significant opportunities in China and globally.

    China’s digital consumption market encompasses diverse value propositions. As a comprehensive consumer platform, Taobao serves a
    broad and varied consumer base. To further strengthen our competitiveness and tap into new growth potential, we adhere to a “user
    first” strategy. This involves expanding the platform’s offerings of high-quality products and services to meet multi-tiered consumer
    demands, ultimately delivering a shopping experience defined by quality products, competitive pricing and exceptional service.

    We continue to invest in user growth and have increased our focus on competitively priced products, customer service and
    membership programs, aimed at delivering an exceptional user experience in all aspects. Across our efforts of executing a multi-tiered
    strategy to cater to all aspects of consumption needs, we view price competitiveness as one of our key value propositions. To make the
    price of our products more appealing to our consumers, we continue to leverage our position as China’s leading e-commerce platform
    to further improve the efficiency of our service offerings and supply chain capabilities. We strive to improve our consumers’ shopping
    experience via a more reliable and multi-tiered delivery experience. Going forward, we will also continue to invest in key AI
    capabilities to further improve shopping experience for our consumers.

    While enhancing consumer experiences, we are also actively improving the operating environment for merchants on our platform. We
    are strengthening support for merchants that provide high-quality products and services to consumers and leveraging AI to boost their
    operating efficiency. Together, we strive to foster a sustainable and mutually beneficial ecosystem for all stakeholders.

    Despite evolving complexities in the global macro environment, we remain firmly committed to providing a multi-tiered suite of
    product and service offerings to our consumers worldwide, and creating growth opportunities for our global merchants and partners.
    Our core globalization strategies are supported by our robust ecosystem of consumption and technology.

    First, we are dedicated to building a leading digitalized global supply chain network. Leveraging our established supply network with
    a vast variety of product supplies and our global logistics network, we aim to integrate and upgrade the two networks into a digitalized
    global supply chain network anchored by local merchandise and logistics hubs covering respective overseas markets. We believe that
    our localized business strategies and tailored product offerings across different countries and regions will enable us to better serve
    overseas consumers and strengthen our competitive advantage. Second, we will continue to invest in AI and digitalized retail
    technologies, to unlock operational synergies across different platforms and markets, and further spur innovation for consumer
    experience. Third, we will focus our efforts in key strategic markets, improve operating efficiency and pursue growth opportunities
    with ideal return on investments.

    “AI + Cloud”

    AI represents a pivotal opportunity for industry transformation. We believe the deep integration of cloud and AI will form the most
    critical infrastructure that plays a fundamental role in transformation across various industries. The AI era presents tremendous growth
    opportunities. To capitalize on this, our cloud computing business adheres to an “AI-driven, public cloud first” strategy, aiming to
    establish a cloud infrastructure network with AI-enabled service capabilities and world-class technological competitiveness, to fuel
    high-quality future growth.

    First, our growth strategy is fundamentally driven by our AI technological capabilities, with AI foundation models playing an
    important role in transforming industry productivity. We will continue to invest in proprietary AI foundation models to maintain




8   Alibaba Group Holding Limited
                                                                                                        Business Overview


technological leadership, while expanding our open-source initiatives to build a thriving open-source ecosystem around Qwen. We
aim to promote AI application and innovation among global developers, startups and enterprises across diverse industries, fostering a
prosperous AI ecosystem through collaboration.

The computational demands of large-scale AI models require reliable cloud infrastructure for optimal efficiency, creating clear and
massive demand for cloud services in the AI era. We will continue to invest in AI and cloud infrastructure. We remain committed to
building a reliable, efficient and globally distributed AI infrastructure network that empowers our customers and ecosystem partners to
capture growth opportunities in the AI era.

Second, we will prioritize growth initiatives in our public cloud core business. We believe that, by scaling our public cloud business,
we will not only be able to improve the quality of revenues in the short term but also benefit from economies of scale in the long run.
Therefore, we will continue to invest into the core products of public cloud offerings to further improve the quality of revenues.

In addition, we believe there are significant opportunities to be captured outside China by addressing the cloud services needs of
international customers and Chinese customers expanding overseas. Leveraging our proven expertise from the Chinese market, we
strive to offer industry-leading and cost-effective technologies and products that are competitive on the global stage. Looking ahead,
to deliver tailored, customer-centric support to global enterprises and organizations, we will further expand the coverage of our global
infrastructure network and localized support teams, accelerate the establishment of a global cloud computing network and promote the
globalization of AI-related products. We believe that our continued commitment to long-term growth and investment in overseas
markets will unlock incremental growth opportunities for us.

Environmental, Social and Governance Responsibilities

ESG, as the foundation of our long-term strategy, not only provides a framework for solving a series of global challenges, but is
fundamental to Alibaba’s journey towards lasting 102 years. We believe we can only create and sustain a profitable and prosperous
business by bringing about positive changes to society. We are committed to assuming greater responsibility while pursuing business
excellence as the operator of a platform economy. See “— Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG).”


Our Businesses
Taobao and Tmall Group

          China Commerce Retail

We operate the largest retail commerce business in the world in terms of GMV in the twelve months ended March 31, 2025, according
to Analysys. Our retail commerce businesses in China, primarily consisting of Taobao and Tmall, have become an important part of
the daily lives of consumers in China. Consumers can access our various marketplaces, channels, features and content within our
ecosystem through the Taobao app. Empowered by our commerce technologies and services, we appeal to a massive consumer base
by providing them with diversified and comprehensive offerings at attractive prices supported by quality services.

      •     Consumers

            We serve a large and diversified consumer base in China, across both large cities and less-developed areas, and we
            continue to grow our user base. We believe our platforms continue to appeal to consumers at various income levels and
            address all aspects of consumption needs. We focus on enhancing user experience on our platform, which has driven
            increased consumer engagement over time. Generally, the longer the consumers have been with us, the more orders they
            tend to place across a more diverse range of product categories. 88VIP members, our highest spending consumer group,
            showed a similar level of retention rate in fiscal year 2025 compared to that of fiscal year 2024.

      •     Products and Services

            We believe our ecosystem offers the most comprehensive range of products and services among global commerce
            platforms to meet the diverse demands of our massive and diversified consumer base across different segments. We have
            developed a digital commerce infrastructure that offers an upgraded consumer experience by seamlessly integrating online
            and offline capabilities for our marketplaces and direct sales businesses. Leveraging our product and supply chain
            capabilities, consumers can enjoy a broad variety of quality products, such as branded products, imported goods, products
            sourced directly from manufacturers and farms as well as idle goods. We have also developed logistics expertise and
            capabilities that allow us to offer a full range of high-frequency fulfillment services to satisfy consumer demand. Our




                                                                                                       Fiscal Year 2025 Annual Report      9
     Business Overview


               comprehensive delivery options include on-demand delivery, half-day delivery, same-or-next-day delivery and next-day
               pick-up services, which capture the varying needs of consumers living in large cities and less-developed areas. Our key
               businesses are:

                         o   Taobao and Tmall

                    Taobao means “search for treasure” in Chinese. Taobao serves as the starting point and destination portal for many
                    users’ shopping journey and provides a top-level traffic funnel that directs users to the various marketplaces,
                    channels and features within our ecosystem. Through the Taobao app, consumers can also access display listings
                    from Tmall merchants and brands, as well as our various other marketplaces. Consumers from both large cities and
                    less-developed areas come to Taobao to enjoy an engaging and personalized shopping experience, optimized by our
                    data analytics and technology.

                    Tmall caters to consumers’ demand for high-quality products and premium shopping experience. A large number of
                    international and Chinese brands and retailers have established storefronts on Tmall. Tmall is the partner of choice
                    for brands. Brands and retailers operate their own storefronts on Tmall with unique brand identities and look and
                    feel, accompanied by full control over their own branding and merchandising. Because of the presence of a large
                    number of brands and the stringent standards required for merchants, brands and retailers to join and operate on
                    Tmall, a presence on Tmall has become a validation of quality, allowing merchants, brands and retailers to take
                    advantage of our significant traffic to extend and build brand awareness and customer engagement. Major
                    international brands that have physical operations in China are well represented on Tmall.

                         ο   Tmall Global

                    Tmall Global addresses the increasing demand of consumers in China for international products and brands. Tmall
                    Global serves as the premier platform through which overseas brands and retailers reach consumers in China, build
                    brand awareness and gain valuable consumer insights to form their overall China strategies, without the need for
                    physical operations in China. We believe Tmall Global is a leading import e-commerce platform in China.

                         o   Tmall Supermarket

                    Tmall Supermarket offers daily necessities, FMCG and general merchandise through Taobao app with same-or-
                    next-day delivery services. By leveraging our technology capabilities and consumer insights, Tmall Supermarket
                    facilitates the digital transformation of its offline partners, enhancing their supply chain management capabilities.

                         ο   Xianyu

                    Xianyu is China’s largest consumer-to-consumer community and marketplace for idle goods, in terms of GMV for
                    the twelve months ended March 31, 2025, according to Analysys. Through Xianyu, consumers can find a wide
                    variety of second-hand goods, recycled goods, consignment, items for rent, and long-tail products, offered by
                    individual users and small businesses.


         •     Consumer and Merchant Experience

               We aim to provide an immersive and personalized shopping experience with engaging content and quality service to our
               consumers. The massive amount of user and merchant activities taking place every day on our China commerce retail
               platforms generate significant consumer insights. By leveraging proprietary AI and data technologies, we are able to
               aggregate and build on deep consumer insights to provide more accurate search results and relevant recommendation
               feeds that enhance the shopping experience for our consumers. Our various commerce platforms also enable merchants to
               engage with consumers through a variety of formats, including livestreaming, short-form videos, interactive games and
               microblogs. We continue to introduce interactive features and innovative formats to facilitate user engagement with
               brands, merchants and content creators. Along with these features and formats, our relevant and engaging entertainment
               content plays an important role in consumers’ product discovery process and shopping journey, and drives user stickiness
               and retention on our various platforms. In addition, we adopted a more open approach for payment and logistics services
               to make shopping on our platform more convenient to a larger base of consumers as part of our commitment to providing
               consumers with quality services which we believe is key to our “user first” strategy.




10   Alibaba Group Holding Limited
                                                                                                     Business Overview


           On the merchant end, we focus on improving their operating environment and help them enhance efficiency. Merchants,
           brands and retailers turn to Taobao and Tmall not only for their broad user base, but also for their consumer insights and
           technology. Taobao and Tmall have driven the digitalization and transformation of merchants, brands and retailers by
           enabling them to digitalize their operations, engage, acquire and retain consumers, increase brand recognition, innovate
           product offerings, manage supply chains and enhance operating efficiency. In particular, Taobao and Tmall offer a variety
           of one-stop brand marketing and promotional products to help merchants, brands and retailers quickly acquire new users,
           launch new products and to improve conversions. Merchants, brands and retailers can easily create storefronts and listings
           on Taobao and Tmall.

           We provide merchants with diversified marketing services to enhance their business performance. Taobao and Tmall
           merchants can purchase P4P, in-feed marketing and display marketing and software services to direct traffic to their
           storefronts. In addition, merchants can acquire additional traffic from third-party marketing affiliates to further expand
           their reach. In fiscal year 2025, we launched our new AI-empowered platform-wide marketing tool, Quanzhantui, which
           features automated bidding, optimized targeting and performance dashboard visualization. We have seen increasing
           penetration of Quanzhantui due to its convenience of use and improvement of marketing efficiency. Additionally, to
           ensure merchant’s sustainable development on our platform, we implemented a series of merchant-friendly measures such
           as “Tuihuobao (a subscription service to improve the return process)” to reduce their cost and support their long-term
           growth.

     •      Branding and Monetization Platforms - Alimama, our proprietary monetization platform

           Alimama is our monetization platform. Using our proprietary technology, this platform matches the marketing demands of
           merchants, brands and retailers on all of the platforms in our ecosystem with the media resources on our own platforms
           and third-party properties. The platform supports P4P marketing and software services based on keyword search rankings,
           in-feed marketing targeting different groups of consumers, or display marketing at fixed positions that are bid on through
           auctions, as well as cost per thousand impression (CPM)-based, time-based marketing formats, or individual campaigns at
           fixed cost, through the display of photos, graphics, videos and livestreaming.

           The ranking of P4P search results on our marketplaces is based upon proprietary algorithms that take into account the bid
           price of keywords, the popularity and quality of an item, service or merchant, as well as customer feedback rankings of
           the merchant or service provider. Our in-feed and display marketing and software services take these factors into
           consideration, along with other consumer insights generated across our ecosystem, to further deliver an engaging and
           relevant content discovery process and shopping experience to our consumers through livestreaming, short-form videos,
           interactive games and other formats. The relevance and comprehensiveness of insights based on commercial activity and
           user activity in our ecosystem as well as our AI capabilities such as Quanzhantui which provide a unique advantage for
           Alimama to deliver the most relevant information to users through highly engaging content and effective format, which in
           turn enables merchants to improve their efficiency and ensure their sustainable development on our platform.

           Alimama also has an affiliate marketing program that places marketing displays on third-party apps and websites, thereby
           enabling marketers, if they so choose, to extend their marketing and promotional reach to properties and users beyond our
           own platforms. Our affiliate marketing program not only provides additional traffic to our marketplaces, but also
           generates revenue to us.

           Alimama operates Taobao Ad Network and Exchange, or TANX, one of the largest real-time online bidding marketing
           exchanges in China. TANX helps publishers monetize their media inventories both on mobile apps and web properties.
           TANX automates the buying and selling of tens of billions of marketing impressions on a daily basis.


         China Commerce Wholesale

         1688.com

1688.com, China’s largest integrated domestic wholesale marketplace in the twelve months ended March 31, 2025 by net revenue,
according to Analysys, provides sourcing and online transaction services by connecting manufacturers and wholesale sellers to
wholesale buyers in China. These manufacturers, wholesale sellers and wholesale buyers typically trade office supplies, apparel,
accessories, packaging materials, kitchen appliances, sports and outdoor, among other categories. Sellers may purchase a China
TrustPass membership for an annual subscription fee to list items on 1688.com, reach customers, provide quotations and transact on
the marketplace without any additional charges. In fiscal year 2025, the number of paying members maintained stable growth and
exceeded 1 million. Paying members may also pay for premium memberships and value-added services, such as premium data
analytics and upgraded storefront management tools, as well as customer management services, such as P4P marketing and software




                                                                                                    Fiscal Year 2025 Annual Report      11
     Business Overview


     services from the website and app. In fiscal year 2025, value-added services and customer management services together contributed
     the majority of 1688.com’s total revenue.

     In fiscal year 2025, 1688.com introduced a series of AI tools that enhance the day-to-day operations of buyers and sellers. Buyers can
     source products more efficiently via smart search, price comparison and product review analyses. Sellers can streamline their store
     management and product listing processes using innovative features such as AI digital assistant and intelligent product highlights
     generation.

     Alibaba International Digital Commerce Group

     Alibaba International Digital Commerce Group operates various retail and wholesale platforms including AliExpress, Trendyol,
     Lazada and Alibaba.com.

              International Commerce Retail

     In fiscal year 2025, our international commerce retail businesses together achieved 33% revenue growth, primarily driven by strong
     performance in cross-border operations and supported by technological innovation, business model enhancement, supply chain
     upgrade and enhanced consumer experience.

              AliExpress

     AliExpress is a global e-commerce platform targeting consumers around the world and enabling them to buy directly from
     manufacturers and distributors in China and around the world. Consumers can access the marketplace through AliExpress’ mobile app
     or websites. As of March 31, 2025, AliExpress covered over 200 countries and regions globally.

     AliExpress continues to expand its regional merchant networks and supply chains to make available more localized products and
     better services for consumers in their respective regions. AliExpress’ Choice provides an enhanced experience to consumers by
     combining better product selection, price and quality with speed of logistics and great customer support. Consumers in selected
     countries can enjoy free shipping, free returns and delivery quality guarantees.

              Trendyol

     Trendyol is the leading e-commerce platform in Türkiye in terms of GMV in 2024 according to Euromonitor, and serves consumers
     with a broad selection of products and services. Consumers also enjoy quality and convenient delivery services provided by
     Trendyol’s fulfillment and logistics networks. Beyond Türkiye, Trendyol has expanded to other valuable emerging markets, including
     the Gulf region, by leveraging its abundant product supply and fast and reliable logistics capability.

              Lazada

     Lazada, a leading e-commerce platform in Southeast Asia, serves one of the largest markets in the global e-commerce industry by
     providing consumers with access to a broad range of offerings from local SMEs, and regional and global brands. Additionally, Lazada
     operates one of the leading e-commerce logistics network in Southeast Asia, serving its consumers and merchants with reliable,
     quality and convenient logistics services that are critical to online shopping experience in Southeast Asia. In fiscal year 2025,
     Lazada’s unit economics continued to improve year-over-year.

              International Commerce Wholesale

     Alibaba.com is China’s largest integrated international online wholesale marketplace in terms of revenue in the twelve months ended
     March 31, 2025, according to Analysys. It connects Chinese and overseas suppliers to overseas wholesale buyers, who are typically
     trade agents, wholesalers, retailers, manufacturers and SMEs engaged in the import and export business, and provides them with
     sourcing, online transaction, digital marketing, digital supply chain fulfillment and financial services.

     Sellers on Alibaba.com may purchase an annual membership to reach customers, provide quotations and transact on the marketplace.
     As of March 31, 2025, Alibaba.com had over 240,000 paying members from China and around the world. Sellers may also purchase
     additional value-added services to manage product listings and facilitate transaction processes, such as upgraded storefront
     management tools, customer relationship management SaaS services, trade assurance and logistics fulfillment services, as well as
     customer management services, such as P4P marketing and software services from the website and app. In fiscal year 2025, value-
     added services and customer management services together contributed the majority of Alibaba.com’s total revenue. Additionally,




12   Alibaba Group Holding Limited
                                                                                                         Business Overview


during the same period, over 49 million buyers from over 190 countries sourced business opportunities or completed transactions on
Alibaba.com.

During fiscal year 2025, we released our AI-enabled business-to-business search engine, aiming to innovate the business-to-business
experience by leveraging AI technology while empowering SMEs to more effectively engage in global trade.

Cloud Intelligence Group

Alibaba Group is the world’s fourth largest and Asia Pacific’s largest Infrastructure-as-a-service provider by revenue in 2024 in U.S.
dollars, according to Gartner April 2025 report (Source: Gartner®, “Market Share: Services, Worldwide, 2024”, Neha Sethi et al., 11
April 2025, Sorted by Infrastructure-as-a-Service (IaaS), Vendor Revenue Basis) (Asia Pacific refers to Mature Asia/Pacific, China
(Region), Emerging Asia/Pacific and Japan (Region), and market share refers to that of Infrastructure-as-a-Service (IaaS)). Alibaba
Group is also China’s largest provider of public cloud services by revenue in 2024, including PaaS and IaaS services, according to
IDC (Source: IDC Semiannual Public Cloud Service Tracker, (2024Q4)). China’s cloud computing industry is still at an early stage of
development. In 2024, the revenue of China’s public cloud service market, including IaaS, PaaS and SaaS markets, only accounted for
0.2% of China’s GDP, which is significantly lower than that of the U.S. and indicates tremendous room for growth. The industry has
experienced significant growth in recent years with increasing adoption of both infrastructure services and value-added services by
enterprises.

The technologies that power Cloud Intelligence Group originally grew out of the massive scale and complexity of the needs of our
China commerce businesses, which encompass commerce, payments and logistics. Leveraging our full-stack cloud capabilities and
proprietary products portfolio, Cloud Intelligence Group offers a comprehensive suite of cloud services based on a three-tiered
architecture of infrastructure-as-a-service (IaaS), platform-as-a-service (PaaS) and model-as-a-service (MaaS) to customers
worldwide. These services not only enable our customers to build a flexible, scalable, affordable and secure technology infrastructure,
but also equip them with leading data capabilities that efficiently handle complex management, analytics and machine learning tasks,
thereby generating significant business insights and enabling intelligent business decisions and operations. We leverage these
capabilities and technologies to support our ecosystem and provide our customers across various verticals with industry-specific
solutions, including those for commerce, financial services and industrial applications. In addition, as part of our globalization
strategy, Cloud Intelligence Group continued to expand our international cloud computing infrastructure to better serve our customers’
needs in overseas markets. As of March 31, 2025, Cloud Intelligence Group offered computing services in 34 regions globally.

Cloud Intelligence Group has achieved significant advances in model-as-a-service (MaaS), by leveraging its robust foundation in
infrastructure-as-a-service (IaaS) and platform-as-a-service (PaaS). Cloud Intelligence Group has built a comprehensive MaaS
ecosystem, with Alibaba Cloud model studio (Bailian) and ModelScope at its core. Through Bailian platform, Cloud Intelligence
Group provides high-performance, cost-effective model platform services to customers, supporting the training, fine-tuning and
inference of large-scale models, including its proprietary Qwen model series. In fiscal year 2025, Bailian recorded rapid user growth.
We believe ModelScope is China’s largest AI model community in terms of number of models available, that aggregates a vast
number of AI models and users.

Alibaba’s Qwen model series have achieved significant milestones in terms of performance, functionality and ecosystem
development. Qwen has open-sourced a suite of models, encompassing a full spectrum of scale and multi-modal capabilities and
supporting 119 languages and dialects. We believe the open-source strategy has empowered the Qwen model series to become the
largest AI model family worldwide in terms of number of derivative models, with many derivative models ranking among the top
performers in internationally recognized benchmarks. In April 2025, we launched the Qwen3 series, a new generation of hybrid
reasoning models that combine the capabilities of fast, simple responses and deeper chain-of-thought reasoning into a single model.
The Qwen3 series are fully open sourced and covers a full range of model sizes, ranking amongst the top performers globally on
multiple authoritative benchmarks. These achievements further solidify Cloud Intelligence Group’s leading position in the global AI
and cloud computing industry.

Our self-developed distributed deep learning platform, Platform for AI (PAI), and our Lingjun Intelligent Computing Service adopt
leading software-hardware integrated optimization technology, which feature large-scale cluster scalability, as well as outstanding
acceleration ratio and stability in large model training. PAI supports the fine-tuning and deployment of mainstream open-source large
models, provides a serverless service mode and offers various inference efficiency optimization solutions.

Our data centers utilize a leading distributed fault-tolerant architecture, advanced self-developed power and cooling equipment, AI-
driven intelligent monitoring and operation technologies to provide reliable support, with high elasticity and high-density capabilities,
to our intelligent computing business. Combined with a high proportion of clean energy use, our data centers provide stable, secure,
efficient, agile, and green infrastructure services.




                                                                                                        Fiscal Year 2025 Annual Report      13
     Business Overview


     Cloud Intelligence Group’s unique advantages lie in our proprietary technology and continued commitment to invest in research and
     development of new product offerings and industry-specific solutions for our customers and partners. Cloud Intelligence Group
     continues to attract customers that are reputable and have the potential to adopt cloud services at a meaningful scale. In fiscal year
     2025, Cloud Intelligence Group served approximately 63% of A-share listed companies in China. As digital transformation
     accelerates, our customers, especially those from traditional verticals, have increased their usage of our cloud services. We believe our
     cloud services have become a critical foundation that many of our customers increasingly depend on in their daily operations.

     Cainiao Smart Logistics Network Limited

     Cainiao has established a smart logistics network, with end-to-end logistics capabilities, on a global scale. Cainiao controls the key
     nodes of the logistics network to ensure service quality, efficiency and reliability, while leveraging trusted partners’ capabilities to
     drive scalability and capital efficiency. Cainiao provides a wide array of innovative logistics solutions in China and around the world,
     serving both our e-commerce businesses as well as third parties.

              International Logistics

     Our international logistics business offers three main services: cross-border express delivery, global supply chain and overseas local
     logistics services. We provide a comprehensive suite of cross-border express delivery solutions primarily for merchants, brands and e-
     commerce platforms selling goods from and into China. We also provide one-stop global supply chain solutions that enable efficient
     global inventory deployment and order fulfillment and empower brands and merchants to offer a close-to-local retail experience for
     consumers.

              China Logistics

     We offer brands and merchants a suite of end-to-end standardized supply chain solutions that can be applied on a massive scale across
     various industries, as well as certain vertical solutions to address the unique requirements of products that need special handling.
     Cainiao supports brands and merchants for their sales through various e-commerce platforms operated by us, such as Taobao and
     Tmall, as well as a wide array of other e-commerce platforms, digital and offline channels, and also serves Tmall Supermarket, a
     direct sales channel we operate.

              Technology and Other Services

     Cainiao offers a wide array of technology and other services to remove logistics hurdles and address unfulfilled customer needs.
     Cainiao offers a suite of practical and cost-effective logistics technology solutions, encompassing automation, digital supply chain and
     smart hardware solutions, in order to improve efficiency and cost-effectiveness across the logistics value chain.

     Local Services Group

     We leverage our proprietary mobile and online technology to enhance the efficiency, effectiveness and convenience of consumer
     services through Ele.me and Amap. In fiscal year 2025, Local Services Group recorded healthy order volume growth year-over-year,
     with losses significantly narrowed due to improving operating efficiency and business scale.
     Ele.me, a leading local services and on-demand delivery platform in China, enables consumers to use Ele.me, Taobao and Alipay apps
     to order meals, food, groceries, FMCG, flowers and pharmaceutical products online. In addition, Fengniao Logistics, Ele.me’s on-
     demand delivery network, provides last-mile logistics services for Alibaba Health and brands, including delivery of meals, food,
     groceries, FMCG and pharmaceutical products. Ele.me leverages AI to help merchants set up online stores within minutes and
     improve operating efficiency, while providing delivery riders with AI-powered voice assistance that supports multiple delivery
     scenarios, enhancing safety, efficiency and the overall delivery experience. In fiscal year 2025, Ele.me’s losses significantly narrowed
     driven by improving operating efficiency and business scale.

     Amap, a leading provider of mobile digital map, navigation and real-time traffic information in China, provides users with a simple
     one-stop access point to services such as navigation, local services and ride-hailing. Amap enhances navigation experience through
     AI-powered geographic modeling and voice agent, and provides informative services by leveraging AI generated content. In addition,
     Amap provides digital map data, navigation software and real-time traffic information to automobile manufacturers as well as
     aftermarket consumers in China. Amap also empowers major platforms and infrastructural service providers, including our China
     commerce retail platforms, Cainiao and Alipay. During National Day holiday in October 2024, Amap recorded an all-time high of
     over 300 million peak daily active users. As part of Amap’s global expansion, Amap has also seen a surge in adoption among users
     outside Chinese mainland.




14   Alibaba Group Holding Limited
                                                                                                        Business Overview


Hujing Digital Media and Entertainment Group

Hujing Digital Media and Entertainment Group leverages our deep consumer insights to serve the broader interests of consumers
through Youku and Damai Entertainment, which provide comprehensive entertainment offerings including online videos, films and
live events, among others.

         Youku

Youku, a leading online long-form video platform in China, produces and distributes high-quality video content, enabling users to
search, view and share such content quickly and easily across multiple devices. The Youku brand is among the most-recognized
online video brands in China.

Insights we gain from our ecosystem and our proprietary technology enable Youku to leverage AI technology to deliver relevant and
captivating content to its users. According to Enlightent, “The Double” (墨雨云间), which was distributed exclusively by Youku,
ranked no. 2 by online views among all television series aired on online video platforms during fiscal year 2025.

We offer a diverse range of digital media and entertainment content using a sustainable production and acquisition approach. First, we
provide self-produced content. Second, we jointly produce content with studios, some of which are distributed exclusively on our
platforms. Third, we acquire rights to display content on our digital media and entertainment platforms pursuant to licensing
agreements with rights holders. Lastly, we offer an open platform on which user-generated content and professional-generated content
are produced and distributed.

         Damai Entertainment

Damai Entertainment has a diversified business model, providing content production, promotion and distribution, performance and
event ticketing management, IP-related licensing and operations, cinema ticketing management as well as data services for the
entertainment industry. Damai Entertainment’s subsidiary Damai is a comprehensive live performances service provider in China,
providing ticketing management for events including concerts, plays and sports events. In fiscal year 2025, Damai maintained its
leading position in the concert ticketing industry by serving almost all large-scale concerts in China and recorded rapid year-over-year
GMV growth. In addition, Damai Entertainment continues to tap into high-quality IP and explore IP commercialization.

All others

All others include Freshippo, Alibaba Health, Lingxi Games, Intelligent Information Platform (which mainly consists of UCWeb and
Quark businesses), Fliggy, DingTalk, Sun Art, Intime and other businesses. In fiscal year 2025, the sale of Sun Art was completed and
the sale of Intime was substantially completed.

         DingTalk

DingTalk is our intelligent collaboration workplace and enterprise management platform that offers new ways of working, sharing and
collaboration for enterprises and organizations in the AI era. Millions of enterprises and users use DingTalk to stay connected and
work remotely. In March 2025, DingTalk’s average paying weekly active users was 42 million. According to QuestMobile, DingTalk
is the largest business efficiency mobile app in China by monthly active users in March 2025.

DingTalk provides a comprehensive suite of solutions for enterprise collaboration, including real-time communication, organizational
management and various network collaboration tools such as office automation, human resources management, workflow
management, collaborative editing of cloud documents, video conference and calendars. Enterprises can also enjoy convenient access
to a broad range of applications, including those offered by third-party service providers, that are seamlessly integrated with
DingTalk’s platform. In addition, DingTalk offers a low-code development infrastructure that enables enterprises to develop
customized solutions in a more convenient and cost-efficient manner. DingTalk has also introduced a suite of AI products and AI
agents leveraging Alibaba’s Qwen model series, enabling enterprises to harness AI technology on DingTalk. DingTalk is committed
to revolutionizing intelligent working in the AI era, empowering global enterprises to embrace AI.




                                                                                                       Fiscal Year 2025 Annual Report      15
     Business Overview


              Quark

     Quark is a leading AI information services platform in China. As of the end of fiscal year 2025, Quark’s monthly active users
     exceeded 200 million, representing rapid year-over-year growth. Quark leverages generative AI technology to develop various tools
     and services, including intelligent search, Quark cloud drive, AI camera, Quark learning and Quark documents. Quark provides users
     with comprehensive one-stop offerings for information search, processing, consumption and storage, which enable users to efficiently
     and conveniently access and manage diverse digital content relevant to their studies, work and daily lives.

              Freshippo

     Freshippo, our new retail platform for groceries and fresh goods, integrates advanced technology and AI to redefine a healthy and
     convenient retail experience. Leveraging its excellent product innovation and research and development capabilities, robust supply
     chain management and multi-layer and multi-temperature logistics and fulfillment infrastructure, Freshippo continues to optimize its
     product matrix and build up private label offerings to deliver high-quality and healthy selections for consumers. By embedding AI
     capabilities across the entire retail value chain, Freshippo is building a new consumption paradigm by seamlessly integrating online
     and offline retail experiences and continues to drive operating efficiency through technology. In fiscal year 2025, Freshippo
     strategically focused on selected retail formats and expanded footprints to additional emerging cities and counties, which continues to
     strengthen the brand’s reputation among consumers. As a result, Freshippo’s overall GMV exceeded RMB 75 billion in fiscal year
     2025. Freshippo Supermarket, one of Freshippo’s core retail format, operates over 420 stores with online transactions contributing
     more than 60% of Freshippo Supermarket’s GMV in fiscal year 2025. During the same period, Freshippo achieved positive full-year
     adjusted EBITA for the first time, attributable to the scalability and sustainability of the business.

              Alibaba Health

     Alibaba Health, our flagship platform in the healthcare sector, deeply integrates AI technology with pharmaceutical and healthcare
     service capabilities across the entire value chain. Alibaba Health has built an intelligent healthcare ecosystem that seamlessly
     combines online and offline capabilities. With a focus on user needs, we leverage AI technology to empower the intelligent
     transformation of medical and doctor services, enhancing the accessibility of pharmaceutical and health products as well as service
     efficiency. In addition, we actively explore innovative approaches for “AI+Healthcare” industry transformation.


     Sales and Marketing
     Our sales and marketing efforts emanate from the fundamental pillars that constitute our ecosystem, which include Taobao and Tmall
     Group, Alibaba International Digital Commerce Group, and Cloud Intelligence Group. We have wide consumer recognition of our
     brands and enjoy significant organic traffic through word-of-mouth. We believe the reputation and ubiquitous awareness of our brands
     and platforms in China and abroad provide us with the best and most cost-efficient marketing channel. In addition, we continue to
     improve our user experience by enriching interactive content, broadening the assortment of value-for-money products and investing in
     membership program benefits under our “user first” strategy. By expanding our payment and logistics options, we are making
     shopping on our platform more convenient to a larger and more diversified user base. During fiscal year 2025, we enhanced our
     marketing efforts, such as by organizing a highly coordinated marketing and promotional campaign for the 11.11 Global Shopping
     Festival and AliExpress’ Black Friday promotion, in order to expand our user base both within China and abroad. We expect to
     continue allocating our resources in future marketing activities. We also expect to enhance our monetization capability through
     leveraging our AI and data technologies to develop and offer more personalized and innovative services, so as to improve customer
     experience and wallet share. Furthermore, our major business segments and other elements in our ecosystem provide synergistic
     advantages and create cross-promotional opportunities.

     Our Cloud business remains committed to continually upgrading our products and services to better facilitate the digital
     transformation and long-term sustainable growth of our customers. We have established a professional in-house sales team that works
     closely with our solution architects and product team to provide product recommendation and services to our customers. We have also
     conducted a variety of marketing activities to promote our brand and products and grow our customer base on an ongoing basis.




16   Alibaba Group Holding Limited
                                                                                                         Business Overview



Our Technology
Technology is key to our success in achieving efficiency, improving user experience, and enabling innovation. Our world-class
proprietary technology supports peak order volumes of up to hundreds of thousands per second, delivers tens of billions of online
marketing impressions per day, and enables millions of merchants, brands and other businesses to conduct their operations efficiently
and effectively. The uniqueness of our technology lies in the unparalleled large-scale application environment due to the scale of our
businesses as well as our diverse range of product and service offerings. By continually applying our technology across our
businesses, we generate knowledge and innovations that drive improvements and further technological development.

Our research and development team members play key roles in various international standardization organizations in areas such as
security, and actively participate in international open-source foundations focusing on areas such as software engineering, cloud-
native applications and databases. In fiscal year 2025, we further pursued our “user first, AI-driven” strategy and will continue to
focus on three areas: cloud and AI infrastructure, AI foundation models and native applications, and the AI-driven transformation of
our existing businesses.

Key components of our technology include those described below:

Artificial Intelligence

Alibaba’s Qwen model series have achieved significant milestones in terms of performance, functionality and ecosystem
development. Qwen has open-sourced a suite of models, encompassing a full spectrum of scale and multi-modal capabilities and
supporting 119 languages and dialects. We believe the open-source strategy has empowered the Qwen model series to become the
largest AI model family worldwide in terms of number of derivative models, with many derivative models ranking among the top
performers in internationally recognized benchmarks. In April 2025, we launched the Qwen3 series, a new generation of hybrid
reasoning models that combine the capabilities of fast, simple responses and deeper chain-of-thought reasoning into a single model.
The Qwen3 series are fully open sourced and covers a full range of model sizes, ranking amongst the top performers globally on
multiple authoritative benchmarks. These achievements further solidify Cloud Intelligence Group’s leading position in the global AI
and cloud computing industry.

Our self-developed distributed deep learning platform PAI and our Lingjun Intelligent Computing Service adopt leading software-
hardware integrated optimization technology, which feature large-scale cluster scalability, as well as outstanding acceleration ratio and
stability in large model training. PAI supports the fine-tuning and deployment of mainstream open-source large models, provides a
serverless service mode, and offers various inference efficiency optimization solutions.

Technology Infrastructure

Our data centers utilize a leading distributed fault-tolerant architecture, advanced self-developed power and cooling equipment, AI-
driven intelligent monitoring and operation technologies to provide reliable support, with high elasticity and high-density capabilities,
to our intelligent computing business. Combined with a high proportion of clean energy use, our data centers provide stable, secure,
efficient, agile, and green infrastructure services.

Cloud Operating System

Apsara (our proprietary general-purpose distributed computing operating system), inclusive of ShenlongCompute (our hardware
virtualization architecture), Pangu (our distributed cloud storage system) and Luoshen (our cloud network structure), provide Cloud
Intelligence Group’s customers and our core businesses with enhanced computing power, accelerated computation, storage and
network capabilities to support their and our business growth in the new technology era.

Database

We have comprehensively optimized the performance and processing capabilities of the serverless capabilities of our cloud-native
transactional database PolarDB, addressing user’s online inferencing needs through model updates, which help our customers to meet
their real-time storage and transaction processing requirements with elasticity and scalability. We also developed AnalyticDB, a
cloud-native distributed analytical database that can be integrated with large models, to support real-time interaction, complex
analysis, and online inferencing of massive data. We have also developed a multi-model database Lindorm, which leverages its
efficient storage and integrated analysis capabilities to achieve intelligent analysis and processing of unstructured data.




                                                                                                        Fiscal Year 2025 Annual Report      17
     Business Overview


     Big Data Analytics Platform

     We have continued to advance the technology architecture for big data and AI-integrated products. We launched OpenLake
     architecture by integrating data lakehouses with AI engines, supporting unified data table formats and data interoperability, optimizing
     data processing efficiency and costs. We are committed to making long-term investments in the research and development of large-
     scale distributed data analysis platforms and have independently developed scientific computing frameworks. We are also upgrading
     our AI search product system, including Elasticsearch.

     Security

     Our comprehensive security technology encompasses areas such as network security, data protection, business risk control and AI
     safety. We have built an end-to-end multi-dimensional defense system, including endpoints, public networks, backbone networks and
     data centers, to continue to strengthen cloud security technologies ensuring the safety of customer data and consumer data. The deep
     integration of AI large models and security technology has achieved great advancements in four core areas: cybersecurity, data
     privacy, AI-native security and business risk control, forming a comprehensive intelligent security system.

     Cybersecurity

     Cybersecurity risk management is an important part of our overall risk management efforts. We maintain a comprehensive process for
     identifying, assessing and managing material risks from cybersecurity threats. In addition to the cybersecurity risk management
     framework that is centrally designed and implemented across our businesses, certain of our businesses have also formulated more
     detailed cybersecurity risk management measures tailored to their operations.

     The Compliance and Risk Committee of our board of directors is responsible for overseeing our overall compliance and risk
     management framework, including cybersecurity risk management. Our risk management committee, consisting of senior
     management team members across legal, finance, security, technology and other departments, oversees the implementation and
     operation of our compliance and risk management policies and procedures and review risk assessment reports. Among the risk
     management committee members, the head of Security Department has over 10 years of experience in the fields of data security and
     cybersecurity. Our risk management committee reports to the Compliance and Risk Committee on material regulatory developments,
     risk management measures and risk incidents, including those related to cybersecurity. In case a significant cybersecurity incident
     occurs, our risk management committee will review the information and issues involved, oversee the remedial procedures to be taken
     and report to the Compliance and Risk Committee as appropriate.

     Led by our head of Security Department, our teams of dedicated cybersecurity, data security and technology professionals with
     extensive industry knowledge are responsible for detecting, tracking and remediating cybersecurity incidents, as well as assessing and
     mitigating cybersecurity threats, and reporting to the risk management committee as appropriate. As part of our cybersecurity risk
     management process, we regularly conduct application security assessments and vulnerability testings to prevent potential attacks and
     maintain a variety of incident response plans. In addition, we monitor industry trends on cybersecurity risks and may also obtain input
     on our system and network security from external intelligence teams and experts. We require all our employees to undertake data
     security training and compliance program annually and employees involved in app development and in the Security Department to
     take more specialized courses and obtain certification before product release. We operate mostly on our proprietary information
     systems, and in the few circumstances where we engage third-party service providers, we work closely with them to ensure their
     compliance with our cybersecurity standards.

     We are not faced with any risks from cybersecurity threat that have materially affected or are reasonably likely to materially affect us,
     including our business, results of operations, or financial condition. However, despite the cybersecurity risk management procedures
     and measures that we have implemented, we still face risks of security breaches and attacks against our systems and network which
     may adversely affect our operation and result in data loss and leakage. For more information, see “Risk Factors—Risks Related to Our
     Business and Industry — Security breaches and attacks against our systems and network, and any potentially resulting breach or
     failure to otherwise protect personal, confidential and proprietary information, could damage our reputation and negatively impact our
     business, as well as materially and adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations.”




18   Alibaba Group Holding Limited
                                                                                                         Business Overview



Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG)
Our ESG Strategy

ESG is part of the foundation of our business strategy and long-term development. We are dedicated to addressing society’s pressing
issues by integrating ESG objectives into our business strategy.

We have devised our ESG strategy to be pragmatic, long-term and action-oriented, regimented by a transparent and rigorous indicator
system. The highlights of our ESG progress in fiscal year 2025 are described below:

         Environment

We target to reach carbon neutrality in our own operations, including Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions, by 2030. We actively work with
our value chain partners with green initiatives, with the target of reducing their greenhouse gas emissions and thus our overall Scope 3
carbon intensity by at least 50% from the base year of 2020 by 2030.

We have made solid progress towards our targets. In fiscal year 2025, net scope 1 and 2 emissions from our own operations (excluding
Sun Art and Intime which we disposed in fiscal year 2025) were 2.395 million MtCO2e, representing a year-on-year decrease of 5.0%,
which is attributable to both the broader trend of low-carbon transition in the industry and our proactive, successful efforts to achieve
further emissions reduction. In fiscal year 2025, clean electricity as a percentage of our total electricity consumption increased from
44.3% to 52.2%.

We have also reduced our value chain carbon intensity (Scope 3) to 8.4 MtCO2e per million RMB of revenue in fiscal year 2025,
from 8.7 MtCO2e per million RMB of revenue in fiscal year 2024 (excluding Sun Art and Intime which we disposed in fiscal year
2025), through initiatives such as promoting energy efficiency and transformation in data centers, promoting digital efficiency and
energy transformation in logistics services, and encouraging our employees towards low-carbon business travels.

We continue to promote carbon reduction in our platform ecosystem (Scope 3+), in which we strive towards a cumulative ecosystem-
wide reduction of greenhouse gas emissions by 1.5 billion MtCO2e by 2035. In fiscal year 2025, we contributed to a measured
reduction of 59.208 million MtCO2e across the ecosystem, up 77.6% year on year.

         Society

We continue to refine our talent management strategy by offering competitive compensation packages and a comprehensive training
ecosystem, enhancing employee capabilities while fostering long-term retention. Furthermore, we strive to create a fair, inclusive and
diverse working environment where employees have access to equal opportunities for their development. Alibaba Group once again
ranked top 5 among all Chinese companies on the Forbes list of the World’s Best Employers 2024.

We are committed to improving consumer experience and building an inclusive, healthy digital life in our business operations. In
fiscal year 2025, the Taobao app served over 220,000 visually impaired people. Amap introduced the Visually Impaired Navigation
feature to help visually impaired people move around safely. In fiscal year 2025, Amap’s Wheelchair Navigation and Visually
Impaired Navigation features helped plan a total of over 100 million accessible routes.

Our GreenNet Program constantly plays an important role in building a healthy digital life. It redirects searches for certain products,
such as prohibited wildlife products, to educational pages. In fiscal year 2025, over 51 million harmful searches were automatically
guided to educational webpages.

We relentlessly innovate technologies and leverage e-commerce platform capabilities to meet enterprise customers’ needs in digital
intelligent transformation and business operations. Stanford University’s 2025 AI Index Report shows that Alibaba’s contributions to
the development of important AI models ranked third globally in 2024. As of March 31, 2025, our open-source platform ModelScope
hosted a total of over 52,000 AI models. Additionally, the Taobao and Tmall platforms made continued efforts to improve merchant
support measures, improve the operating efficiency of merchants, and create a better business environment for them. These efforts
contributed to the high-quality, sustainable development of both ourselves and merchants.

When we serve communities and society, we integrate social responsibility into our business practices. To constantly create value, we
build mechanisms for multi-stakeholder collaboration. In fiscal year 2025, we expanded our AI-powered technology for identifying
pancreatic cancer through CT images to cover screening for multiple types of cancer. The technology was recognized as “Highlighted
Research” in Stanford University’s 2024 AI Index Report. As a result, Alibaba was recognized as one of the top 10 companies on




                                                                                                        Fiscal Year 2025 Annual Report      19
     Business Overview


     Fortune magazine’s 2024 Change the World List. We always try to encourage and engage stakeholders. As of March 31, 2025,
     Alibaba had dispatched a cumulative total of 34 rural revitalization commissioners to 29 counties in China. In fiscal year 2025, total
     volunteer service hours of employees reached 209,086 hours. Furthermore, our Goods for Good program attracted over 1.72 million
     merchants and over 450 million users.

     Alibaba’s business ecosystem is built on user trust, and we are committed to operating with integrity. In fiscal year 2025, all members
     of the Board of Directors and employees completed training on business ethics and anti-corruption.

               ESG Governance Structure

     Alibaba’s over 20 years of business success has been predicated on a thoughtful system of governance to oversee our wide array of
     brands, platforms and services. We recognize that no ESG strategy can reach its full potential without a dedicated structure of
     governance. Accordingly, we have embedded ESG oversight into a three-layer structure at the board, senior management, and group
     and business unit levels.


     Competition
     We face competition principally from established Chinese Internet companies and their respective affiliates, global and regional e-
     commerce players, cloud computing service providers, logistics service providers and digital media and entertainment providers.
     These competitors generate significant traffic and have established strong brand recognition, robust technological capabilities and
     significant financial resources. The areas in which we compete primarily include:

           •     Consumers. We compete to attract, engage and retain consumers based on the variety, quality and value of products and
                 services listed on our platforms, the engagement of digital media and entertainment content available on our platforms, the
                 overall user experience of our products and services, and the effectiveness of our consumer protection measures.

           •     Merchants, Brands, Retailers and other Businesses. We compete to attract and retain merchants, brands and retailers
                 based on the size and the engagement of consumers on our platforms and the effectiveness of our products and services to
                 help them build brand awareness and engagement, acquire and retain customers, complete transactions, expand service
                 capabilities, protect intellectual property rights and enhance operating efficiency. In addition, we compete to attract and
                 retain businesses of different sizes across various industries based on the effectiveness of our cloud service offerings to
                 help them enhance operating efficiency and realize their digitalization transformation ambitions.

           •     Marketers. We compete to attract and retain marketers, publishers and demand-side platforms operated by agencies based
                 on the reach and engagement of our properties, the depth of our consumer insights and the effectiveness of our branding
                 and marketing solutions.

           •     Cloud Infrastructure Users. We compete to attract and retain enterprises, developers and organizations by offering
                 reliable, scalable and high-performance cloud infrastructure, and AI-powered solutions to accelerate their digital
                 transformation, reduce operational costs and grow business

           •     Talent. We compete for motivated and capable talent, including engineers and product developers to build compelling
                 apps, tools, and functions and to provide services for all participants in our ecosystem.

     If international players gain greater access to the China market, certain of our business could be subject to greater competition. As we
     acquire new businesses and expand into new industries and sectors, we face competition from major players in these industries and
     sectors. In addition, as we continue to expand into markets outside of China, we increasingly face competition from domestic and
     international players operating in these markets. See “ Risk Factors — Risks Related to Our Business and Industry — If we are unable
     to compete effectively, our business, financial condition and results of operations would be materially and adversely affected.”




20   Alibaba Group Holding Limited
                                                                                                           Business Overview



Seasonality
Our overall operating results fluctuate from quarter to quarter as a result of a variety of factors, including seasonal factors and
economic cycles that influence consumer spending as well as promotions.

Historically, we have experienced seasonal fluctuations mainly in our commerce businesses. Our China commerce businesses
typically record the highest levels of revenues in the fourth calendar quarter of each year due to a number of factors, including
merchants allocating a significant portion of their online marketing budgets to the fourth calendar quarter, promotions, and the impact
of seasonal buying patterns in respect of certain merchandise categories such as apparel. We also typically record lower levels of
revenues in the first calendar quarter of each year due to a lower level of allocation of marketing budgets by merchants early in the
calendar year and during the Chinese New Year holiday, during which time consumers generally spend less and businesses in China
are generally closed. Our international commerce businesses are also subject to seasonal fluctuations depending on the markets we
operate in.


Property, Plant and Equipment
As of March 31, 2025, we occupied facilities around the world with an aggregate gross floor area of office buildings, logistics
warehouses, retail space, data centers and other facilities owned by us totaling approximately 18.3 million square meters. We maintain
offices in many countries and regions, including Chinese mainland, Hong Kong SAR, Singapore and the United States. In addition, we
maintain data centers in a number of countries including Chinese mainland, Hong Kong SAR, Indonesia, Malaysia, Thailand,
Philippines, Singapore, UAE, Germany, the UK, Japan, South Korea, Mexico and the United States.




                                                                                                          Fiscal Year 2025 Annual Report   21
     Business Overview



     Regulation
     We operate in an increasingly complex legal and regulatory environment. We are subject to a variety of PRC and foreign laws, rules
     and regulations across a number of aspects of our business. As we have expanded our operations to other countries, we have become
     increasingly subject to applicable regulations in these jurisdictions. This section primarily summarizes the principal PRC laws, rules
     and regulations that we believe have the most significant impact on our business and operations within the PRC, because the PRC
     remains the country where we conduct a significant majority of our business and generate a significant majority of our revenues. Other
     jurisdictions where we conduct business have their own laws and regulations that cover many of the areas covered by PRC laws and
     regulations, but their focus, specifics and approaches may differ considerably.

     Current PRC laws, rules and regulations restrict foreign ownership in, among other areas, value-added telecommunication services,
     which include the operations of ICPs. As a result, we operate our Internet businesses and other businesses in which foreign investment
     is restricted or prohibited in the PRC through various contractual arrangements with VIEs that are incorporated in the PRC and owned
     by PRC citizens or by PRC entities which are ultimately owned and/or controlled by PRC citizens, and holds all regulated licenses
     associated with these businesses.

     The applicable PRC laws, rules and regulations governing foreign ownership and investment may change in the future. We may be
     required to obtain additional approvals, licenses and permits and to comply with any new regulatory requirements adopted from time
     to time. Moreover, substantial uncertainties exist with respect to the interpretation and implementation of these PRC laws, rules and
     regulations. See “Risk Factors — Risks Related to Doing Business in the People’s Republic of China — There are uncertainties
     regarding the interpretation and enforcement of PRC laws, rules and regulations, and changes in policies, laws, rules and regulations
     in the PRC could adversely affect us.”

     PRC Regulation

     Regulation of Telecommunications and Internet Information Services

           Regulation of Telecommunications Services

     Under the Telecommunications Regulations of the PRC, or the Telecommunications Regulations, promulgated on September 25, 2000
     by the State Council of the PRC and most recently amended in February 2016, a telecommunications service provider in China must
     obtain an operating license from the MIIT, or its provincial counterparts. The Telecommunications Regulations categorize all
     telecommunications services in China as either basic telecommunications services or value-added telecommunications services. Our
     online and mobile commerce businesses, as well as Youku’s online video businesses, are classified as value-added
     telecommunications services.

     Foreign investment in telecommunications businesses is governed by the State Council of the PRC’s Administrative Rules for Foreign
     Investment in Telecommunications Enterprises, or the Foreign Investment Telecommunications Rules, which was recently amended
     on March 29, 2022 and became effective on May 1, 2022. According to the amended Foreign Investment Telecommunications Rules,
     a foreign investor’s beneficial equity ownership in an entity providing value-added telecommunications services in China is generally
     not permitted to exceed 50% unless otherwise allowed by the competent PRC governmental authorities. Although the revised Foreign
     Investment Telecommunications Rules no longer require major foreign investors holding equity in enterprises providing value-added
     telecommunications services in China to have a good track record and operational experience in providing these services, the PRC
     governmental authorities have not promulgated the relevant implementation rules. Accordingly, there are uncertainties as to whether
     foreign investors without a good track record and operational experience in providing these services may qualify as major foreign
     investors in value-added telecommunications enterprises. Based on the Notice regarding the Strengthening of Ongoing and Post
     Supervision of Foreign Invested Telecommunication Enterprises issued by the MIIT in October 2020, foreign invested
     telecommunications enterprises are no longer subject to the requirement for prior MIIT approval. Nonetheless, these enterprises still
     need to submit the relevant materials to the MIIT to apply for new telecommunications operating permits or amended permits.
     Although the Negative List allows foreign investors to hold more than 50% equity interests in a value-added telecommunications
     service provider engaging in e-commerce, domestic multi-party communications, or storage-and-forward and call center businesses,
     other requirements provided by the amended Foreign Investment Telecommunications Rules shall still apply.

     The MIIT’s Notice Regarding Strengthening Administration of Foreign Investment in Operating Value-added Telecommunications
     Businesses, or the MIIT Notice, issued on July 13, 2006 prohibits holders of these service licenses from leasing, transferring or selling
     their licenses in any form, or providing any resource, site or facility, to any foreign investors intending to conduct this type of business
     in China. In addition to restricting dealings with foreign investors, the MIIT Notice contains a number of detailed requirements
     applicable to holders of value-added telecommunications service licenses, including that license holders or their shareholders must
     directly own the domain names and trademarks used in their daily operations and each license holder must possess the necessary




22   Alibaba Group Holding Limited
                                                                                                           Business Overview


facilities for its approved business operations and maintain its facilities in the regions covered by its license, including maintaining its
network and providing Internet security in accordance with the relevant regulatory standards. The MIIT or its provincial counterparts
have the power to require corrective actions after they discover any non-compliance by license holders, and where license holders fail
to take those steps, the MIIT or its provincial counterparts have the power to revoke the value-added telecommunications service
licenses.

On December 28, 2016, the MIIT promulgated the Notice on Regulating Telecommunications Services Agreement Matters, or the
Telecommunications Services Agreement Notice, which came into effect on February 1, 2017. According to the Telecommunications
Services Agreement Notice, telecommunications service providers must require their users to present valid identification certificates
and verify the users’ identification information before provision of services. Telecommunications service providers are not permitted
to provide services to users with unverifiable identity or users who decline to proceed with identity verification.

      Regulation of Internet Information Services

As a subsector of the telecommunications industry, Internet information services are regulated by the Administrative Measures on
Internet Information Services, or the ICP Measures. “Internet information services” are defined as services that provide information to
online users through the Internet. Internet information service providers that provide commercial services are required to obtain an
operating license from the MIIT or its provincial counterpart.

To the extent the Internet information services provided relate to certain matters, including news, publication, education or medical
and healthcare (including pharmaceutical products and medical equipment matters), approvals or filings must also be obtained from
the relevant industry regulators in accordance with the laws, rules and regulations governing those industries.

Regulation of Advertising Services

The principal regulations governing advertising businesses in China are:
      •     the Advertising Law of the PRC (2021, as amended);
      •     the Advertising Administrative Regulations (1987, as amended);
      •     the Administrative Regulations on Internet Information Search Services (2016); and
      •     the Administrative Measures for Internet Advertising (2023).

These laws, rules and regulations require companies such as ours that engage in advertising activities to obtain a business license that
explicitly includes advertising in the business scope from the SAMR, formerly the SAIC, or its local branches.

The applicable PRC advertising laws, rules and regulations contain certain prohibitions on the content of advertisements in China
(including prohibitions on misleading content, superlative wording, socially destabilizing content or content involving obscenities,
superstition, violence, discrimination or infringement of the public interest). Advertisements for anesthetic, psychotropic, toxic or
radioactive drugs are prohibited, and the dissemination of advertisements of certain other products, such as tobacco, patented products,
pharmaceuticals, medical instruments, agrochemicals, foodstuff, alcohol and cosmetics, are also subject to specific restrictions and
requirements. Advertisers, advertising operators or advertising distributors may be subject to civil liability if they infringe the legal
rights and interests of third parties, such as infringement of intellectual property rights, unauthorized use of a name or portrait and
defamation.

On June 25, 2016, the Cyberspace Administration of China promulgated the Administrative Regulations on Internet Information
Search Services, or the Internet Search Regulations, which came into effect on August 1, 2016. According to the Internet Search
Regulations, Internet search service providers must verify paid-search service customers’ qualifications, limit the ratio of paid-search
results on each web page, and clearly distinguish paid-search results from natural search results.

On February 25, 2023, the SAMR released the Administrative Measures for Internet Advertising, which came into effect from May 1,
2023. The Administrative Measures for Internet Advertising set out, among other things, the following requirements for Internet
advertising activities:

      •     online advertisements for tobacco (including e-cigarettes) are not allowed, and online advertisements for prescription
            medicine are not allowed unless otherwise permitted by laws and regulations;
      •     online advertisements for special commodities and services such as medical treatments, pharmaceuticals, medical devices,
            agrochemicals, veterinary medicine, health foods and food for special medical purposes must be reviewed by competent
            authorities before online publication, and the advertisements for such commodities and services are not allowed to be




                                                                                                          Fiscal Year 2025 Annual Report       23
     Business Overview


                 published in the form of introducing health and wellness knowledge. In addition, when introducing health and wellness
                 knowledge, information such as the address or contact information of commodity operators or service providers and
                 shopping links related to these products must not appear on the same page or at the same time;
           •     advertisements for medical treatments, pharmaceuticals, health foods, special medical purpose formula foods, medical
                 devices, cosmetics, alcohol, beauty advertisements, and online game advertisements that are detrimental to the physical
                 and mental health of minors shall not be published on Internet media targeted to minors;
           •     Internet advertisements must be visibly marked as “advertisement”, while paid-search results must be obviously
                 distinguished from natural search results;
           •     when promoting commodities or services through knowledge introduction, experience sharing or consumer evaluation,
                 and purchase methods such as shopping links are attached, the advertisements publishers shall visibly mark them as
                 “advertisements”;
           •     “pop-up ads” must be clearly marked with a “close” sign and be closable with one click. Furthermore, the advertisers and
                 publishers are prohibited from engaging in certain behaviors that hinder one-click closure;
           •     if the Internet advertisements are published by means of algorithmic recommendation or other technologies, the rules
                 related to algorithm recommendation services and advertising records shall be included in the advertising archives.

     According to the Administrative Measures for Internet Advertising, the advertisers are responsible for the authenticity of the content
     of Internet advertisements, while the Internet advertisement publishers and advertisement agencies are required to establish, improve,
     and implement registration, review, and archive management systems for Internet advertising businesses, which include verifying and
     registering advertiser information, verifying supporting documents and advertisements content, and allocating advertising review
     personnel familiar with advertising laws and regulations or establish advertising review bodies.

     In addition, the Administrative Measures for Internet Advertising require Internet platform operators providing Internet information
     services to take measures to prevent and stop illegal advertisements, which include recording and storing the real identity information
     of users who publish advertisements for at least three years, monitoring and investigating the content of advertisements, and
     employing measures to stop illegal advertisements. Internet platform operators are also required to establish effective complaint and
     reporting mechanisms, cooperate with market regulatory departments in investigating illegal conduct, and use measures such as
     warnings, suspending or terminating services for users who publish illegal advertisements. Furthermore, Internet platform operators
     are prohibited from using technical means or other methods to obstruct market regulatory departments’ advertising monitoring.

     Regulation of Online and Mobile Commerce

     China’s online and mobile commerce industry as well as the PRC laws, regulations or rules specifically regulating this industry are
     constantly evolving. The SAIC adopted the Administrative Measures for Online Trading on January 26, 2014, which became effective
     on March 15, 2014. On December 24, 2014, the MOFCOM promulgated the Provisions on the Procedures for Formulating
     Transaction Rules of Third Party Online Retail Platforms (Trial) to regulate the formulation, revision and enforcement of transaction
     rules for online retail marketplace platforms. These measures impose more stringent requirements and obligations on online trading or
     service operators as well as marketplace platform providers. For example, marketplace platform providers are obligated to make
     public and file their transaction rules with MOFCOM or its respective provincial counterparts, to enable examination of the legal
     status of each third-party merchant selling products or services on their platforms and display on a prominent location on the
     merchant’s web page the information stated in the merchant’s business license or a link to its business license, and group buying
     website operators must only allow a third-party merchant with a proper business license to sell products or services on their platforms.
     Where marketplace platform providers also act as online distributors, these marketplace platform providers must make a clear
     distinction between their online direct sales and sales of third-party merchant products on their marketplace platforms.

     In addition to these existing regulations, the relevant governmental authorities continue to consider and issue guidelines and
     implementing rules governing the online and mobile commerce industry. For example, three PRC governmental authorities (the MOF,
     General Administration of Customs and STA) issued a Notice on Tax Policy for Cross-Border E-commerce Retail Imports on March
     24, 2016 to regulate cross-border e-commerce trading which experienced rapid growth in recent years. According to the notice, which
     became effective on April 8, 2016, goods imported through cross-border e-commerce retail are subject to tariff, import value-added
     tax, or VAT, and consumption tax based on the type of goods. Individuals purchasing any goods imported through cross-border e-
     commerce are liable to pay tax, while e-commerce companies, e-commerce transaction platform operators or logistics companies shall
     be responsible for withholding such tax.

     On August 31, 2018, the Standing Committee of the National People’s Congress promulgated the PRC E-commerce Law, or the E-
     commerce Law, which came into effect on January 1, 2019. The E-commerce Law imposes a series of requirements on e-commerce
     operators including e-commerce platform operators, merchants operating on the platform and the individuals and entities carrying out




24   Alibaba Group Holding Limited
                                                                                                         Business Overview


business online. According to the E-commerce Law, e-commerce operators who provide search results based on consumers’
characteristics such as hobbies and consumption habits shall also provide consumers with options that are not targeted at their personal
characteristics at the same time, and respect and fairly protect the legitimate interests of consumers. The E-commerce Law requires e-
commerce platform operators to, among other things, verify and register the identities, addresses, contacts and licenses of merchants
who apply to provide goods or services on their platforms, establish registration archives and update this information on a regular
basis; submit the identification information of the merchants on their platforms to market regulatory administrative authorities as
required and remind the merchants to complete registration with market regulatory administrative authorities; submit identification
information and tax-related information to tax authorities as required in accordance with the laws and regulations regarding the
administration of tax collection and remind the individual merchants to complete the tax registration; and establish intellectual
property rights protection rules and take necessary measures against infringement of intellectual property rights by merchants on their
platforms.

In addition, e-commerce platform operators are not allowed to impose unreasonable restrictions over or add unjustified conditions to
transactions concluded on their platforms by merchants, or charge merchants operating on their platforms any unreasonable fees.

According to the E-commerce Law, e-commerce platform operators are required to assume joint liability with the merchants and may
be subject to warnings and fines up to RMB2,000,000 where (i) they fail to take necessary actions where they know or should have
known that the products or services provided by the merchants on the platform do not meet personal and property security
requirements, or otherwise infringe upon consumers’ legitimate rights; or (ii) they fail to take necessary actions, such as deleting and
blocking information, disconnecting, terminating transactions and services, where they know or should have known that the merchants
on the platform infringe upon the intellectual property rights of others. With respect to products or services affecting consumers’
health and safety, e-commerce platform operators will be held liable if they fail to review the qualifications of merchants or fail to
safeguard the interests of consumers, and may be subject to warnings and fines up to RMB2,000,000.

Building on the existing framework established by the E-commerce Law, the State Council of the PRC further elaborated on tax-
related obligations on June 23, 2025 by publishing the Regulation on Reporting of Tax-related Information by Internet Platform
Enterprises, which came into effect on the same day. This regulation stipulates additional requirements for e-commerce platform
operators, including the need to report and verify detailed identity and income information of merchants on their platforms to the
relevant tax authorities.

On March 15, 2021, the SAMR promulgated the Measures for the Supervision and Administration of Online Trading, or the Online
Trading Measures, which was recently amended on March 18, 2025 with the amendment that took effect as of May 1, 2025. The
Online Trading Measures impose a series of regulatory requirements on new forms of online trading, such as online social networking
e-commerce and online livestreaming e-commerce. The Online Trading Measures expressly prohibit an online transaction platform
operator from unreasonably restricting or setting any unreasonable conditions on transactions on its platform and interfering with
merchants’ independent business operations, including prohibiting or restricting the merchants to operate on other e-commerce
platforms. Furthermore, the Online Trading Measures require e-commerce platform operators to verify and update each merchant’s
profile on a regular basis and monitor their market participant registration status. In October 2020, the SAMR promulgated the Interim
Provisions for Regulating Promotional Activities, which requires e-commerce platform operators to design rules and procedures to
foster fair and transparent merchandise promotional activities.

On April 16, 2021, the Cyberspace Administration of China and six other PRC governmental authorities jointly issued the
Administrative Measures on Online Livestreaming Marketing (Trial), which came into effect on May 25, 2021. According to the
Administrative Measures on Online Livestreaming (Trial), online livestreaming marketing platforms are required, among other things,
to set up a system to internally rank streamers by metrics such as views and transaction volumes, and take heightened regulatory
measures in relation to key livestreaming operators. In addition, online livestreaming marketing platforms are also required to
establish and maintain risk management systems to guard against high-risk marketing activities, including taking measures such as
pop-up warnings, limiting traffic, suspending livestreaming, and prominently alerting users of the risks involved in transactions that
are conducted outside livestreaming platforms.

On March 1, 2022, the Supreme People’s Court of the PRC issued the Provisions on Issues Concerning the Application of Law for the
Trial of Cases on Online Consumption Disputes (I), which came into effect on March 15, 2022 and clarify the responsibilities of
online consumption platforms. According to these judicial interpretations, standard terms provided by e-commerce operators that are
unfair and unreasonable to consumers may be deemed invalid, and contracts entered into between e-commerce operators and any other
entity leading to false publicity by means of fictitious deals, hits or user comments shall also be null and void. Moreover, e-commerce
platform operators shall be held liable as the product seller or service provider if the labels used mislead consumers to believe that the
product or service is provided by the e-commerce platform. Furthermore, operators of livestreaming platforms and operators of online
catering service platform are responsible for verifying the qualification and license of live-streamers who sell food products and online
food service operators, respectively. The operators of e-commerce platforms can be held jointly liable for damages incurred by




                                                                                                        Fiscal Year 2025 Annual Report       25
     Business Overview


     consumers resulting from defects in foods purchased from merchants on their platforms, if these operators fail to fulfill certain
     requirements and obligations.

     Regulation of Mobile Apps

     On June 28, 2016, the Cyberspace Administration of China promulgated the Regulations for the Administration of Mobile Internet
     Application Information Services, which came into effect on August 1, 2016, requiring ICPs who provide information services
     through mobile Internet apps to, among other things, verify the real identities of registered users through mobile phone numbers or
     other similar channels; establish and improve procedures for protection of user information; and establish and improve procedures for
     information content censorship.

     On June 14, 2022, the Cyberspace Administration of China promulgated the revised Regulations for the Administration of Mobile
     Application Information Services, which came into effect on August 1, 2022. Pursuant to the revised Regulations for the
     Administration of Mobile Application Information Services, mobile app providers shall comply with relevant provisions on the scope
     of necessary personal information, which means the personal information without which the app cannot perform its basic functional
     services, when engaging in personal information processing activities and shall not compel users to agree to non-essential personal
     information collection or ban users from their basic functional services due to their refusal of providing unnecessary personal
     information. In addition, mobile app providers shall, among other things, verify the real identities of registered users; establish and
     improve procedures for protection of user information and information content censorship, fulfill data security protection obligations
     and various obligations of minors’ protection, and shall not induce users to download the applications by illegal methods or bad
     information. Furthermore, mobile app providers who launch new technologies, applications or functions with the attribute of public
     opinion or the ability of social mobilization shall conduct security assessment in accordance with the relevant provisions. If an
     application provider violates these regulations, application distribution platforms may issue warnings, suspend the release of its
     applications, or terminate the sale of its applications, and/or report the violations to governmental authorities, and the application
     provider may be imposed administrative penalty by the Cyberspace Administration of China and relevant competent authorities in
     accordance with relevant laws and regulations.

     According to the Provisions on the Scope of Necessary Personal Information Required for Common Types of Mobile Internet
     Applications which became effective on May 1, 2021, necessary personal information is defined as the personal information necessary
     for ensuring the normal operation of the basic functional services of the apps, without which the app cannot perform its basic
     functional services.

     Regulation of Internet Content

     The PRC government has promulgated measures relating to Internet content through various ministries and agencies, including the
     MIIT, the News Office of the State Council of the PRC, the Ministry of Culture and Tourism and the General Administration of Press
     and Publication. In addition to various approval and license requirements, these measures specifically prohibit Internet activities that
     result in the dissemination of any content that is found to contain pornography, promote gambling or violence, instigate crimes,
     undermine public morality or the cultural traditions of the PRC or compromise state security or secrets. ICPs must monitor and control
     the information posted on their websites. If any prohibited content is found, they must remove the content immediately, keep a record
     of it and report to the relevant authorities. If an ICP violates these measures, the PRC government may impose fines and revoke any
     relevant business operation licenses.

           Regulation of Broadcasting Audio/Video Programs through the Internet

     We are subject to various laws and regulations in connection with providing online audio/video programs and livestreaming via our
     platform. For example, according to the Rules for the Administration of Internet Audio and Video Program Services, commonly
     known as Circular 56, jointly issued by the State Administration of Radio, Film, and Television, or the SARFT, and the MIIT, all
     online audio/video service providers are generally required to be either wholly state-owned or state-controlled. According to the
     relevant official answers to press questions published on the SARFT’s website dated February 3, 2008, online audio/video service
     providers that already had been operating lawfully prior to the issuance of Circular 56 may re-register and continue to operate without
     becoming state-owned or controlled, provided that the providers have not engaged in any unlawful activities. This exemption will not
     be granted to online audio/video service providers established after Circular 56 was issued.

     We are also subject to a series of requirements for audio/video content posted on our platform. The General Administration of Press
     and Publication, Radio, Film and Television, or GAPPRFT (which was split into the National Radio and Television Administration, or
     NRTA, and the State Administration of News and Publication in March 2018) released several notices on the administration of online
     audio/video programs, which stress that entities producing online audio/video content must obtain a permit for radio and television
     program production and operation, and that online audio/video content service providers should not release any Internet dramas or
     micro films that were produced by any entity lacking the permit. For Internet dramas or micro films produced and uploaded by




26   Alibaba Group Holding Limited
                                                                                                        Business Overview


individual users, the online audio/video service providers transmitting this content will be deemed responsible as the producer.
Furthermore, the online audio/video contents, including Internet drama and micro films, are required to be filed with the relevant
authorities before release.

According to the Circular on Strengthening the Administration of the Online Show Livestreaming and E-commerce Livestreaming
issued by the National Radio and Television Administration, or the NRTA, on November 12, 2020, the overall ratio of front-line
content analysts to livestreaming rooms shall be 1:50 or higher on platforms providing e-commerce livestreaming services. A platform
shall report the number of its livestreaming rooms, streamers and content analysts to the provincial branch of the NRTA on a quarterly
basis. To host any e-commerce promotional events such as E-commerce festivals, E-commerce days or promotion days using
livestreaming, live performances, live variety shows and other live programs, the platforms shall register the information of guests,
streamers, content and settings with the local branch of NRTA 14 business days in advance. Online e-commerce livestreaming
platforms shall conduct relevant qualification examination and real-name authentication on businesses and individuals providing
livestreaming marketing services and keep complete examination and authentication records, and shall not enable imposters or
businesses or individuals without qualification or real-name registration to conduct livestreaming marketing services.

On April 12, 2022, the NRTA and the Publicity Department of the China Communist Party Central Committee promulgated the
Notice on Strengthening the Administration of Live Games on Online Audio/Video Program Platforms, specifying that online
livestreaming platforms shall discretely select the hosts and guests with political standpoint, moral character, artistic standard and
social evaluation as the selection criteria, and resolutely refuse hosts and guests who are politically incorrect, or have committed any
violations of laws, regulations, public order or good morals. The notice further specifies that online livestreaming platforms shall
establish and implement a mechanism for the protection of minors, implement the real-name registration system, prohibit minors from
tipping, and establish a special channel for returning the tips of minors.

      Regulation of Internet Publication

The SARFT is responsible for nationwide supervision and administration of publishing activities in China. On February 4, 2016, the
GAPPRFT, the SARFT’s predecessor, and the MIIT jointly promulgated the Online Publication Service Administration Rules, or the
Online Publication Rules, which took effect on March 10, 2016.

Pursuant to the Online Publication Rules, an online publication service provider must obtain the Online Publication Service License
from the GAPPRFT. The term “online publication service” is defined as the provision of online publications to the public through
information networks. The term “online publications” is defined as digital works characteristic of publishing such as editing,
production or processing provided to the public through information networks.

The Online Publication Rules expressly prohibit foreign invested enterprises from providing online publication services. In addition, if
an online publication service provider intends to cooperate for an online publication services project with foreign invested enterprises,
overseas organizations or overseas individuals, it must report to the GAPPRFT and obtain an approval in advance. Also, an online
publication service provider is prohibited from lending, leasing, selling or otherwise transferring the Online Publication Service
License, or to allow any other online information service provider to provide online publication services in its name.

      Regulation of Internet Drug Information Service

According to the Notice of Effectively Carrying out the Promotion and Implementation of Best Practices from Relevant Pilot Reforms
released in January 2025, ICP service operators that provide information regarding drugs or medical equipment are required to file a
record with the applicable provincial level counterpart of the National Medical Products Administration.

On August 3, 2022, the SAMR released the Administrative Measures for the Supervision of Online Drug Sales, which came into
effect on December 1, 2022, for the regulation of enterprises engaging in online drug sales and online drug trading third-party
platforms. According to these measures, enterprises engaging in online drug sales shall be drug marketing authorization holders or
drug business enterprises, and shall report relevant information including names of the websites and application programs, the IP
addresses and domain names, etc. to the medical products regulators. In addition, drug trading third-party platforms are also required
to file relevant information including their names, legal representatives, etc. with the provincial medical products administration.

      Regulation of Internet News Information Services

On May 2, 2017, the Cyberspace Administration of China issued the Administrative Provisions on Internet News Information
Services, which came into effect on June 1, 2017 and define news information as reports and commentary on political, economic,
military, diplomatic and other social and public affairs, as well as reports and commentary on emergency social events. Pursuant to
these provisions, the Cyberspace Administration of China and its local counterparts are the government department in charge of
supervision and administration of Internet news information. Furthermore, an ICP operator must obtain approval from the Cyberspace




                                                                                                       Fiscal Year 2025 Annual Report       27
     Business Overview


     Administration of China in order to provide Internet news information services, including through websites, applications, forums,
     blogs, microblogs, public accounts, instant messaging tools, and webcasts.

           Regulation of Internet Culture Activities

     On February 17, 2011, the Ministry of Culture, the predecessor of the Ministry of Culture and Tourism, promulgated the Internet
     Culture Administration Tentative Measures, or the Internet Culture Measures, which was most recently amended in December 2017.
     The Internet Culture Measures require ICP operators engaging in “Internet culture activities” to obtain a permit from the Ministry of
     Culture and Tourism. The term “Internet culture activities” includes, among other things, online dissemination of Internet cultural
     products (such as audio-video products, gaming products, performances of plays or programs, works of art and cartoons) and the
     production, reproduction, importation, publication and broadcasting of Internet cultural products.

     On August 12, 2013, the Ministry of Culture promulgated the Notice on Implementing the Administrative Measures for the Content
     Self-examination of Internet Culture Business Entities. According to this notice, any cultural product or service shall be reviewed by
     the provider before being released to the public and the review process shall be done by persons who have obtained the relevant
     content review certificate.

     On October 23, 2015, the Ministry of Culture promulgated the Notice on Further Strengthening and Improving the Content Review of
     Online Music, which took effect on January 1, 2016 and stipulate that ICPs shall carry out self-examination in respect of the content
     management of online music, which shall be regulated by the cultural administration departments in process or afterwards. According
     to this notice, ICP operators are required to submit their content administrative system, review procedures, and work standards to the
     provincial culture administrative department where they are located for filing within a prescribed period.

           Regulation of Audio/Video Program Production

     On July 19, 2004, the SARFT promulgated the Administrative Measures on the Production and Operation of Radio and Television
     Programs, which came into effect on August 20, 2004 and most recently amended on December 1, 2020. These measures provide that
     anyone who wishes to produce or operate radio or television programs must first obtain an operating permit for their business.

     On December 25, 2001, the State Council of the PRC promulgated the Regulations for the Administration of Films, or the Film
     Regulations, which became effective on February 1, 2002. The Film Regulations set forth the general regulatory guidelines for
     China’s film industry and address practical issues with respect to production, censorship, distribution and screening. They also
     establish the SARFT as the sector’s regulatory authority, and serve as the foundation for all other legislation promulgated in this area.
     The Film Regulations provide the framework for an industry-wide licensing system operated by the SARFT, under which separate
     permits (and permit application procedures) apply.

     Regulation of Express Delivery Services

     The PRC Postal Law, which took effect in October 2009 and was most recently amended in 2015, sets forth the fundamental rules on
     the establishment and operation of an express delivery company. According to the PRC Postal Law, an enterprise that operates and
     provides express delivery services is required to obtain a Courier Service Operation Permit. Pursuant to the PRC Postal Law,
     “delivery” refers to delivery of correspondence, parcels, printed materials and other items to specific individuals or entities according
     to the names and addresses on the envelopes or packages, including mail acceptance, sorting, transportation, delivery, and “express
     delivery” refers to rapid mail “delivery” within a specified time limit.

     The PRC Postal Law also requires that a company operating express delivery services must apply for and obtain the Courier Service
     Operation Permit prior to applying for its business license. Pursuant to the Administrative Measures on Courier Service Operation
     Permits, which was promulgated by the Ministry of Transport in June 2015 and most recently amended in November 2019, any entity
     engaging in express delivery services is required to obtain a Courier Service Operation Permit from the State Post Bureau or its local
     counterpart and is subject to their supervision and regulation. The express delivery business must be operated within the permitted
     scope and the valid term of the Courier Service Operation Permit.

     On March 2, 2018, the State Council of the PRC promulgated the Provisional Regulations for Express Delivery, or the Provisional
     Regulations, which came into effect on May 1, 2018 and was amended on March 2, 2019. The Provisional Regulations reiterate that a
     company operating express delivery services must obtain the Courier Service Operation Permit and sets forth specific rules and
     security requirements for express delivery operations.




28   Alibaba Group Holding Limited
                                                                                                            Business Overview



Regulation of Anti-counterfeiting

According to the Trademark Law of the PRC, counterfeit or unauthorized production of the label of another person’s registered
trademark, or sale of any label that is counterfeited or produced without authorization will be deemed as an infringement of the
exclusive right to use a registered trademark. The infringing party will be ordered to cease infringement immediately, a fine may be
imposed and the counterfeit goods will be confiscated. The infringing party may also be held liable for damages suffered by the owner
of the intellectual property rights, which will be equal to the gains obtained by the infringing party or the losses suffered by the owner
as a result of the infringement, including reasonable expenses incurred by the owner in connection with enforcing its rights.

Under the Civil Code of the PRC, an Internet service provider may be subject to joint liability if it is aware that an Internet user is
infringing upon the intellectual property rights of others through its Internet services, such as selling counterfeit products, and fails to
take necessary measures to stop that activity. If an Internet service provider receives a notice from an infringed party regarding an
infringement, the Internet service provider is required to take certain measures, including deleting, blocking and unlinking the
infringing content, in a timely manner.

In addition, under the Online Trading Measures, as an operator of an online trading platform, we must adopt measures to ensure safe
online transactions, protect consumers’ rights and prevent unfair competition.

Regulation of Monopoly and Unfair Competition

On June 24, 2022, the Standing Committee of the National People’s Congress promulgated the amended PRC Anti-monopoly Law,
which came into effect on August 1, 2022. The amended PRC Anti-monopoly Law requires that where concentration of undertakings
reaches the filing threshold stipulated by the State Council of the PRC, a filing must be made with the anti-monopoly authority before
the parties implement the concentration. Concentration refers to (i) merger of undertakings; (ii) acquisition of control over other
undertakings by acquiring equities or assets; or (iii) acquisition of control over, or the possibility of exercising decisive influence on,
an undertaking by contract or by any other means. The anti-monopoly authority may also require business operators to file for merger
control review where concentration of undertakings fails to reach such filing threshold but there is evidence that the concentration has
or may have the effect of eliminating or restricting competition. If business operators fail to comply with the mandatory filing
requirement, the PRC State Administration for Market Regulation, or the SAMR, is empowered to terminate the transaction, require
the disposal of relevant assets, shares or businesses within certain period, or take any other necessary measures to restore the pre-
concentration status, and may also impose fines of up to 50% of the previous year’s turnover of the filing obligor if the concentration
has or may have the effect of eliminating or restricting competition, or fines of up to RMB25 million if the concentration does not
have such effect. In addition, the amended PRC Anti-monopoly Law introduces a “stop-clock mechanism” which may prolong the
merger control review process. The SAMR issued a new set of guidelines in September 2018 to set forth the specific procedures and
materials for review of concentration of undertakings. On August 3, 2008, the State Council of the PRC promulgated the Provisions of
the State Council of the PRC on the Thresholds for Filing of Concentration of Undertakings, which was most recently amended in
January 2024, clarifying the filing thresholds of merger control review and significantly adjusting the revenue threshold of merger
control filing to either one of the following two conditions:
      •     the worldwide revenue of all business operators involved in the concentration exceeds RMB12 billion collectively in
            previous fiscal year, and the revenue in China of at least two business operators among them each exceeds RMB800
            million in previous fiscal year; or
      •     the revenue in China of all the business operators involved in the concentration exceeds RMB4 billion collectively in
            previous fiscal year, and the revenue in China of at least two business operators among them each exceeds RMB800
            million in previous fiscal year.

Even if the aforementioned revenue threshold is not met, the transaction may be required to be reported to anti-monopoly authority of
the State Council of the PRC if there is evidence to prove that the concentration of operators has or may have the effect of excluding
or restricting competition.

In addition, on March 10, 2023, the SAMR released the Provisions on the Review of Concentration of Undertakings, or the Review
Provisions, which came into effect from April 15, 2023 and replaced the Interim Provisions on the Review of Concentration of
Undertakings issued on October 23, 2020. These provisions provide detailed rules on how to operate the “stop-clock mechanism”,
allowing the SAMR to suspend the calculation of time period for merger review if (i) the notifying parties fail to provide the
documents or information so that the review cannot proceed, (ii) new circumstances or new facts appear, and the review cannot
proceed without examining the new circumstances or facts, or (iii) the proposed remedies require further assessment, and the relevant
parties request for suspension. If the filing threshold is not met but the proposed concentration has or may have the effect of
eliminating or restricting competition, the SAMR can request the undertakings to notify. If the concentration has not yet been
implemented, the standstill obligation automatically kicks in. Even if the concentration has been implemented, the undertakings need




                                                                                                           Fiscal Year 2025 Annual Report      29
     Business Overview


     to file a notification within 120 days and take necessary measures to reduce the negative impact the concentration has on competition
     such as temporarily stopping the implementation of the concentration.

     The amended PRC Anti-monopoly Law prohibits a business operator with a dominant market position from abusing such position,
     such as by selling commodities at unfairly high prices or buying commodities at unfairly low prices, selling products at prices below
     cost without any justifiable cause, or refusing to trade with a trading party without any justifiable cause. Sanctions for violation of the
     prohibition on the abuse of dominant market position include an order to cease the relevant activity, confiscation of the illegal gains
     and fines up to 50% of sales revenue of the preceding year. On March 10, 2023, the SAMR issued the Provisions on the Prohibitions
     of Acts of Abuse of Dominant Market Positions, which came into effect from April 15, 2023 and replaced the Interim Provisions on
     the Prohibition of Acts of Abuse of Dominant Market Positions issued on June 26, 2019 to further prevent and prohibit the abuse of
     dominant market positions.

     The amended PRC Anti-monopoly Law also prohibits business operators from entering into monopoly agreements, which refers to
     agreements that eliminate or restrict competition with competing business operators or transaction counterparties, such as by
     boycotting transactions, fixing or changing the price of commodities, limiting the output of commodities or fixing the price of
     commodities for resale to third parties, among others, unless the business operators can prove the agreements do not have the effect of
     eliminating or restricting competition, their market share in relevant market is below the standard set by the anti-monopoly authority,
     or the agreements satisfy certain exemptions under the amended PRC Anti-monopoly Law, such as improving technologies, increasing
     the efficiency and competitiveness of small and medium-sized undertakings, or safeguarding legitimate interests in cross-border trade
     and economic cooperation with foreign counterparts. Sanctions for violations include an order to cease the relevant activity,
     confiscation of illegal gains, and fines up to 50% of sales revenue of the preceding year, fines up to RMB25 million if there is no sales
     revenue of the preceding year, or fines up to RMB15 million if the intended monopoly agreement has not been performed. In addition,
     business operators are prohibited from organizing other business operators to reach any monopoly agreement or providing substantive
     assistance for others to reach such agreements under the amended PRC Anti-monopoly Law. On March 10, 2023, the SAMR issued
     the Provisions on the Prohibition of Monopoly Agreements, which came into effect from April 15, 2023 and replaced the Interim
     Provisions on the Prohibition of Monopoly Agreements to further enhance the enforcement on the supervision of monopoly
     agreements.

     In addition, the amended PRC Anti-monopoly Law further regulates monopolistic behaviors in the Internet sector. The amended PRC
     Anti-monopoly Law, among others:
           •     provides in general provisions that enterprises must not engage in monopolistic behaviors through data and algorithms,
                 technology, capital advantages, or platform rules; and
           •     provides that enterprises with dominant market position must not abuse their dominant positions through data and
                 algorithms, technology, capital advantages, or platform rules.

     In February 2021, the SAMR published the Guidelines on Anti-monopoly Issues in Platform Economy, or the Platform Economy
     Anti-monopoly Guidelines. The Platform Economy Anti-monopoly Guidelines set out detailed standards and rules in respect to the
     definition of relevant markets, typical types of cartel activity and abusive behavior by companies with market dominance, which
     provide further guidance for enforcement of anti-monopoly laws regarding network platform operators. The Platform Economy Anti-
     monopoly Guidelines further detail the types of horizontal agreements, vertical agreements, hub-and-spoke agreements and collusion
     which may constitute monopoly agreements in the platform economy. The Platform Economy Anti-monopoly Guidelines also set out
     a number of key factors that may be relevant in identifying a dominant undertaking, including, among others, predatory pricing, unfair
     pricing, refusal to deal, restraint of trade, tie-in, unreasonable trading conditions and discrimination. In addition, concentration of
     undertakings involving contractual arrangements is expressly included within the ambit of SAMR’s merger control review if the filing
     thresholds are met. Under the Platform Economy Anti-monopoly Guidelines, the SAMR is empowered to investigate if the filing
     threshold is not met but the proposed concentration may have the effect of eliminating or restricting competition, and the SAMR will
     pay close attention to those cases where one of the following circumstances exists: (i) a party to the concentration is a start-up or an
     emerging platform; (ii) the turnover is low because the business model of the parties to the concentration involves the provision of free
     services or services charged at low prices; (iii) the relevant market is highly concentrated; and (iv) the number of competitors is small.
     These measures and guidelines may require us to make adjustments to some of our business practices, and our business, financial
     condition and results of operations may be materially and adversely affected. In addition, due to our size, these measures and
     guidelines may affect us more than our competitors.

     According to the Anti-unfair Competition Law promulgated by the Standing Committee of the National People’s Congress of China
     on September 2, 1993 and most recently amended on April 23, 2019, business operators may not engage in anti-competitive activities,
     such as undue influence transactions, confusion marketing, commercial bribery, trade secret infringement and commercial libel.
     Failure to comply with the Anti-unfair Competition Law would subject business operators to various administrative penalties, such as
     imposition of fines, confiscation of illegal gains and an order to cease business activities, and payment of compensatory damages. On
     December 25, 2024, the National People’s Congress released the Draft Amendment to the PRC Anti-unfair Competition Law for




30   Alibaba Group Holding Limited
                                                                                                         Business Overview


public comments. The draft amendment proposes to impose more obligations on platform operators, requiring platform operators to
incorporate fair competition provisions in their platform service agreements and transaction rules and take necessary measures to
promptly prohibit operators’ unfair competition practices on their platforms. Additionally, the draft amendment prohibits platform
operators from using data, algorithms or technology to disrupt or impede the normal business operations of other operators and further
specifies the prohibited behaviors, such as obtaining and using data legally held by other operators through fraud and other improper
means, and abusing platform rules to carry out malicious transactions. Moreover, platform operators are required not to compel
operators on their platforms to sell goods at prices below cost, thereby disrupting the order of fair competition.

In May 2024, the SAMR issued the Interim Measures on Online Anti-unfair Competition, which came into effect on September 1,
2024. These Measures have improved the standards and regulatory requirements for various types of online unfair competition
behaviors, including the new manifestations of traditional unfair competition behaviors such as counterfeiting, confusion and false
advertising, and the new types of unfair competition behaviors conducted through technological means such as reverse bidding
manipulation and illegal data acquisition. Regarding platform operators, these Measures highlight the platform operators’
responsibilities and require platforms operators to strengthen the management of competition behavior within the platform. Necessary
measures should be taken to deal with unfair competition behavior within the platform, relevant records should be kept, and timely
reports should be made to the market supervision authorities. In addition, these Measures prohibit platforms from abusing their
competitive advantages to obstruct the normal operation of network products or services of other operators, using service agreements
or transaction rules to unreasonably restrict the transactions of operators within the platform, or charging unreasonable service fees to
operators within the platform. If a platform operator fails to comply with the requirements of these Measures, it may be subject to
administrative penalties including rectification orders, fines and orders to suspend operations.

Regulation of Internet Security

The Decision in Relation to Protection of Internet Security enacted by the Standing Committee of the National People’s Congress of
China on December 28, 2000, as amended, provides that the following activities conducted through the Internet are subject to criminal
punishment:
      •     gaining improper entry into a computer or system of strategic importance;
      •     disseminating politically disruptive information or obscenities;
      •     leaking state secrets;
      •     spreading false commercial information; or
      •     infringing intellectual property rights.

The Administrative Measures on the Security Protection of Computer Information Network with International Connections, issued by
the Ministry of Public Security on December 16, 1997 and amended on January 8, 2011, prohibit the use of the Internet in a manner
that would result in the leakage of state secrets or the spread of socially destabilizing content. The Provisions on Technological
Measures for Internet Security Protection, or the Internet Security Protection Measures, promulgated on December 13, 2005 by the
Ministry of Public Security require all ICPs to keep records of certain information about their users (including user registration
information, log in and log out time, IP address, content and time of posts by users) for at least 60 days and submit the above
information as required by laws and regulations. Under these measures, value-added telecommunications services license holders must
regularly update information security and content control systems for their websites and must also report any public dissemination of
prohibited content to local public security authorities. If a value-added telecommunications services license holder violates these
measures, the Ministry of Public Security and the local security bureaus may revoke its operating license and shut down its websites.

The Communication Network Security Protection Administrative Measures, which were promulgated by the MIIT on January 21,
2010, require that all communication network operators, including telecommunications service providers and Internet domain name
service providers, divide their own communication networks into units. These communication network units shall be rated in
accordance with degree of damage to national security, economic operation, social order and public interest in the event a unit is
damaged. Communication network operators must file the division and ratings of their communication networks with the MIIT or its
local counterparts. If a communication network operator violates these measures, the MIIT or its local counterparts may order
rectification or impose a fine up to RMB30,000 in case a violation is not duly rectified.

Internet security in China is also regulated and restricted from a national security standpoint. On July 1, 2015, the National People’s
Congress Standing Committee promulgated the PRC National Security Law, or the National Security Law, which took effect on the
same date and replaced the former National Security Law promulgated in 1993. According to the National Security Law, the state
shall ensure that the information system and data in important areas are secure and controllable. In addition, according to the National
Security Law, the state shall establish national security review and supervision institutions and mechanisms, and conduct national




                                                                                                        Fiscal Year 2025 Annual Report      31
     Business Overview


     security reviews of key technologies and IT products and services that affect or may affect national security. There are uncertainties
     on how the National Security Law will be implemented in practice.

     On November 7, 2016, the National People’s Congress Standing Committee promulgated the PRC Cybersecurity Law, or the
     Cybersecurity Law, which came into effect on June 1, 2017, and applies to the construction, operation, maintenance and use of
     networks as well as the supervision and administration of cybersecurity in China. The Cybersecurity Law defines “networks” as
     systems that are composed of computers or other information terminals and relevant facilities used for the purpose of collecting,
     storing, transmitting, exchanging and processing information in accordance with certain rules and procedures. “Network operators,”
     who are broadly defined as owners and administrators of networks and network service providers, are subject to various security
     protection-related obligations including, among others, security protection, user identity verification, cybersecurity emergency
     response planning and technical assistance.

     According to the Cybersecurity Law, network service providers must inform users about and report to the relevant authorities any
     known security defects and bugs, and must provide continuous security maintenance services for their products and services. Network
     products and service providers shall not contain or provide malware. Network service providers who do not comply with the
     Cybersecurity Law may be subject to fines, suspension of their businesses, shutdown of their websites, and revocation of their
     business licenses. In addition, the Cybersecurity Law provides that personal information and important data collected and generated
     by operators of critical information infrastructure in the course of their operations in the PRC should be stored in the PRC, and the law
     imposes heightened regulation and additional security obligations on operators of critical information infrastructure. In March 2025,
     the Cyberspace Administration of China issued draft amendments to the PRC Cybersecurity Law, which strengthened enforcement
     measures and significantly increased penalties for violations of the law. These draft amendments also proposed to introduce provisions
     on high penalties and reinforced responsibilities for platform content management, thereby imposing significant compliance pressure
     on e-commerce platforms.

     In addition, the PRC Anti-Telecom and Online Fraud Law was promulgated by the National People’s Congress Standing Committee
     on September 2, 2022 and came into effect on December 1, 2022. In order to prevent and curb the telecom and online fraud, the Anti-
     Telecom and Online Fraud Law requires, among others, Internet service providers to obtain real identity information of users before
     providing certain services including information and software distribution services, etc.

     On July 30, 2021, the State Council of the PRC promulgated the Regulations on Security Protection of Critical Information
     Infrastructure, effective on September 1, 2021, which provide that a “critical information infrastructure” refers to an important
     network facility and information system in important industries such as public communications and information services, as well as
     other important network facilities and information systems that may seriously endanger national security, national economy, people’s
     livelihood, or public interests in the event of their damage, loss of function, or data leakage. The competent governmental authorities
     and supervision and management authorities of the aforementioned important industries will be responsible for (i) identification of
     critical information infrastructures in their respective industries in accordance with relevant identification rules, and (ii) promptly
     notifying the identified operators and the public security department of the State Council of the PRC of the identification results.
     However, the exact scope of “critical information infrastructure operators” under the current regulatory regime still remains unclear,
     and the PRC government authorities have discretion in the interpretation and enforcement of these laws, rules and regulations.

     On April 13, 2020, the Cyberspace Administration of China, the NDRC, the MIIT, and several other governmental authorities jointly
     issued the Measures for Cybersecurity Review, or the Cybersecurity Review Measures, which came into effect on June 1, 2020.
     According to the Cybersecurity Review Measures, the purchase of cyber products and services including core network equipment,
     high-performance computers and servers, mass storage devices, large databases and application software, network security equipment,
     cloud computing services, and other products and services that have an important impact on the security of critical information
     infrastructure which affects or may affect national security is subject to cybersecurity review by the Cybersecurity Review Office. On
     December 28, 2021, the Cyberspace Administration of China, together with certain other PRC governmental authorities, promulgated
     the Revised Cybersecurity Review Measures which replaced the then-effective version and took effect on February 15, 2022.
     According to the Revised Cybersecurity Review Measures, operators of critical information infrastructure who purchase network
     products and services and network platform operators who carry out data processing activities that affect or may affect national
     security shall be subject to cybersecurity review. In addition, any network platform operator possessing over one million users’
     individual information must apply for a cybersecurity review before listing abroad. Relevant competent governmental authorities may
     also initiate cybersecurity review if they determine certain network products, services or data processing activities affect or may affect
     national security. Article 10 of the Revised Cybersecurity Review Measures also sets out certain general factors that are the focus in
     assessing the national security risk in a cybersecurity review, including (i) the risks of critical information infrastructure being illegally
     controlled by any individual or organization or subject to interference or destruction; (ii) the harm caused by the disruption of the
     supply of the product or service to the continuity of critical information infrastructure business; (iii) the security, openness,
     transparency and diversity of sources of the product or service, the reliability of supply channels, and risks of supply disruption due to
     political, diplomatic, trade and other factors; (iv) compliance with PRC laws, administrative regulations and department rules by the
     provider of the product or service; (v) the risk of core data, important data or a large amount of personal information being stolen,




32   Alibaba Group Holding Limited
                                                                                                          Business Overview


leaked, damaged, illegally used, or illegally transmitted overseas; (vi) the risk that critical information infrastructure, core data,
important data or a large amount of personal information for a listing being affected, controlled, and maliciously used by foreign
governments, as well as network information security risks; and (vii) other factors that may endanger the security of critical
information infrastructure, cybersecurity and data security. However, there are still uncertainties as to the exact scope of network
products or services or data processing activities that will or may affect national security, and the PRC government authorities have
discretion in the interpretation and enforcement of these measures.

According to the Administrative Provisions on Security Vulnerability of Network Products jointly promulgated by the MIIT, the
Cyberspace Administration of China and the Ministry of Public Security, which came into effect on September 1, 2021, network
product providers, network operators as well as organizations or individuals engaging in the network product security vulnerability
discovery, collection, release and other activities shall establish channels to receive information of security vulnerability of their
respective network products and shall examine and fix such security vulnerability in a timely manner. Network product providers are
required to report relevant security vulnerability of network products with the MIIT within two days of discovery and provide
technical support to network product users. Network operators shall take measures to examine and fix security vulnerability after
discovering or becoming aware that their networks, information systems or equipment have security loopholes. According to these
provisions, the network product providers and network operators who fail to perform the aforementioned obligations may be subject to
administrative penalty in accordance with the Cybersecurity Law.

The Cyberspace Administration of China is responsible for organizing and implementing cybersecurity reviews, while the competent
departments in key industries such as finance, telecommunications, energy and transport shall be responsible for organizing and
implementing security review of cyber products and services in their respective industries or fields.

On November 15, 2018, the Cyberspace Administration of China issued the Provisions on Security Assessment of the Internet
Information Services with Public Opinion Attributes or Social Mobilization Capacity, which came into effect on November 30, 2018.
The provisions require ICPs to conduct security assessments on their Internet information services if their services include functions
that provide channels for the public to express opinions or have the capability of mobilizing the public to engage in specific activities.
ICPs must conduct self-assessment on, among other things, the legality of new technology involved in the services and the
effectiveness of security risk prevention measures, and file the assessment report with the local competent cyberspace administration
authority and public security authority.

On September 17, 2021, the Cyberspace Administration of China and the SAMR, together with several other governmental
authorities, jointly issued the Guidelines on Strengthening the Comprehensive Regulation of Algorithm for Internet Information
Services, which provide that relevant regulators shall carry out daily monitoring of data use, application scenarios and effects of
algorithms, and conduct security assessments of algorithm, and that an algorithm filing system shall be established and classification
and hierarchical security management of algorithms shall be adopted. On December 31, 2021, the Cyberspace Administration of
China, the MIIT, the Ministry of Public Security and the SAMR jointly promulgated the Administrative Provisions on Algorithm
Recommendation for Internet Information Services, or the Algorithm Recommendation Provisions, which came into effect on March
1, 2022. The Algorithm Recommendation Provisions implement the classification and hierarchical management of algorithm
recommendation service providers based on various criteria, and stipulate that algorithm recommendation service providers shall
clearly inform users of their provision of algorithm recommendation services, and properly publicize the basic principles, intentions,
and main operating mechanisms of algorithm recommendation services, and that algorithm recommendation service providers selling
goods or providing services to consumers shall protect consumers’ rights of fair trade, and are prohibited from carrying out illegal
conduct such as unreasonable differentiated treatment on transaction conditions based on consumers’ preferences, purchasing habits,
or such other characteristics.

In October 2021, the SAMR released the draft Guidelines for Classification and Grading of Internet Platforms, or the Draft
Classification Guidelines, and the draft Guidelines for Implementing Subject Responsibilities of Internet Platforms, or the
Responsibilities Guidelines, for public comments. The Classification Guidelines divide Internet platforms into super platforms, large
platforms, and small and medium platforms, on the basis of the scale of users, business types, and restrictive capacities. The
Responsibilities Guidelines further lay down additional responsibilities for operators of super platforms with respect to fair
competition, equal governance, open ecosystem, data management, internal governance, risk assessment and prevention, security audit
and innovation. For example, super platforms should promote interoperability between the services they provide and those provided
by other platforms.

On November 25, 2022, the Administrative Provisions on Deep Synthesis of Internet Information Services was jointly issued by the
Cyberspace Administration of China, MIIT and Ministry of Public Security, and took effect on January 10, 2023. According to these
provisions, deep synthesis technology refers to any technology that utilizes deep learning, virtual reality or any other generative or
synthetic algorithm to produce text, images, audio, video, virtual scenes or other network information. These provisions emphasize
that the providers of deep synthesis services, as the primary entities responsible for the information security, should not use deep
synthesis services to engage in activities prohibited by laws and regulations. If the Cyberspace Administration of China and other




                                                                                                         Fiscal Year 2025 Annual Report      33
     Business Overview


     competent government authorities find that the deep synthesis service has a serious information security risk, they may require the
     deep synthesis service providers and technical supporters to suspend information updates, user account registration or other related
     services, and deep synthesis service providers and technical supporters shall take measures to rectify and eliminate such information
     security risks. A violation of these provisions by deep synthesis service providers and/or technical supporters will subject them to
     penalties under the laws related to the administration of public security. Deep synthesis service providers and/or technical supporters
     may also be prosecuted for criminal responsibility if their act constitutes a crime.

     On March 18, 2023, the Cyberspace Administration of China released the Provisions on the Administrative Law Enforcement
     Procedures for the Cyberspace Administration Authorities, which came into effect on June 1, 2023. These provisions clarify the
     procedures of cyberspace administrative law enforcement actions of the cyberspace administration authorities, as well as the
     procedures and requirements for administrative penalty. These provisions state that, prior to the imposition of administrative penalties,
     cyberspace administration authorities must notify parties concerned of their right to request a hearing, and that they must make such
     request within five days of receiving a notification, otherwise they shall be deemed to have waived their right to a hearing.

     On July 10, 2023, the Cyberspace Administration of China, together with other relevant authorities, released the Interim Measures on
     Generative AI Services, which came into effect on August 15, 2023 and mainly impose compliance requirements on providers of
     generative AI services. According to the Interim Measures on Generative AI Services, individuals or organizations that provide
     generative AI services of text, image, audios, videos and other content shall be responsible as the producers of such network
     information content and as the personal information processors to protect any personal information involved. Providers of generative
     AI services shall enter into service agreements with users registering for their generative AI services and shall adopt effective
     measures to prevent minor users from over-relying or addicting to generative AI services. In the event illegal content or users
     engaging in illegal activities using generative AI services are discovered, the generative AI services providers are required to take
     appropriate measures, including stopping the generation of such illegal content and suspending or terminating the provision of
     services, undergo rectifications, keep relevant records and report to the competent authority. Any provider of generative AI services
     with attribute of public opinions or capable of social mobilization shall conduct security assessment and complete certain filings in
     accordance with the Administrative Provisions on Internet Information Service Algorithm Recommendation. Providers of generative
     AI services may be subject to penalties for non-compliance, including warning, public denouncement, rectification orders and
     suspension of the provision of relevant services.

     In early 2025, the Measures for Labelling Artificial Intelligence-generated or -created Content and the related standards were released
     and will take effect on September 1, 2025. According to these measures, Internet information service providers shall bear the
     obligation to label the AI-generated content. The related standards further provide specific methods for the AI-generated content
     labelling.

     Regulation of Data and Privacy Protection

     Under the ICP Measures, ICPs are prohibited from producing, copying, publishing or distributing information that is humiliating or
     defamatory to others or that infringes upon the lawful rights and interests of others. Depending on the nature of the violation, ICPs
     may face criminal charges or sanctions by PRC public security authorities for these acts, and may be ordered to temporarily suspend
     their services or have their licenses revoked.

     Under the rules issued by the MIIT, ICPs are also prohibited from collecting any personal user information or providing any
     information to third parties without the consent of the user. The Cybersecurity Law provides an exception to the consent requirement
     where the information is anonymous, not personally identifiable and unrecoverable. ICPs must expressly inform the users of the
     method, content and purpose of the collection and processing of user’s personal information and may only collect information
     necessary for its services. ICPs are also required to properly maintain the user personal information, and in case of any leak or likely
     leak of the user’s personal information, ICPs must take remedial measures immediately and report any material leak to the
     telecommunications regulatory authority.

     The PRC government retains the power and authority to order ICPs to provide an Internet user’s personal information if a user posts
     any prohibited content or engages in any illegal activities through the Internet.

     According to the Cybersecurity Law, individuals may request that network operators make corrections to or delete their personal
     information in case the information is wrong or was collected or used beyond an individual’s agreement with network operators.

     On June 10, 2021, the Standing Committee of the National People’s Congress of China promulgated the Data Security Law which
     took effect in September 2021. The Data Security Law provides for data security and privacy obligations of entities and individuals
     carrying out data activities, prohibits entities and individuals in China from providing any foreign judicial or law enforcement
     authority with any data stored in China without approval from the competent PRC authority, and sets forth the legal liabilities of
     entities and individuals found to be in violation of their data protection obligations, including rectification order, warning, fine,




34   Alibaba Group Holding Limited
                                                                                                           Business Overview


suspension of relevant business, and revocation of business permits or licenses. The Data Security Law also introduces a data
classification and hierarchical protection system based on the importance of data in economic and social development, as well as the
degree of harm it will cause to national security, public interests, or legitimate rights and interests of individuals or organizations when
such data is tampered with, destroyed, leaked, or illegally acquired or used, and an appropriate level of protection measures is required
to be taken for the respective categories of data, for example, the processor of important data shall designate the personnel and
management institution responsible for the data security, carry out risk assessment for its data processing activities and file the risk
assessment report with the competent authorities. On March 15, 2024, the National Cybersecurity Standardization Technical
Committee issued the Data Security Technology Data Classification and Grading Rules, which provide guidelines for identifying
important data. This voluntary national standard became effective on October 1, 2024. In addition, the Data Security Law provides a
national security review procedure for those data activities which may affect national security and imposes export restrictions on
certain data and information.

On July 7, 2022, the Cyberspace Administration of China promulgated the Measures for the Security Assessment of Cross-border
Data Transmission, which came into effect on September 1, 2022 and shall regulate the security assessment on the cross-border data
transfer by data processor of important data and personal information collected and generated during operations within the PRC.
According to these measures, personal data processors will be subject to security assessment conducted by the Cyberspace
Administration of China prior to any cross-border transfer of data if the transfer involves (i) important data; (ii) personal information
transferred overseas by operators of critical information infrastructure or a data processor that has processed personal data of more
than one million persons; (iii) personal information transferred overseas by a data processor who has already provided personal data of
100,000 persons or sensitive personal data of 10,000 persons overseas since January 1 of last year; or (iv) other circumstances as
requested by the Cyberspace Administration of China. According to the official interpretation by the official of the Cyberspace
Administration of China, cross-border data transfer activities subject to these measures include (1) the transmission and storage
overseas by data processors of the data generated during PRC domestic operations, and (2) the access to or use of the data collected
and generated by data processors and stored in the PRC by overseas institutions, organizations or individuals. Furthermore, any cross-
border data transfer activities conducted in violation of the Measures for the Security Assessment of Cross-border Data Transmission
before the effectiveness of these measures are required to be rectified by March 2023. In addition, on June 1, 2023, the Provisions on
the Prescribed Agreement on Cross-border Data Transfer, or the Provisions on Prescribed Agreement promulgated by the Cyberspace
Administration of China came into effect, which stipulate the applicable conditions for personal information processors to engage in
cross-border data transfer through the establishment of prescribed agreements and the detailed procedure for executing prescribed
agreements and filing with the provincial cyberspace administration. The Provisions on Prescribed Agreement provide a prescribed
agreement template for data transfer activities and require that personal information processors shall enter into agreements strictly in
accordance with the template and do not allow any side agreements in conflict with the template.

On March 22, 2024, the Cyberspace Administration of China issued the Provisions on Promoting and Regulating Cross-border Data
Flow, which provide several exemptions from undergoing security assessment, obtaining personal information protection certification,
or entering into prescribed agreement for cross-border transfer of personal information for businesses. These exemptions include,
among others, scenarios where a data processor transfers personal information abroad for the necessity of entering into or performing
a cross-border shopping, cross-border delivery, cross-border remittances, or cross-border payments contract to which an individual is a
party. The provisions also explicitly state that data processors are not required to conduct data security assessment for cross-border
data transfers if the concerning data has not been notified or published as important data by relevant departments or regions.

In September 2024, the State Council of the PRC promulgated the Regulations on Network Data Security Management, which came
into effect on January 1, 2025 and clarify the obligations of the network platform service providers. According to these regulations,
network platform service providers shall clearly specify the network data security protection obligations of third parties who provide
products or services on their platforms, procure these third parties to enhance their network data security management, and will need
to bear legal liabilities where data processing activities by such third parties violate applicable laws or the platform rules and harm
users. Large network platform operators are further required to release an annual social responsibility report on personal information
protection and shall not carry out unfair or deceptive practices such as collecting and processing user data through misleading,
fraudulent, or coercive means, unjustified restrictions on users’ access to network data generated on the platforms, and unreasonable
differential treatment of users. These regulations further impose obligations on important data processors, including designating and
specifying persons and management bodies responsible for data security, implementing regular data security risk assessment and other
data protection measures, and submitting annual risk assessment reports to relevant authorities.

On August 20, 2021, the Standing Committee of the National People’s Congress of China promulgated the Personal Information
Protection Law which took effect in November 2021. The Personal Information Protection Law requires, among others, that (i) the
processing of personal information should have a clear and reasonable purpose which should be directly related to the processing
purpose, using a method that has the least impact on personal rights and interests, and (ii) the collection of personal information
should be limited to the minimum scope necessary to achieve the processing purpose to avoid the excessive collection of personal
information. Different types of personal information and personal information processing will be subject to various rules on consent,
transfer, and security. Entities handling personal information shall bear responsibility for their personal information handling




                                                                                                         Fiscal Year 2025 Annual Report        35
     Business Overview


     activities, and adopt necessary measures to safeguard the security of the personal information they handle. Otherwise, information
     processors could be subject to liability for their processing activities, including rectification, or suspension or termination of their
     provision of their services as well as confiscation of illegal income, fines or other penalties. The Personal Information Protection Law
     stipulates the specialized personal information protection obligations for the personal information processors who provide significant
     Internet platform services with a massive user base and complex business types. These processors are required to establish and
     improve a personal information protection compliance system, establish an independent agency to supervise the protection of personal
     information, formulate platform rules to clarify the norms for the processing personal information on the platform, stop providing
     services to products or service providers who illegally process personal information on the platform, issue personal information
     protection social responsibility reports regularly and accept social supervision. As the Data Security Law, the Personal Information
     Protection Law and relevant rules and regulations are still evolving, we may be required to make further adjustments to our business
     practices to comply with these laws, rules and regulations.

     Regulation of Consumer Protection

     Our online and mobile commerce business is subject to a variety of consumer protection laws, including the PRC Consumer Rights
     and Interests Protection Law, as amended and effective on March 15, 2014, and the Online Trading Measures, both of which have
     imposed stringent requirements and obligations on business operators, including Internet business operators and platform service
     providers like us. For example, consumers are entitled to return goods purchased online, subject to certain exceptions, within seven
     days upon receipt of goods without any reason. Furthermore, on March 15, 2024, the Implementing Rules of the Consumer Rights
     Protection Law of the People’s Republic of China was released and came into effect on July 1, 2024. These rules further specify the
     obligations stipulated in the PRC Consumer Rights and Interests Protection Law, such as protecting consumers’ personal and property
     safety, handling of defective products, prohibiting fraudulent advertising and unfair practices in standard terms, price transparency,
     quality guarantee, and protecting consumers' personal information. Pursuant to the PRC Consumer Rights and Interests Protection
     Law and its implementing rules, Internet trading platforms, including livestreaming marketing platforms, shall fulfill the undertakings
     that they make to consumers regarding their products or services, clearly notify consumers of auto-renewal and auto-pay before the
     consumers accept the service and before the date of automatic renewal or automatic payment, provide appropriate dispute resolution
     mechanisms for consumers and otherwise protect consumer rights. Furthermore, according to the Online Trading Measures, operators
     of online trading platforms are required to establish a system for monitoring the merchants and the goods or services information they
     publish on the platforms. Operators of online trading platforms shall report to the SAMR or its local branches any violation of
     applicable laws, regulations or SAMR rules and shall take appropriate measures, such as warning, suspending or ceasing the services
     against the illegal activities. Additionally, these rules have added the protection of elderly and minors as consumers to the obligations
     of business operators regarding the protection of elderly and minors as consumers. Furthermore, these rules provide requirements to
     address situations where business operators may abuse technology, platform rules or their dominant positions to infringe on consumer
     rights, such as prohibiting price discrimination, fraudulent advertising and excessively collecting consumers’ personal information. In
     addition, these rules require livestreaming marketing platform operators to establish and improve mechanisms for consumer rights
     protection. On January 6, 2017, the SAIC issued the Interim Measures for No Reason Return of Online Purchased Commodities
     within Seven Days, which came into effect on March 15, 2017 and was amended on October 23, 2020, further clarifying the scope of
     consumers’ rights to make returns without a reason, including exceptions, return procedures and online marketplace platform
     providers’ responsibility to formulate seven day no-reason return rules and related consumer protection systems, and to supervise
     merchants for compliance with these rules. To ensure that merchants and service providers comply with these laws and regulations,
     we, as platform operators, are required to implement rules governing transactions on our platform, monitor the information posted by
     merchants and service providers, and report any violations by merchants or service providers to the relevant authorities. In addition,
     online marketplace platform providers may, pursuant to PRC consumer protection laws, be subject to liabilities if the lawful rights and
     interests of consumers are infringed in connection with consumers’ purchase of goods or acceptance of services on online marketplace
     platforms and the platform service providers fail to provide consumers with the contact information of the merchant or manufacturer.
     In addition, platform service providers may be jointly and severally liable with merchants and manufacturers if they are aware or
     should be aware that the merchant or manufacturer is using the online platform to infringe upon the lawful rights and interests of
     consumers and fail to take measures necessary to prevent or stop this activity. On January 1, 2024, the Regulations on the Protection
     of Minors on the Network came into effect and stipulate that important Internet platforms with large number of minor users and
     significant influence among minors must fulfill their obligations, including but not limited to establishing a protocol to oversee the
     protection of minors online and carrying out periodic impact assessment, adopting “teenager modes” for minors, and suspending
     services to providers of products or services on the platform who seriously violate laws and regulations and harm minors’ rights and
     interests.

     Failure to comply with these consumer protection laws could subject us to administrative sanctions, such as the issuance of a warning,
     confiscation of illegal income, imposition of a fine, an order to cease business operations, revocation of business licenses, as well as
     potential civil or criminal liabilities.




36   Alibaba Group Holding Limited
                                                                                                          Business Overview



Regulation of Pricing

In China, the prices of a very small number of products and services are guided or fixed by the government. According to the PRC
Pricing Law, or the Pricing Law, business operators must, as required by the government departments in charge of pricing, mark the
prices explicitly and indicate the name, production origin, specifications, and other related particulars clearly. Business operators may
not sell products at a premium or charge any fees that are not explicitly indicated. Business operators must not conduct unlawful
pricing activities, such as colluding with others to manipulate the market price, providing fraudulent discounted price information,
using false or misleading prices to deceive consumers to transact, or conducting price discrimination against other business operators.
In addition, in July 2021, the SAMR released the revised draft Provisions on the Administrative Penalties on Price-related Violations
for public comment, which proposed significant penalties, including fines of up to 10% of revenue during the violation period,
suspension of business or revocation of business license, for a number of price-related violations, such as below-cost pricing to
squeeze out competitors, price discrimination, manipulation of market prices and fraudulent pricing. In particular, improper pricing by
e-commerce platform operators, including the use of big data analysis, algorithms or other technologies to conduct differentiated
pricing and price subsidies, may be subject to significant penalties, including fines of up to 5% of prior year’s revenue, suspension of
business and revocation of business license. Failure to comply with the Pricing Law or other rules or regulations on pricing may
subject business operators to administrative sanctions such as warnings, orders to cease unlawful activities, payment of compensation
to consumers, confiscation of illegal gains, and/or fines. The business operators may be ordered to suspend business for rectification,
or have their business licenses revoked if the circumstances are severe. Merchants on Tmall and Taobao undertake the primary
obligation under the Pricing Law. However, in some cases, we, as platform operator, have been and may in the future be held liable
and be subject to fines or other penalties if the authorities determine that, our guidance for platform-wide promotional activities
resulted in unlawful pricing activities by the merchants on our platforms or the pricing information we provided for platform-wide
promotional activities was untrue or misleading.

Labor Laws and Social Insurance

Pursuant to the PRC Labor Law and the PRC Labor Contract Law, employers must execute written labor contracts with full-time
employees. All employers must comply with local minimum wage standards. Violations of the PRC Labor Contract Law and the PRC
Labor Law may result in the imposition of fines and other administrative and criminal liability in the case of serious violations.

In addition, according to the PRC Social Insurance Law and the Regulations on the Administration of Housing Funds, employers in
China must provide employees with welfare schemes covering pension insurance, unemployment insurance, maternity insurance,
work-related injury insurance, medical insurance and housing funds.

Other PRC Regulations

         Regulation of Corporate Governance

On December 29, 2023, the Standing Committee of the National People’s Congress promulgated the amended PRC Company Law,
which came into effect on July 1, 2024 and replaced the existing PRC Company Law. The revisions include (i) optimizing the
governance mechanism, clarifying that the board of directors is the executive body of the company, allowing the company to choose
to establish a corporate governance structure composed of “board of directors with an audit committee under the board of directors” or
“board of directors and board of supervisors” based on its actual circumstances, and allowing small companies limited by shares to be
incorporated without a board of directors; (ii) further improving the company capital system, introducing the authorized capital system
for companies limited by shares, clarifying the classes of shares that can be issued by companies limited by shares, strengthening the
principle of capital maintenance, and allowing the use of capital reserves to cover losses; (iii) strengthening the fiduciary duties of the
directors, supervisors and senior management, including the responsibilities of the directors, supervisors and senior management to
maintain adequate company capital and report related party transactions, their joint and several liabilities and liquidation obligations;
and (iv) improving the company registration system, clarifying that equity interests and creditor rights can be contributed as capital,
allowing the establishment of companies limited by shares with one shareholder, and introducing simplified procedures for capital
reduction and de-registration of company to facilitate a company’s operation.

On April 29, 2024, the SAMR issued the Measures for the Administration of Beneficial Owner Information. These measures specify
the scope of market entities that are subject to filing obligations, the conditions to exemption from filing, and the definition and
identification standards of beneficial owners. According to the general standard for identifying the beneficial owners, natural persons
who meet any of the following conditions are beneficial owners: ultimately owning 25% or more equity interests, shares or partnership
interests in an entity directly or indirectly, ultimately being entitled to 25% or more of its income or holding 25% or more of its voting
rights, or exercising actual control over the entity individually or jointly. If there is no person who meets the aforesaid standards, the
person responsible for routine operation and management shall be deemed as the beneficial owner. These measures provide that the




                                                                                                         Fiscal Year 2025 Annual Report       37
     Business Overview


     actual control includes without limitation the control by agreement, but does not conclusively determine the beneficial owner under
     contractual arrangements, and uncertainties exist with respect to our disclosure of beneficial owners pursuant to these measures.

           Regulation of Foreign Investment

     On March 15, 2019, the National People’s Congress promulgated the 2019 PRC Foreign Investment Law, which became effective on
     January 1, 2020 and replaced the major former laws and regulations governing foreign investment in the PRC. Pursuant to the 2019
     PRC Foreign Investment Law, “foreign investments” refer to investment activities conducted by foreign investors directly or
     indirectly in the PRC, which include any of the following circumstances: (i) foreign investors setting up foreign-invested enterprises in
     the PRC solely or jointly with other investors, (ii) foreign investors obtaining shares, equity interests, property portions or other
     similar rights and interests of enterprises within the PRC, (iii) foreign investors investing in new projects in the PRC solely or jointly
     with other investors, and (iv) investment of other methods as specified in laws, administrative regulations, or as stipulated by the State
     Council of the PRC.

     According to the 2019 PRC Foreign Investment Law and its implementing rules, China adopts a system of pre-entry national
     treatment plus negative list with respect to foreign investment administration, and the negative list will be proposed by the competent
     investment department of the State Council of the PRC in conjunction with the competent commerce department of the State Council
     of the PRC and other relevant departments, and be reported to the State Council of the PRC for promulgation, or be promulgated by
     the competent investment department or competent commerce department of the State Council of the PRC after being reported to the
     State Council of the PRC for approval. Foreign investment beyond the negative list will be granted national treatment. Foreign
     investors shall not invest in the prohibited industries as specified in the negative list, while foreign investment must satisfy certain
     conditions stipulated in the negative list for investment in the restricted industries. The current industry entry clearance requirements
     governing investment activities in the PRC by foreign investors are set out in two categories, namely the Negative List and the
     Encouraged Industry Catalogue for Foreign Investment (2022 version), or the 2022 Encouraged Industry Catalogue, both of which
     were promulgated by the NDRC and the MOFCOM and took effect in November 2024 and January 2023 respectively. Industries not
     listed in these two categories are generally deemed “permitted” for foreign investment unless otherwise restricted by other PRC laws.
     Our major subsidiaries are registered in China and mainly engage in software development, technical services and consulting, all of
     which fall into the encouraged or permitted category. These major subsidiaries have obtained all material approvals required for their
     business operations. The Negative List does not apply to our major subsidiaries that are registered and domiciled in Hong Kong, the
     British Virgin Islands or the Cayman Islands, and operate outside of Chinese mainland. The businesses of our other PRC subsidiaries,
     including PRC subsidiaries of our major subsidiaries, are generally software development, technical services and consulting, which
     fall into the encouraged or permitted category. Industries such as value-added telecommunications services, including Internet
     information services, are generally restricted to foreign investment pursuant to the Negative List. We conduct business operations that
     are restricted or prohibited to foreign investment through variable interest entities.

     On December 19, 2020, the NDRC and MOFCOM promulgated the Foreign Investment Security Review Measures, which took effect
     on January 18, 2021. Under the Foreign Investment Security Review Measures, foreign investments in military, national defense-
     related areas or in locations in proximity to military facilities, or foreign investments that would result in acquiring the actual control
     of assets in certain key sectors, such as critical agricultural products, energy and resources, equipment manufacturing, infrastructure,
     transport, cultural products and services, IT, Internet products and services, financial services and technology sectors, are required to
     obtain approval from designated governmental authorities in advance. Although the term “actual control” is not clearly defined under
     the Foreign Investment Security Review Measures, it is possible that control through contractual arrangement may be regarded as a
     form of actual control and therefore requires approval from the competent governmental authority. Since there are significant
     uncertainties with respect to the interpretation and implementation of the Foreign Investment Security Review Measures, there are
     substantial uncertainties as to whether our contractual arrangements may be deemed as a method of foreign investment in the future.

           Regulation of Foreign Debts

     The Administrative Measures for Examination and Registration of Medium and Long-term Foreign Debts of Enterprises, or the
     Foreign Debts Measures, were promulgated by NDRC on January 5, 2023 and came in effect on February 10, 2023, requiring that the
     PRC enterprises and overseas enterprises or branches controlled by them, including holding companies with a VIE structure, to
     complete application for registration of foreign debts with the NDRC prior to the borrowing of foreign debts with a term of over one
     year.

           Tax Regulations

           PRC Enterprise Income Tax

     The PRC enterprise income tax, or EIT, is calculated based on the taxable income determined under the applicable PRC Enterprise
     Income Tax Law, or EIT Law, and its implementation rules, both of which became effective on January 1, 2008 and were most




38   Alibaba Group Holding Limited
                                                                                                       Business Overview


recently amended on December 29, 2018 and April 23, 2019, respectively. The EIT Law generally imposes a uniform enterprise
income tax rate of 25% on all resident enterprises in China, including foreign-invested enterprises.

The EIT Law and its implementation rules permit certain High and New Technologies Enterprises, or HNTEs, to enjoy a reduced 15%
enterprise income tax rate if they meet certain criteria and are officially acknowledged. In addition, the relevant EIT laws and
regulations also provide that entities recognized as Software Enterprises are able to enjoy a tax holiday consisting of a two-year-
exemption commencing from their first profitable calendar year and a 50% reduction in ordinary tax rate for the following three
calendar years. In 2020, the relevant governmental authorities further announced that Key Software Enterprises will be exempted from
enterprise income tax for the first five years, commencing from the first year of profitable operation after offsetting tax losses
generating from prior years, and be subject to a preferential income tax rate of 10% after the first five years. The qualification as a
“Key Software Enterprise” is subject to annual evaluation and approval by the relevant authorities in China. A number of our PRC
subsidiaries and operating entities are qualified to enjoy these types of preferential tax treatment.

      PRC VAT

According to the amended Interim Regulation of the People’s Republic of China on Value Added Tax issued by the State Council of
the PRC on November 19, 2017, a VAT rate of 6% applies to revenue derived from the provision of certain services. A taxpayer is
allowed to offset the qualified input VAT paid on taxable purchases against the output VAT chargeable on the revenue from services
provided. On December 25, 2024, the Standing Committee of the National People’s Congress promulgated the Value-added Tax Law
of the People's Republic of China, which will come into effect on January 1, 2026 and further clarifies the provisions related to VAT,
including VAT rates, taxable amounts, tax preferences, and tax collection administration.

On March 20, 2019, the MOF, the STA and the General Administration of Customs issued the Announcement on Policies for
Deepening VAT Reform, or Announcement 39, which came into effect on April 1, 2019, to further slash VAT rates. According to
Announcement 39, (i) the 16% or 10% VAT previously imposed on sales and imports by general VAT taxpayers is reduced to 13% or
9% respectively; (ii) the 10% purchase VAT credit rate allowed for procured agricultural products is reduced to 9%; (iii) the 13%
purchase VAT credit rate allowed for agricultural products procured for production or commissioned processing is reduced to 10%;
and (iv) the 16% or 10% export VAT refund rate previously granted to exportation of goods or labor services is reduced to 13% or
9%, respectively.

      PRC Import Tax

According to the Notice on Tax Policy for Cross-border E-commerce Retail Imports, or New Tax Notice on Cross-Border E-
commerce, which became effective on April 8, 2016, goods imported through cross-border e-commerce platforms have been treated as
normal goods subject to VAT, consumption tax and tariff. In general, a VAT at the rate of 17% (before May 1, 2018) or 16% (from
May 1, 2018 to March 31, 2019) or 13% (from April 1, 2019 onwards) is levied on most goods imported via cross-border e-commerce
platforms and a 15% consumption tax is levied on high-end cosmetics and high-end skincare products, while no consumption tax is
levied on regular skin care products, maternity or baby care products. As a preferential tax treatment, the Notice on Improving the Tax
Policies on Cross-Border E-Commerce Retail Imports, which was issued on November 29, 2018 and took effect on January 1, 2019,
provides that, if the goods imported through cross-border e-commerce platforms are within the quota of RMB5,000 per purchase order
and RMB26,000 per year per buyer, there is a 30% discount off the applicable VAT and the consumption tax, and the tariff is waived.

      PRC Export Tax

According to the Notice on the Taxation Policies for Cross-border E-Commerce Retail Export, or the E-Commerce Export Taxation
Notice, which was jointly issued by the MOF and the STA and took effect on January 1, 2014, an e-commerce export enterprise may
be exempt from or refunded with consumption tax and VAT upon satisfaction of certain conditions or requirements under such notice.
However, third-party e-commerce platforms providing transaction services for e-commerce export enterprises are not eligible for a tax
refund or exemption under the E-Commerce Export Taxation Notice.

      Regulation of Foreign Exchange and Dividend Distribution

      Foreign Exchange Regulation

The principal regulations governing foreign currency exchange in China are the Regulations on Foreign Exchange Administration of
the PRC. Under the PRC foreign exchange regulations, payments of current account items, such as profit distributions and trade and
service-related foreign exchange transactions, may be made in foreign currencies without prior approval from SAFE by complying
with certain procedural requirements. By contrast, approval from or registration with appropriate government authorities is required
where Renminbi is to be converted into foreign currency and remitted out of China to pay capital expenses, such as the repayment of




                                                                                                      Fiscal Year 2025 Annual Report      39
     Business Overview


     foreign currency-denominated loans, or foreign currency is to be remitted into China under the capital account, such as capital
     increases or foreign currency loans to our PRC subsidiaries.

     In June 2016, SAFE issued the Circular on Reforming and Regulating Policies on the Control over Foreign Exchange Settlement of
     Capital Accounts, or Circular 16, which took effect on the same day and was most recently amended in December 2023. Circular 16
     provides that discretionary foreign exchange settlement applies to foreign exchange capital, foreign debt offering proceeds and
     remitted foreign listing proceeds, and the corresponding Renminbi obtained from foreign exchange settlement is not restricted from
     being used to extend loans to related parties or repay the inter-company loans (including advances by third parties).

     On January 18, 2017, SAFE promulgated the Circular on Further Improving Reform of Foreign Exchange Administration and
     Optimizing Genuineness and Compliance Verification, or Circular 3, which took effect on the same day. Circular 3 sets out various
     capital control measures with respect to outbound remittance of funds from PRC entities to offshore entities. Circular 3 requires banks
     to verify board resolutions, tax filing forms, and audited financial statements before wiring foreign invested enterprises’ foreign
     exchange distribution above US$50,000. Moreover, pursuant to Circular 3, PRC entities must explain in detail the sources of capital
     and how the capital will be used, and provide board resolutions, contracts and other proof as a part of the registration procedure for
     outbound investment.

     On October 23, 2019, SAFE issued the Notice of Further Facilitating Cross-border Trade and Investment, or Circular 28, which took
     effect on the same day and was most recently amended in December 2023. Circular 28 allows non-investment foreign-invested
     enterprises to use their capital funds to make equity investments in China, provided that such investments do not violate the negative
     list and the target investment projects are genuine and in compliance with laws. According to the Circular on Optimizing
     Administration of Foreign Exchange to Support the Development of Foreign-related Business issued by SAFE on April 10, 2020,
     eligible enterprises are allowed to make PRC domestic payments with their income under capital accounts such as capital funds,
     foreign debts and proceeds from overseas listing without submitting evidence of genuineness to the banks in advance, provided the use
     of such funds is genuine and in compliance with administrative regulations on the use of income under capital accounts.

     We typically do not need to use our offshore foreign currency to fund our PRC operations. In the event we need to do so, we will
     apply to obtain the relevant approvals of SAFE and other PRC government authorities as necessary. Our PRC subsidiaries’
     distributions to their offshore parent companies and our cross-border foreign exchange activities are required to comply with the
     various requirements under the relevant foreign exchange rules.

           Regulation of Dividend Distribution

     The principal laws, rules and regulations governing dividend distribution by foreign-invested enterprises in the PRC are the Company
     Law of the PRC, as amended, which applies to both PRC domestic companies and foreign-invested companies, and the 2019 PRC
     Foreign Investment Law and its implementation rules, which apply to foreign-invested companies. Under these laws, rules and
     regulations, foreign-invested enterprises may pay dividends only out of their accumulated profit, if any, as determined in accordance
     with PRC accounting standards and regulations. Both PRC domestic companies and wholly-foreign owned PRC enterprises are
     required to set aside as general reserves at least 10% of their after-tax profit, until the cumulative amount of their reserves reaches
     50% of their registered capital. A PRC company is not permitted to distribute any profits until any losses from prior fiscal years have
     been offset. Profits retained from prior fiscal years may be distributed together with distributable profits from the current fiscal year.

           Regulation of Overseas Listing

     The PRC government has enhanced its regulatory oversight of Chinese companies listing overseas. The Opinions on Intensifying
     Crack Down on Illegal Securities Activities issued on July 6, 2021 called for (i) tightening oversight of data security, cross-border data
     flow and administration of classified information, as well as amendments to relevant regulations to specify responsibilities of overseas
     listed Chinese companies with respect to data security and information security; (ii) enhanced oversight of overseas listed companies
     as well as overseas equity fundraising and listing by Chinese companies; and (iii) extraterritorial application of PRC's securities laws.

     Furthermore, on February 17, 2023, the CSRC released the Trial Administrative Measures of Overseas Securities Offering and Listing
     by Domestic Companies and five relevant guidelines, or collectively, the Overseas Listing Trial Measures, which took effect from
     March 31, 2023, requiring Chinese domestic companies’ overseas offerings and listings of equity securities be filed with the CSRC.
     The Overseas Listing Trial Measures clarify the scope of overseas offerings and listings by Chinese domestic companies which are
     subject to the filing and reporting requirements thereunder, and provide, among others, that Chinese domestic companies that have
     already directly or indirectly offered and listed securities in overseas markets prior to the effectiveness of the Overseas Listing Trial
     Measures shall fulfill their filing obligations and report relevant information to the CSRC within three working days after conducting a
     follow-on offering of equity securities on the same overseas market, and follow the relevant reporting requirements within three
     working days upon the occurrence of any specified circumstances provided thereunder. According to the Overseas Listing Trial
     Measures, if we fail to complete the filing procedures with the CSRC for any of our follow-on offerings or fall within any of the




40   Alibaba Group Holding Limited
                                                                                                          Business Overview


circumstances where our follow-on offering is prohibited by the State Council of the PRC, our offering application may be
discontinued and we may be subject to penalties, sanctions and fines imposed by the CSRC and relevant departments of the State
Council of the PRC.

On February 24, 2023, the CSRC and several other governmental authorities jointly issued the revised Provisions on Strengthening
Confidentiality and Archives Administration of Overseas Securities Offering and Listing by Domestic Companies, or the Revised
Confidentiality Provisions, which came into effect on March 31, 2023. According to the Revised Confidentiality Provisions, Chinese
companies that directly or indirectly conduct overseas offerings and listings, shall strictly abide by the laws and regulations on
confidentiality when providing or publicly disclosing, either directly or through their overseas listed entities, materials to securities
services providers. In the event such materials contain state secrets or working secrets of government agencies, the Chinese companies
shall first obtain approval from authorities, and file with the secrecy administrative department at the same level with the approving
authority; in the event that such materials, if divulged, will jeopardize national security or public interest, the Chinese companies shall
comply with procedures stipulated by national regulations. The Chinese companies shall also provide a written statement of the
specific sensitive information provided when providing materials to securities service providers, and such written statements shall be
retained for inspection.




                                                                                                         Fiscal Year 2025 Annual Report       41
     Business Overview


     Regulations Outside of the PRC

     While we conduct a significant majority of our business in the PRC, we also operate at smaller scales in a large number of
     jurisdictions outside of the PRC. The following is a summary of regulations outside of the PRC which we believe could have a
     significant impact on us.

     Data Protection Regulation in Europe

     The EU General Data Protection Regulation, or the EU GDPR entered into force on May 25, 2018. The EU GDPR applies to
     companies that process personal data (i) in the context of an establishment in the European Economic Area, or the EEA or (ii) outside
     of the EEA in relation to the offering of goods or services to, or the monitoring of the behavior of, individuals located in the EEA. The
     EU GDPR imposes stringent operational requirements for controllers of personal data, including, for example, disclosures about how
     personal data is to be used, limitations on retention of personal data and pseudonymized data, security requirements, mandatory data
     breach notification requirements, and the need for a valid legal basis for data processing activities.

     The activities of data processors are also regulated, and companies undertaking processing activities are required to offer certain
     guarantees in relation to the security of processing and the handling of personal data. Contracts with data processors need to include
     certain prescribed terms. Failure to comply with the EU GDPR and other laws relating to the protection of personal data may result in
     fines (for example, under the EU GDPR up to the greater of €20,000,000 or 4% of the total worldwide annual turnover), and other
     administrative penalties including criminal liability.

     Further legislative evolution in the field of European privacy is possible. For example, the EU re-evaluates the ‘adequacy’ of certain
     third country data protection frameworks every four years, which could result in additional compliance costs when transferring data
     outside the EEA.

     Regulation of Data and Digital Services in Europe

     The European regulatory framework governing the use and sharing of data, and the provision of digital services, is rapidly evolving.
     The EU has recently enacted new laws and regulations relating to data and digital services, including the Digital Services Act, or the
     DSA, and the Data Act, or the DA.

     The DSA entered into force on November 16, 2022 and the majority of its provisions became applicable on February 17, 2024. It
     governs intermediary services provided to recipients established or resident in the EU, and is applicable to conduit and caching
     providers, hosting service providers, online platforms, online consumer marketplaces, very large online platforms, and very large
     search engines. The DSA contains obligations relating to, amongst other things: illegal content; algorithmic transparency; content
     moderation; so-called ‘dark patterns’; recommender systems; the protection of children; know-your-trader requirements; traders’ legal
     compliance; illegal products; online advertising; accountability and reporting requirements; transparency; risk identification and
     mitigation; independent audits; data sharing requirements; and the payment of an annual supervisory fee. The precise obligations
     depend on the scale and nature of the service provider, with ‘very large online platforms’ and ‘very large online search engines’
     (defined as having a monthly average of 45 million or more active recipients of the service in the EU) being subject to the most
     comprehensive rules. Non-compliance with the DSA may result in fines of up to 6% of global annual turnover. AliExpress has been
     designated as a very large online platform, or VLOP, under the DSA, and is undergoing an ongoing assessment by the European
     Commission as to whether it may have infringed the DSA. See “Risk Factors — Risks Related to Our Business and Industry — We
     are subject to complex and evolving laws and regulations regarding privacy and data protection and cybersecurity. Complying with
     these laws and regulations increases our cost of operations, limits our business opportunities and may require changes to our data
     collection, use and other practices or negatively affect our user growth and engagement. Failure to comply with these laws and
     regulations could result in claims, regulatory investigations, litigation or penalties, or otherwise negatively affect our business.” The
     Data Act entered into force on January 11, 2024, and once applicable will, amongst other things, require certain cloud and edge
     service providers to (i) facilitate switching between and enable interoperability with third party providers, and (ii) impose appropriate
     safeguards before transferring certain non-personal data to third countries.

     Regulation of AI in Europe

     The EU has introduced a new regulation applicable to certain AI, technologies and the data used to train, test and deploy them, the AI
     Act. The AI Act, which entered into force on August 1, 2024, has established a risk-based governance framework which categorizes
     AI systems based on the risks associated with their intended purposes (e.g., “unacceptable” or “high” risk). AI practices involving
     “unacceptable” risk are prohibited outright as of February 2, 2025, and the requirements applicable to other risk categories (which will
     be imposed on both the providers and deployers of AI systems) will become effective on a staggered basis. For example, providers of
     “high”-risk AI systems will be required, among other things, to implement and maintain certain risk and quality management systems,
     conduct certain conformity and risk assessments, use appropriate data governance and management practices, and meet certain




42   Alibaba Group Holding Limited
                                                                                                         Business Overview


standards related to testing, robustness, transparency, human oversight and cybersecurity. These requirements will begin to apply from
August 2, 2026. The AI Act also sets out significant penalties for non-compliance, including fines of up to 7% of annual worldwide
turnover or €35 million (whichever is higher) for the most serious breaches. In parallel, the EU has introduced revisions to the EU
Product Liability Directive, which entered into force on December 8, 2024 and EU Member States must implement into their national
laws by December 9, 2026, which may facilitate certain claims for damages in respect of AI.

Preparing for and complying with the applicable requirements of the AI Act may affect our use of AI and our ability to provide,
develop and improve our services, require additional compliance measures and changes to our operations and processes, and/or result
in increased compliance costs, each of which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. If we
do not comply with the AI Act, we could be subject to enforcement actions that could result in fines or possible restrictions on our
ability to offer certain services in the EU market, as well as to civil claims made against us.

Global Anti-Base Erosion Rules

The Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development, or the OECD, published the “Global Anti-Base Erosion Model
Rules” in 2021, which introduced a global minimum tax of 15% for certain multinational enterprises, or the Pillar Two Rules. Some
jurisdictions have implemented or are in the process of implementing the Pillar Two Rules, which began to apply to us beginning in
fiscal year 2025. Based on our current assessment, we do not believe the Pillar Two Rules have a material impact on us, but we will
continue to monitor the legislative progress and assess the impact.


Permissions and Approvals Required to be Obtained from PRC
Authorities for our Business Operations
In the opinion of Fangda Partners, our PRC legal counsel, our consolidated subsidiaries and the VIEs in China have obtained all major
licenses, permissions and approvals from the competent PRC authorities that are necessary to the operations of our Taobao and Tmall
Group, Cloud Intelligence Group, AIDC Group and Local Services Group, which accounted for a substantial majority of our revenue
in fiscal year 2025. In addition, we have implemented policies and control procedures to obtain and maintain the necessary licenses,
permission and approvals to conduct our businesses. On the basis of the legal opinion issued by our PRC legal counsel and our
internal policies and procedures, we believe that our consolidated subsidiaries and the VIEs in China have received the requisite
licenses, permissions and approvals from the PRC authorities as are necessary for our business operations in China. Such licenses,
permits, registrations and filings include, among others, Value-added Telecommunication License, License for Online Transmission of
Audio-Visual Programs, Network Cultural Business License, Online Publishing Service License and License for Surveying and
Mapping.

If we, our consolidated subsidiaries or the VIEs in China (i) do not maintain such permissions or approvals, (ii) inadvertently
conclude that such permissions or approvals are not required, or (iii) applicable laws, regulations, or interpretations change, and we
or the VIEs are required to obtain such permissions or approvals in the future, we may be unable to obtain such necessary approvals,
permits, registrations or filings in a timely manner, or at all, and such approvals, permits, registrations or filings may be rescinded
even if obtained. Any such circumstance may subject us to fines and other regulatory, civil or criminal liabilities, and we may be
ordered by the competent PRC authorities to suspend relevant operations, which could materially and adversely affect our business,
financial condition, results of operations and prospects. Please see “Risk Factors — Risks Related to Our Business and Industry —
We are subject to a broad range of laws and regulations, and future laws and regulations may impose additional requirements and
other obligations that could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations, as well as the
trading prices of our ADSs, Shares and/or other securities.”

Furthermore, if the PRC government determines that the contractual arrangements constituting part of the VIE structure adopted by
us do not comply with PRC regulations, or if these regulations change or are interpreted differently in the future, our securities may
decline in value or become worthless if the determinations, changes, or interpretations result in our inability to assert contractual
control over the assets of our consolidated subsidiaries and the VIEs in China that conduct a significant portion of our business
operations. In addition, there are substantial uncertainties as to whether the VIE structure adopted by us may be deemed as a
method of foreign investment in the future. If the VIE structure adopted by us were to be deemed as a method of foreign investment
under any future laws, regulations and rules, and if any of our business operations were to fall under the “Negative List” for foreign
investment, we would need to take further actions in order to comply with these laws, regulations and rules, which may materially
and adversely affect our current corporate structure, business, financial condition and results of operations. See “Risk Factors —
Risks Related to Our Corporate Structure — Substantial uncertainties exist with respect to the interpretation and implementation of
the PRC Foreign Investment Law and its implementing rules and other regulations and how they may impact the viability of our
current corporate structure, business, financial condition and results of operations.”




                                                                                                        Fiscal Year 2025 Annual Report     43
     Business Overview


     Given the uncertainties relating to the interpretation and enforcement of PRC laws, rules and regulations, it is possible that our
     existing operations may be found not to be in full compliance with relevant laws and regulations in the future. In addition, the PRC
     legal system is based in part on government policies and internal rules, some of which are not published on a timely basis or at all, and
     which may have a retroactive effect. As a result, we may not be aware of our violation of these policies and rules until after the
     occurrence of the violation. For more detailed information, see “Risk Factors — Risks Related to Doing Business in the People’s
     Republic of China — There are uncertainties regarding the interpretation and enforcement of PRC laws, rules and regulations, and
     changes in policies, laws, rules and regulations in the PRC could adversely affect us.”


     Permissions and Approvals Required to be Obtained from PRC
     Authorities for our Securities Offerings
     The PRC government has enhanced its regulatory oversight of Chinese companies listing overseas. In connection with our prior
     securities offerings and overseas listings, under PRC laws and regulations in effect as of the date of this annual report, after
     consulting our PRC legal counsel, Fangda Partners, we are not aware of any PRC laws or regulations which explicitly require us to
     obtain any permission from the CSRC or other Chinese authorities, and we, our consolidated subsidiaries and the VIEs in China (i)
     have not been required to obtain any permission from any PRC authority, (ii) have not been required to go through a cybersecurity
     review by the Cyberspace Administration of China, and (iii) have not received or were denied such requisite permissions by any
     PRC authority. There are uncertainties with respect to how PRC authorities will regulate overseas securities offerings and overseas
     listings in general, as well as the interpretation and implementation of any related regulations. Although we intend to fully comply
     with the then effective relevant laws and regulations applicable to any securities offerings we may conduct, there are uncertainties
     with respect to whether we will be able to fully comply with requirements to obtain any permissions and approvals from, or
     complete any reporting or filing procedures with, PRC authorities that may be in effect in the future. If we, our consolidated
     subsidiaries or the VIEs in China (i) do not maintain such permissions or approvals, (ii) inadvertently conclude that such
     permissions, approvals or filing or reporting are not required, or (iii) applicable laws, regulations, or interpretations change, and we
     or the VIEs are required to obtain such permissions, approvals or filing or reporting in the future, we may be unable to obtain such
     necessary approvals, permits, registrations or filings in a timely manner, or at all, and such approvals, permits, registrations or filings
     may be rescinded even if obtained. Any such circumstance could subject us to penalties, including fines, suspension of business and
     revocation of required licenses, significantly limit or completely hinder our and our subsidiaries' ability to offer securities to
     investors and cause our securities to decline in value or become worthless. For more detailed information, see “Risk Factors —
     Risks Related to Doing Business in the People’s Republic of China — There are uncertainties regarding the interpretation and
     enforcement of PRC laws, rules and regulations, and changes in policies, laws, rules and regulations in the PRC could adversely
     affect us” and “— Risks Related to Our Business and Industry — We may need additional capital but may not be able to obtain it on
     favorable terms or at all.”




44   Alibaba Group Holding Limited
                                                                                                          Business Overview



Legal and Administrative Proceedings
We are involved from time to time, and may in the future be involved in, litigation, claims or other disputes and regulatory
proceedings in the ordinary course of business regarding, among other things, product compliance, claims relating to data and privacy
protection, third-party and principal intellectual property infringement claims, contract disputes involving merchants and consumers
on our platforms, consumer protection claims, employment-related cases and other matters, as well as claims pursuant to anti-
monopoly or anti-unfair competition laws and laws and regulations on cross-border data transfers, claims arising out of investment
transactions or other claims involving high amounts of alleged damages, fines or monetary settlements. We have also been, and may
in the future be, involved in litigation, regulatory investigations or inquiries and administrative proceedings that may or may not
necessarily arise from our ordinary course of business, such as securities class action lawsuits and investigations or inquiries by
securities regulators. We establish balance sheet provisions relating to potential losses from litigation based on estimates of the losses.
For this purpose, we classify potential losses as remote, reasonably possible or probable. We analyze potential outcomes from current
and potential litigation and proceedings as loss contingencies in accordance with U.S. GAAP.

Shareholder Class Action Lawsuits

In November and December 2020, we and certain of our officers and directors were named defendants in two putative securities class
action lawsuit filed in the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York concerning the suspension of Ant
Group’s planned initial public offering, captioned Laura Ciccarello v. Alibaba Group et al., No. 1:20-cv-09568 (S.D.N.Y.) (the
“Ciccarello Action”) and Robert Romnek v. Alibaba Group et al., No. 1:20-cv-10267 (S.D.N.Y.) (the “Romnek Action”). Both
lawsuits assert claims under Section 10(b) and Section 20(a) of the U.S. Exchange Act.

In January 2021, we and certain of our officers and directors were named defendants in a putative securities class action lawsuit filed
in the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York concerning certain antitrust developments, captioned Elissa
Hess v. Alibaba Group et al., No. 1:21-cv-00136 (S.D.N.Y.) (the “Hess Action”). The complaint in the Hess Action, which also
includes certain allegations about the suspension of Ant Group’s planned initial public offering, asserts claims under Section 10(b) and
Section 20(a) of the U.S. Exchange Act.

On January 12, 2021, four plaintiff groups filed motions to consolidate and motions for appointment as the lead plaintiff under the
Private Securities Litigation Reform Act, or the PSLRA, seeking consolidation of the Ciccarello, Romnek, and Hess Actions and
appointment of the lead plaintiff and lead counsel under the PSLRA. The court consolidated the three actions on April 20, 2021, and
appointed the lead plaintiff on February 10, 2022. On April 22, 2022, the lead plaintiff filed an amended complaint, naming a founder
as an additional defendant, and asserting new and existing claims concerning the SAMR’s antitrust investigation and fine and the
suspension of Ant Group’s planned initial public offering. On July 21, 2022, defendants filed motions to dismiss the amended
complaint. On March 22, 2023, the court granted in part defendants’ motions, among other things, dismissing the founder and all
allegations relating to the suspension of Ant Group’s planned initial public offering. The portion of the case related to the SAMR’s
antitrust investigation and fine proceeded to discovery, which was scheduled to conclude in January 2025.

On October 6, 2023, plaintiffs filed a motion for class certification. On January 19, 2024, defendants filed an opposition to plaintiffs’
motion. On April 19, 2024, plaintiffs filed a reply in support of their motion. Defendants filed a sur-reply on May 17, 2024. Oral
argument on the motion was scheduled for June 20, 2024.

On October 25, 2024, we announced that defendants had entered into a settlement agreement to resolve the consolidated class action
lawsuit. Under the terms of the settlement agreement, we agreed to pay US$433.5 million to settle the lawsuit in exchange for a full
release of all claims brought in the lawsuit. The settlement agreement expressly provides that the settlement does not constitute an
admission or finding that the claims asserted in the lawsuit had any merit. The settlement was approved by the court on March 28,
2025 and a final judgment concluding the lawsuit was entered that same date.

JD.com Lawsuit

In 2017, Beijing Jingdong Shiji Trading Co., Ltd. and Beijing Jingdong 360 E-commerce Co., Ltd. sued Zhejiang Tmall Technology
Co., Ltd., Zhejiang Tmall Network Co., Ltd. and Alibaba Group Holding Limited for abuse of dominant market position (Case No.
(2017) Jing Min Chu Zi No.152). The plaintiffs requested the three defendants to cease relevant acts and claimed a substantial amount
of damages in the original complaint. In March 2021, the plaintiffs amended their claim to seek higher damages. In December 2023,
the Beijing High People’s Court issued a judgment in favor of the plaintiffs, and we have appealed the court judgment. As of the date
of this annual report, the case is in second-instance stage. We have accrued for the potential damages in connection with this lawsuit.




                                                                                                         Fiscal Year 2025 Annual Report       45
     Business Overview


     European Commission Investigation of AliExpress’ Compliance with the Digital Services Act

     In March 2024, the European Commission, or the EU Commission, opened formal proceeding against AliExpress to assess whether
     AliExpress breached the Digital Services Act, or the DSA. In that context, the EU Commission issues several requests for information,
     or RFIs, to AliExpress. On June 18, 2025, the EU Commission accepted and made binding a series of commitments by AliExpress,
     which resolves all but one of the EU Commission’s areas of concerns regarding the platform’s key aspects of business operations.
     With regard to the last remaining area of concerns, the EU Commission issued preliminary findings in which it considers on a
     preliminary basis that AliExpress is in breach of its obligation to assess and mitigate risks related to the dissemination of illegal
     content on its platform, such as counterfeit goods or goods that do not comply with European safety rules.

     The preliminary findings by the EU Commission are without prejudice to the final outcome of the investigation, as AliExpress now
     has the opportunity to reply in writing to the EU Commission’s preliminary findings, while continuing to submit further proposed
     commitments to address the EU Commission’s concerns. If the EU Commission ultimately makes a final determination that there has
     been a violation, it may impose an appropriate and proportionate fine based on a number of considerations, including the nature,
     gravity, duration and recurrence of the infringement, plus a potential periodic penalty payment if the entity has failed to ensure
     effective compliance with the DSA following such decision. The ultimate timeline and final outcome of the investigation is currently
     uncertain and subject to further communications with the EU Commission and their final decision based on such further
     communications and their deliberations.




46   Alibaba Group Holding Limited
                                                                                                         Business Overview



General Information of the Company
Alibaba Group Holding Limited is an exempted company incorporated with limited liability under the laws of the Cayman Islands on
June 28, 1999, and we conduct our business through our subsidiaries and variable interest entities. We are listed on the NYSE under
the symbol “BABA” and on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange under the stock codes “9988 (HKD Counter)” and “89988 (RMB
Counter).”

Our significant subsidiaries, as that term is defined under Section 1-02 of Regulation S-X under the U.S. Securities Act, include the
following entities:

         •   Taobao Holding Limited, an exempted company incorporated with limited liability under the laws of the Cayman Islands
             and our wholly-owned subsidiary, which is a holding company of certain major subsidiaries of Taobao and Tmall Group
             and Local Services Group.

         •   Taobao China Holding Limited 淘寶中國控股有限公司, a limited liability company incorporated under the laws of
             Hong Kong, which is a direct wholly-owned subsidiary of Taobao Holding Limited and a holding company of certain
             major subsidiaries of Taobao and Tmall Group and Local Services Group.

         •   Alibaba.com Limited 阿里巴巴網絡有限公司, an exempted company incorporated with limited liability under the laws
             of the Cayman Islands and our wholly-owned subsidiary, which is a holding company of certain major subsidiaries
             relating to AIDC Group and Cloud Intelligence Group.

         •   Alibaba.com Investment Holding Limited, a company incorporated with limited liability under the laws of the British
             Virgin Islands and a direct wholly-owned subsidiary of Alibaba.com Limited, which is the parent company of the
             holding company of AIDC Group and a holding company of certain subsidiaries relating to Cloud Intelligence Group.

         •   Alibaba Investment Limited, a company incorporated with limited liability under the laws of the British Virgin Islands
             and our wholly-owned subsidiary, which is a holding company for strategic investments and certain subsidiaries of
             Hujing Digital Media and Entertainment Group.

         •   Alibaba Group Services Limited, a limited liability company incorporated under the laws of Hong Kong and our wholly-
             owned subsidiary, which operates as our treasury center in Hong Kong.

         •   Taobao (China) Software Co., Ltd. 淘寶（中國）軟件有限公司, a limited liability company incorporated under the
             laws of the PRC and a direct wholly-owned subsidiary of Taobao China Holding Limited, which provides software and
             technology services for Taobao.

         •   Zhejiang Tmall Technology Co., Ltd. 浙江天貓技術有限公司, a limited liability company incorporated under the laws
             of the PRC and a direct wholly-owned subsidiary of Taobao China Holding Limited, which provides software and
             technology services for Tmall.

Alibaba Group Holding Limited is a Cayman Islands holding company. The principal executive offices of major businesses within
Alibaba Group are located at 960-1 West Wen Yi Road, Yu Hang District, Hangzhou 311121, People’s Republic of China. Our telephone
number at this address is +86-571-8502-2088. Our registered office in the Cayman Islands is located at the offices of Trident Trust
Company (Cayman) Limited, Fourth Floor, One Capital Place, P.O. Box 847, George Town, Grand Cayman, Cayman Islands. Our agent
for service of process in the United States is Corporation Service Company located at 19 West 44th Street, Suite 200, New York, NY
10036. Our corporate website is www.alibabagroup.com.

We have a demonstrated track record of successful organic business creation. In addition to organic growth, we have made, or have
entered into agreements to make strategic investments, acquisitions, dispositions and alliances that are intended to further our strategic
objectives. See “Management Discussion and Analysis — Operating Results — Factors Affecting Our Results of Operations —
Recent Investments, Acquisitions, Dispositions and Strategic Alliance Activities” for more information.

We are subject to the periodic reporting and other disclosure requirements under the U.S. Exchange Act that are applicable to foreign
private issuers in the United States. Under the U.S. Exchange Act, we are required to file periodic reports, financial statements and
other information with the SEC. We are required to, among other things, file our annual report on Form 20-F within four months after
the end of each fiscal year. However, we are exempt from certain disclosure requirements under the U.S. Exchange Act that apply to
domestic U.S. companies, and we are not required to file periodic reports and financial statements with the SEC as frequently or as




                                                                                                        Fiscal Year 2025 Annual Report       47
     Business Overview


     promptly as domestic U.S. companies with securities registered under the U.S. Exchange Act. See “Risk Factors — Risks Related to
     Our ADSs and Shares — As a foreign private issuer in the United States, we are exempt from certain disclosure requirements under
     the U.S. Exchange Act, which may afford less protection to holders of our ADSs than they would enjoy if we were a domestic U.S.
     company.” Copies of our periodic reports, financial statements and other information, once filed with the SEC, can be read and copied
     at the SEC’s Public Reference Room at 100 F Street, N.E., Washington, D.C. 20549 and at the SEC’s regional offices in New York,
     New York and Chicago, Illinois. You can also request copies of these documents, upon payment of a duplicating fee, by writing
     information on the operation of the SEC’s Public Reference Room. The SEC also maintains an Internet website at http://www.sec.gov
     that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC.
     Our annual report and some of the other information submitted by us to the SEC may be accessed through this website. Such
     information can also be found on our investor relations website at https://www.alibabagroup.com/en-US/investor-relations.

     As an issuer listed on the Main Board of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, we are subject to the periodic reporting and other disclosure
      requirements under the Hong Kong Listing Rules. Such disclosure includes our annual report, which should be published within four
     months after the end of each fiscal year. Our periodic reports, results announcement, financial statements and other information
     required under the Hong Kong Listing Rules are published and made available on our investor relations website at https://www.alibab
     agroup.com/en-US/investor-relations and the website of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange at https://www.hkexnews.hk.


     Weighted Voting Rights
     We have one class of Shares, and each holder of our Shares is entitled to one vote per Share. Pursuant to our Articles of Association, for
     so long as the Partnership Condition (as defined in our Articles of Association) is satisfied, the Alibaba Partnership has the exclusive
     right to nominate or, in limited situations, appoint, up to a simple majority of the members of our board of directors. These rights are
     categorized as a weighted voting rights structure, or WVR structure, under the Hong Kong Listing Rules. As a result, we are deemed as
     a company with a WVR structure.

     Alibaba Partnership will remain in place for the life of the partnership unless our Articles of Association are amended to provide
     otherwise by a vote of shareholders representing at least 95% of shares that vote at a shareholders meeting. The nomination rights of the
     Alibaba Partnership will remain in place notwithstanding a change of control or merger of our Company. For the names and information
     of our current partners and further details of the Alibaba Partnership, please see “Directors, Senior Management and Employees –
     Directors and Senior Management – Alibaba Partnership” in this annual report.

     Shareholders and prospective investors are advised to be aware of the potential risks of investing in companies with a WVR structure,
     in particular, the Alibaba Partnership limits the ability of our shareholders to nominate and elect directors, and the interests of the
     Alibaba Partnership may conflict with the interests of our shareholders. For further information about the risks associated with our
     WVR structure, please see “Risk Factors — Risks Related to Our Corporate Structure” in this annual report. Prospective investors
     should make the decision to invest in us only after due and careful consideration.




48   Alibaba Group Holding Limited
                                                                                                       Business Overview



Organizational Structure
Like many large scale, multinational companies with businesses around the world and across industries, we conduct our business
through a large number of Chinese and foreign operating entities, including VIEs. The chart below summarizes our corporate structure
as of March 31, 2025 and identifies the subsidiaries and VIEs that together are representative of the major businesses operated by our
group, including our significant subsidiaries, as that term is defined under Section 1-02 of Regulation S-X under the U.S. Securities
Act, and other representative subsidiaries, which we collectively refer to as our major subsidiaries, as well the corresponding
representative VIEs, which we refer to as the representative VIEs:




(1)   Primarily involved in the operation of Taobao
(2)   Primarily involved in the operation of Tmall
(3)   Primarily involved in the operation of Cloud Intelligence Group
(4)   The holding company of AIDC Group
(5)   Primarily involved in the operation of Cainiao Smart Logistics Network Limited
(6)   Primarily involved in the operation of Local Services Group
(7)   Primarily involved in the operation of Hujing Digital Media and Entertainment Group
(8)   A VIE
(9)   Formerly known as Alibaba Culture Entertainment Co., Ltd.

For information about the major VIEs, which account for a significant majority of the total revenue and assets of the VIEs, please see
“Management Discussion and Analysis — Variable Interest Entity Financial Information.”




                                                                                                      Fiscal Year 2025 Annual Report     49
     Business Overview


     Contractual Arrangements among Our Subsidiaries, the Variable Interest Entities and Variable Interest
     Entity Equity Holders

     Due to legal restrictions on foreign ownership and investment in, among other areas, value added telecommunications services, which
     include the operations of ICPs, we, similar to all other entities with foreign incorporated holding company structures operating in our
     industry in China, operate our Internet businesses and other businesses in which foreign investment is restricted or prohibited in the
     PRC through various contractual arrangements with VIEs that are incorporated in the PRC and owned by PRC citizens or by PRC
     entities owned and/or controlled by PRC citizens. The relevant VIEs hold the ICP licenses and other regulated licenses and operate
     our Internet businesses and other businesses in which foreign investment is restricted or prohibited. Specifically, for fiscal year 2025,
     our representative VIEs are Zhejiang Taobao Network Co., Ltd., Zhejiang Tmall Network Co., Ltd., Shanghai Rajax Information
     Technology Co., Ltd., Alibaba Cloud Computing Ltd. and Hujing Culture Entertainment (Beijing) Co., Ltd. (formerly known as
     Alibaba Culture Entertainment Co., Ltd.). See “— Organizational Structure” above.

     While the VIEs hold licenses and approvals and assets for regulated activities that are necessary for our business operations, as well as
     certain equity investments in businesses, to which foreign investments are typically restricted or prohibited under applicable PRC law,
     our subsidiaries hold the significant majority of our assets and operations and capture the significant majority of our revenue.
     Therefore, we directly capture the significant majority of the profits and associated cash flow from operations without having to rely
     on contractual arrangements to transfer cash flow from the VIEs to our subsidiaries.

     The currently effective contractual arrangements, as described in more detail below, by and among us, our relevant subsidiaries, the
     VIEs, and their shareholders include loan agreements, exclusive call option agreements, proxy agreements, equity pledge agreements
     and exclusive services agreements. As a result of the contractual arrangements with the VIEs and their shareholders, we include the
     financial results of each of the VIEs in our consolidated financial statements in accordance with U.S. GAAP. The VIE structure
     involves risks and is subject to uncertainties under PRC laws and regulations. See “Risk Factors – Risks Related to Our Corporate
     Structure.”

     VIE Structure

              Overview

     The following diagram is a simplified illustration of the typical ownership structure and contractual arrangements for VIEs:




50   Alibaba Group Holding Limited
                                                                                                        Business Overview


For most of the VIEs, our group uses a different structure, or the Enhanced VIE Structure. The Enhanced VIE Structure maintains the
primary legal framework that we and many peer companies in our industry have adopted to operate businesses in which foreign
investment is restricted or prohibited in the PRC. We may also create additional holding structures in the future.

Compared with the prior VIE structure adopted by many peer companies in our industry, which uses natural persons to serve as direct
or indirect equity holders of the VIE, we have designed the Enhanced VIE Structure to:

         •   reduce the key man and succession risks associated with natural person VIE equity holders, through a new structure that
             has widely dispersed interests among natural person interest holders; and

         •   create a VIE ownership structure that is more stable and self-sustaining, by distancing the natural person interest holders
             with the VIE with multiple layers of legal entities, including a partnership structure and multiple layers of contractual
             arrangements.

         VIE equity holders under the Enhanced VIE Structure

Under the Enhanced VIE Structure, a VIE is typically held by a PRC limited liability company, instead of individuals. This PRC
limited liability company is directly or indirectly owned by two PRC limited partnerships, each of which holds 50% of the equity
interest. Each of these partnerships is comprised of (i) a PRC limited liability company, as general partner (which is formed by a
number of selected members of the Alibaba Partnership and our management who are PRC citizens), and (ii) the same group of
natural persons, as limited partners. Under the terms of the relevant partnership agreements, the natural person limited partners must
be members of the Alibaba Partnership or our management who are PRC citizens and as designated by the general partner of the
partnership.

For our representative VIEs, these individuals are Jessie Junfang Zheng, Xiaofeng Shao, Zeming Wu and Fang Jiang (with respect to
each of Zhejiang Taobao Network Co., Ltd., Zhejiang Tmall Network Co., Ltd., Shanghai Rajax Information Technology Co., Ltd.
and Alibaba Cloud Computing Ltd.), and Jeff Jianfeng Zhang, Winnie Jia Wen, Jie Song and Yongxin Fang (with respect to Hujing
Culture Entertainment (Beijing) Co., Ltd. (formerly known as Alibaba Culture Entertainment Co., Ltd.)).




                                                                                                       Fiscal Year 2025 Annual Report      51
     Business Overview


     The following diagram is a simplified illustration of the typical ownership structure and contractual arrangements of the VIEs under
     the Enhanced VIE Structure.




     (1)   Selected members of the Alibaba Partnership or our management who are PRC citizens.

     Under the Enhanced VIE Structure, the designated subsidiary, on the one hand, and the corresponding VIE and the multiple layers of
     legal entities above the VIE, as well as the natural persons described above, on the other hand, enter into contractual arrangements,
     which are substantially similar to the contractual arrangements we have historically used for VIEs. See “— Loan Agreements,” “—
     Exclusive Call Option Agreements,” “— Proxy Agreements,” “— Equity Pledge Agreements” and “— Exclusive Services
     Agreements” below.

     There are risks associated with the VIE structure in general and the Enhanced VIE Structure. See “Risk Factors — Risks Related to
     Our Corporate Structure.”




52   Alibaba Group Holding Limited
                                                                                                           Business Overview


The following is a summary of our typical contractual arrangements.

         Loan Agreements

Pursuant to the relevant loan agreement, our respective subsidiary has granted a loan to the relevant VIE equity holders, which may
only be used for the purpose of its business operation activities agreed by our subsidiary or the acquisition of the relevant VIE. Our
subsidiary may require acceleration of repayment at its absolute discretion. When the VIE equity holders make early repayment of the
outstanding amount, our subsidiary or a third party designated by it may purchase the equity interests in the VIE at a price equal to the
outstanding amount of the loan, subject to any applicable PRC laws, rules and regulations. The VIE equity holders undertake not to
enter into any prohibited transactions in relation to the VIE, including the transfer of any business, material assets or equity interests in
the VIE to any third party. The parties to the loan agreement for each of the representative VIEs are the relevant VIE equity holders,
on the one hand, and Taobao (China) Software Co., Ltd., Zhejiang Tmall Technology Co., Ltd., Rajax Network Technology
(Shanghai) Co., Ltd., Hangzhou AliCloud Apsara Information Technology Co., Ltd. and Beijing Youku Technology Co., Ltd., our
corresponding subsidiaries, on the other hand.

         Exclusive Call Option Agreements

Under the Enhanced VIE Structure, each relevant VIE and its equity holders have jointly granted our relevant subsidiary (A) an
exclusive call option to request the relevant VIE to decrease its registered capital at an exercise price equal to the higher of (i) the
paid-in registered capital in the relevant VIE and (ii) the minimum price as permitted by applicable PRC law, or the capital decrease
price, and (B) an exclusive call option to subscribe for any increased capital of relevant VIE at a price equal to the capital decrease
price, or the sum of the capital decrease price and the unpaid registered capital, if applicable, as of the capital decrease. Our subsidiary
may nominate another entity or individual to purchase the equity interest or assets, or to subscribe for the relevant increased capital, if
applicable, under the call options. Execution of each call option shall not violate the applicable PRC laws, rules and regulations. Each
VIE equity holders has agreed that the following amounts, to the extent in excess of the original registered capital that they contributed
to the VIE (after deduction of relevant tax expenses), belong to and shall be paid to our relevant subsidiaries: (i) proceeds from the
transfer of its equity interests in the VIE, (ii) proceeds received in connection with a capital decrease in the VIE, and (iii) distributions
or liquidation residuals from the disposal of its equity interests in the VIE upon termination or liquidation. Moreover, any profits,
distributions or dividends (after deduction of relevant tax expenses) received by the VIE equity holder also belong to and shall be paid
to our subsidiary. The exclusive call option agreements remain in effect until the equity interest or assets that are the subject of these
agreements are transferred to our subsidiary. The parties to the exclusive call option agreement for each of the representative VIEs are
the relevant VIE equity holder, the relevant VIE and our corresponding subsidiary.

         Proxy Agreements

Pursuant to the relevant proxy agreement, each of the VIE equity holders irrevocably authorizes any person designated by our
subsidiary to exercise the rights of the equity holder of the VIE, including without limitation the right to vote and appoint directors.
The parties to the proxy agreement for each of the representative VIEs are the relevant VIE equity holder, the relevant VIE and our
corresponding subsidiary.

         Equity Pledge Agreements

Pursuant to the relevant equity pledge agreement, the relevant VIE equity holders have pledged all of their interests in the equity of the
VIE as a continuing first priority security interest in favor of the corresponding subsidiary to secure the outstanding amounts advanced
under the relevant loan agreements described above and to secure the performance of obligations by the VIE and/or its equity holders
under the other structure contracts. Each subsidiary is entitled to exercise its right to dispose of the VIE equity holders’ pledged
interests in the equity of the VIE and has priority in receiving payment by the application of proceeds from the auction or sale of the
pledged interests, in the event of any breach or default under the loan agreement or other structure contracts, if applicable. These
equity pledge agreements remain in force until the later of (i) the full performance of the contractual arrangements by the relevant
parties, and (ii) the full repayment of the loans made to the relevant VIE equity holders. The parties to the equity pledge agreement for
each of the representative VIEs are the relevant VIE equity holder, the relevant VIE and our corresponding subsidiary.




                                                                                                          Fiscal Year 2025 Annual Report        53
     Business Overview


              Exclusive Services Agreements

     Under the Enhanced VIE Structure, each relevant VIE has entered into an exclusive service agreement with the respective subsidiary,
     pursuant to which our relevant subsidiary provides exclusive services to the VIE. In exchange, the VIE pays a service fee to our
     subsidiary, the amount of which shall be determined, to the extent permitted by applicable PRC laws as proposed by our subsidiary,
     resulting in a transfer of substantially all of the profits from the VIE to our subsidiary.

     The exclusive call option agreements described above also entitle our subsidiary to all profits, distributions or dividends (after
     deduction of relevant tax expenses) to be received by the VIE equity holder, and the following amounts, to the extent in excess of the
     original registered capital that they contributed to the VIE (after deduction of relevant tax expenses) to be received by each VIE equity
     holder: (i) proceeds from the transfer of its equity interests in the VIE, (ii) proceeds received in connection with a capital decrease in
     the VIE, and (iii) distributions or liquidation residuals from the disposal of its equity interests in the VIE upon termination or
     liquidation.

     In the opinion of Fangda Partners, our PRC legal counsel:

              •   the ownership structures of the representative VIEs in China and our corresponding subsidiaries do not and will not
                  violate any applicable PRC law, regulation, or rule currently in effect; and

              •   the contractual arrangements between the representative VIEs, the VIE holders and our corresponding subsidiaries
                  governed by PRC laws are valid, binding and enforceable in accordance with their terms and applicable PRC laws, rules,
                  and regulations currently in effect, and will not violate any applicable PRC law, regulation, or rule currently in effect.

     However, we have been further advised by our PRC legal counsel, Fangda Partners, that there are substantial uncertainties regarding
     the interpretation and application of current and future PRC laws, rules and regulations. Accordingly, the possibility that the PRC
     regulatory authorities and PRC courts may in the future take a view that is contrary to the opinion of our PRC legal counsel cannot be
     ruled out. We have been further advised by our PRC legal counsel that if the PRC government finds that the agreements that establish
     the structure for operating our business do not comply with PRC government restrictions on foreign investment in the aforesaid
     business we engage in, we could be subject to severe penalties including being prohibited from continuing operations. See “Risk
     Factors — Risks Related to Our Corporate Structure.”




54   Alibaba Group Holding Limited
                                                                          Financial Summary


                                                                    Year ended March 31,
                                                    2021        2022        2023       2024         2025
                                                    RMB         RMB         RMB       RMB           RMB
                                                                        (in millions)
Revenue                                             717,289     853,062     868,687    941,168      996,347
Income from operations                               89,678      69,638     100,351    113,350      140,905
Net income attributable to ordinary shareholders    150,308      61,959      72,509      79,741     129,470
Net income                                          143,284      47,079      65,573      71,332     125,976



                                                                        As of March 31,
                                                    2021        2022          2023      2024        2025
                                                    RMB         RMB          RMB        RMB         RMB
                                                                         (in millions)
Current assets                                       643,360     638,535      697,966   752,864     674,049
Total assets                                       1,690,218   1,695,553 1,753,044 1,764,829      1,804,227
Current liabilities                                  377,358     383,784      385,351   421,507     435,346
Total liabilities                                    606,584     613,360      630,123   652,230     714,121
Shareholders' equity                                 937,470     948,479      989,657   986,544   1,009,858
Total equity                                       1,074,961   1,072,538 1,113,063 1,101,871      1,078,393




                                                                                      Fiscal Year 2025 Annual Report   55
     Management Discussion and Analysis

     Operating Results
     The following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our
     audited consolidated financial statements and the related notes included in this annual report and in particular, “Business Overview.”
     This discussion contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. Our actual results and the timing of selected
     events could differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of various factors, including those
     set forth under “Risk Factors” and elsewhere in this annual report. We have prepared our consolidated financial statements in
     accordance with U.S. GAAP. Our fiscal year ends on March 31 and references to fiscal years 2023, 2024 and 2025 are to the fiscal
     years ended March 31, 2023, 2024 and 2025, respectively.

     Overview

     Our total revenue increased by 8% from RMB868,687 million in fiscal year 2023 to RMB941,168 million in fiscal year 2024, and
     further increased by 6% to RMB996,347 million (US$137,300 million) in fiscal year 2025. Our net income increased by 9% from
     RMB65,573 million in fiscal year 2023 to RMB71,332 million in fiscal year 2024, and further increased by 77% to RMB125,976
     million (US$17,360 million) in fiscal year 2025.

     Our non-GAAP net income, which excludes the effect of non-cash share-based compensation expense, amortization and impairment
     of intangible assets, gain or loss on deemed disposals/disposals/revaluation of investments, impairment of goodwill and investments
     and others, and adjustments for the tax effects, increased by 11% from RMB141,379 million in fiscal year 2023 to RMB157,479
     million in fiscal year 2024. Non-GAAP net income in fiscal year 2025 was RMB158,122 million (US$21,790 million), which
     remained stable compared to fiscal year 2024. For further information on non-GAAP financial measures we use in evaluating our
     operating results and for financial and operational decision-making purposes, see “— Non-GAAP Measures.”

     Our Segments

     We organize and report our business in the following segments:

              •   Taobao and Tmall Group;
              •   Alibaba International Digital Commerce Group;
              •   Cloud Intelligence Group;
              •   Cainiao Smart Logistics Network Limited;
              •   Local Services Group;
              •   Hujing Digital Media and Entertainment Group; and
              •   All others.
     This presentation reflects how we manage our business to maximize efficiency in allocating resources. This presentation also provides
     further transparency to our various businesses that are executing different phases of growth and operating leverage trajectories.

     In general, revenue, cost of revenue and operating expenses are directly attributable, or are allocated, to each segment. We allocate
     costs and expenses that are not directly attributable to individual segments, such as those that support infrastructure across different
     operating segments, to different operating segments mainly on the basis of usage, revenue or headcount, depending on the nature of
     the relevant costs and expenses.

     In discussing the operating results of these segments, we present each segment’s revenue and adjusted earnings before interest, taxes
     and amortization, or adjusted EBITA.




56   Alibaba Group Holding Limited
                                                                        Management Discussion and Analysis


Our reported segments are described below:

         •   Taobao and Tmall Group, which includes Taobao, Tmall, Xianyu, 1688.com and other businesses.
         •   Alibaba International Digital Commerce Group, which includes AliExpress, Trendyol, Lazada, Alibaba.com and other
             businesses.
         •   Cloud Intelligence Group, which includes Alibaba Cloud and other businesses.
         •   Cainiao Smart Logistics Network Limited, which mainly includes our domestic and international one-stop-shop
             logistics services and supply chain management solutions.
         •   Local Services Group, which mainly includes Ele.me and Amap.
         •   Hujing Digital Media and Entertainment Group, which includes Youku and Damai Entertainment.
         •   All others, which includes Freshippo, Alibaba Health, Lingxi Games, Intelligent Information Platform (which mainly
             consists of UCWeb and Quark businesses), Fliggy, DingTalk, Sun Art, Intime and other businesses. In fiscal year 2025,
             the sale of Sun Art was completed and the sale of Intime was substantially completed.


To advance our “user first” strategy and further enhance overall user experience, we have decided to integrate Taobao and Tmall
Group, Ele.me and Fliggy into our China e-commerce business group, transforming various e-commerce platforms into a
comprehensive consumption platform. At the same time, Cainiao, Amap and Hujing Digital Media and Entertainment Group will be
reclassified to All others. Starting from the quarter ending June 30, 2025, our segment reporting will be updated to conform to these
changes as our chief operating decision maker starts to review information under the new reporting structure.




                                                                                                      Fiscal Year 2025 Annual Report    57
     Management Discussion and Analysis



     Our Monetization Model

     Our marketplace, cloud and other businesses are highly synergistic, which create an ecosystem that enables consumers, merchants,
     brands, retailers, enterprises, third-party service providers, strategic alliance partners and other businesses to interconnect and interact
     with each other. We leverage our leading technologies to provide various value propositions to participants in our ecosystem and
     monetize by offering different services and creating value under each of our business segments.

     Our monetization and profit model primarily comprises the following elements:

              Taobao and Tmall Group

              China Commerce Retail Business

     We generate revenue from merchants by leveraging our consumer insights and data technologies which enable brands and merchants
     to attract, engage and retain consumers, complete transactions, improve their branding, enhance operating efficiency and offer various
     services. On the consumer side, leveraging these insights and technologies, as well as our supply chain capabilities, we also generate
     revenue from product sales for our direct sales businesses. The revenue of our China commerce retail business primarily consists of
     customer management revenue and direct sales and others revenue.

                       Customer management

     We derive a majority of our China commerce retail revenue from customer management services. We generate customer management
     revenue from merchants by offering an integrated package and a comprehensive solution comprising a diverse array of services to
     enable them to attract, engage and retain consumers, complete transactions, improve their branding and enhance operating efficiency.
     The customer management revenue are charged primarily on cost-per-click (CPC) basis, cost-per-thousand impressions (CPM) basis,
     time basis and cost-per-sale (CPS) basis (e.g., fees charged based on the GMV transacted, including commission on transactions).

              •    Cost-per-click (CPC), Cost-per-thousand impressions (CPM) and time-based marketing and software services, where
                   merchants primarily bid for keywords or bid to market to groups of consumers with similar profiles that match product
                   or service listings appearing in search results or browser results through our online auction system on a CPC basis or
                   CPM basis. We provide these services directly on our marketplaces or through collaboration with third-party marketing
                   affiliates program.

              •    Cost-per-sale (CPS) marketing and software services, where we charged fees from merchants when transactions are
                   completed on Taobao, Tmall and certain other retail marketplaces of the Company. The fees are generally determined as
                   a percentage based on the value of merchandise sold by the merchants and typically range from 0.1% to 5.0% for Tmall
                   depending on the product category. We also implemented software service fee based on the GMV of completed
                   transactions on our platform since September 2024.

                       Direct sales and others

     Direct sales and others revenue from our China commerce retail businesses is primarily generated by our direct sales businesses as
     well as other revenue from logistic services and other value-added services. Direct sales revenue comprises mainly Tmall Supermarket
     and Tmall Global’s direct sales businesses, and primarily consists of revenue from product sales.

              China Commerce Wholesale Business

     We generate revenue from our China commerce wholesale business primarily through membership fees, value-added services and
     customer management services. Revenue from membership fees are primarily fixed annual fees from the sale of China TrustPass
     memberships for paying members to reach customers, provide quotations and transact. Paying members may also purchase premium
     memberships and additional value-added services, such as premium data analytics and upgraded storefront management tools, the
     prices of which are determined based on the types and duration of the value-added services. Revenue from customer management
     services is primarily derived from P4P marketing and software services.




58   Alibaba Group Holding Limited
                                                                        Management Discussion and Analysis


         Alibaba International Digital Commerce Group

         International Commerce Retail Business

We generate revenue from our International commerce retail businesses primarily through customer management services, logistics
services and direct sales. Our revenue from customer management services is mainly contributed by AliExpress, Trendyol and Lazada.
We generate logistics services revenue primarily from AliExpress, Lazada and Trendyol. We generate direct sales revenue primarily
from Trendyol, Lazada and AliExpress.

         International Commerce Wholesale Business

We generate revenue from our International commerce wholesale businesses primarily through membership fees, value-added services
and customer management services. Revenue from membership fees are primarily fixed annual fees from the sale of memberships for
paying members to reach customers, provide quotations and transact. Revenue from value-added services includes fees for various
services, which prices are determined based on the nature of transaction. Revenue from customer management services is primarily
derived from P4P marketing and software services.

         Cloud Intelligence Group

Our Cloud businesses primarily generate revenue from the provision of public and non-public cloud services to our domestic and
international enterprise customers:

         •   Public cloud services, where we generate revenue from a wide range of cloud services, including traditional and AI-
             related, such as elastic computing, storage, network, database, big data, security, cloud native and Alibaba Cloud model
             studio (“Bailian”). Enterprise customers can pay for these services on a consumption or subscription basis, such as on-
             demand delivery of computing services and storage capacities.

         •   Non-public cloud services, where we generate revenue through packaged cloud services, including hardware, software
             license, software installation service, application development and maintenance service.

         Cainiao Smart Logistics Network Limited

We generate revenue from Cainiao business primarily through express delivery and supply chain services. Cainiao charges merchants
delivery fees on a per-parcel basis for express delivery services, and charges merchants service fees based on the supply chain services
selected, such as storage, processing, delivery and various value-added services. In addition, Cainiao generates revenue by providing
technology and other value-added services.

         Local Services Group

We generate revenue from Ele.me primarily through platform commissions and on-demand delivery services. For transactions on
Ele.me, merchants pay a commission based on a percentage of the transaction value. The commission percentages vary depending on
product category. We also generate revenue through on-demand delivery services, including delivery of meals, food, groceries,
FMCG, flowers and pharmaceutical products, for merchants and customers through Fengniao Logistics, Ele.me’s on-demand delivery
network.

In addition, we generate revenue from Amap by charging a software service fee and technology service fee to enterprise customers.

         Hujing Digital Media and Entertainment Group

Revenue from Hujing Digital Media and Entertainment Group primarily comprises membership subscription fees, customer
management revenue, ticketing services revenue and content investment income. Membership subscription fees are mainly generated
from paying subscribers. Customer management revenue is mainly generated from businesses and advertising agencies and the
monetization model is substantially similar to the customer management revenue for our China commerce retail business. Ticketing
services revenue is mainly generated from ticketing online sales commissions. Content investment income is mainly generated from
box office income of movie investment projects.




                                                                                                      Fiscal Year 2025 Annual Report       59
     Management Discussion and Analysis


             All others

     All others include Freshippo, Alibaba Health, Lingxi Games, Intelligent Information Platform (which mainly consists of UCWeb and
     Quark businesses), Fliggy, DingTalk, Sun Art, Intime and other businesses. In fiscal year 2025, the sale of Sun Art was completed and
     the sale of Intime was substantially completed. The majority of revenue within All others consists of direct sales revenue, which is
     recorded on a gross basis.




60   Alibaba Group Holding Limited
                                                                        Management Discussion and Analysis


Factors Affecting Our Results of Operations

Our Ability to Create Value for Our Users and Generate Revenue. Our ability to create value for our users and generate revenue is
driven by the factors described below:

         •   Number and engagement of consumers. Consumers are attracted to our platforms by the breadth of curated products
             and services, personalized content and the interactive user experience these platforms offer. Our platforms include a
             comprehensive selection of product and service offerings as well as engaging content, such as recommendation feeds on
             our Taobao app and entertainment content on Youku. Consumers enjoy an engaging social experience by interacting
             with each other and with merchants, brands and KOLs on our platforms. We leverage our consumer insights to further
             optimize the relevance of this rich content we provide to our users. The engagement of consumers in our ecosystem is
             affected by our ability to continue to enhance and expand our product and service offerings and improve user experience.

         •   Broader value offered to merchants, brands, retailers and other businesses. Merchants, brands, retailers and other
             businesses use our products and services to help them reach, acquire and retain customers, build brand awareness and
             engagement, complete transactions, and enhance their operating efficiency. We offer merchants and retailers a complete
             suite of services and tools, powered by our consumer insights, to help them effectively engage consumers, efficiently
             manage their operations and provide a seamless online and offline consumer experience. With our proprietary data and
             technologies, we also facilitate the digital transformation of traditional merchants and retailers. In addition, we empower
             businesses of different sizes across various industries through our comprehensive “AI + Cloud” service offerings.

         •   Empowering data and technology. Our ability to engage consumers and empower merchants, brands, retailers and other
             businesses is affected by the breadth and depth of our consumer insights, such as the accuracy of our shopping
             recommendations and of our targeted marketing, and our technology capabilities and infrastructure, such as cloud
             computing, and our continued ability to develop scalable products and services that adapt to the quickly evolving
             industry trends and consumer preferences.

         •   Cloud infrastructure adoption. Our ability to attract and retain cloud infrastructure customers and expand our offerings
             depends on our ability to enhance cloud and AI service capabilities, and demonstrate superior performance compared to
             other providers. We offer reliable large-scale cloud infrastructure, advanced large models, and comprehensive scenario-
             based solutions to meet diverse customer needs.

Operating Leverage of Our Business Model. Our primary business model has significant operating leverage and our ecosystem
enables us to realize structural cost savings. For example, Taobao drives significant traffic to Tmall as Tmall product listings also
appear on Taobao search result pages. Furthermore, the large number of consumers on our marketplaces attracts a large number of
merchants, who become customers for our customer management and storefront services. In addition, the vast consumer base of our
ecosystem presents cross-selling opportunities across our various platforms. For example, we can offer consumer services, such as
Ele.me, and promote our digital media and entertainment services, including Youku, to consumers on our marketplaces. These
network effects allow for lower traffic acquisition costs and provide synergies across our businesses.

Our Investment in User Base, Technology, People, Infrastructure, and Innovative Business Model. We have made, and will
continue to make, significant investments in our platforms and ecosystem to attract consumers, merchants and enterprises, enhance
user experience and expand the capabilities and scope of our platforms. We expect our investments will include expanding our China
and international offerings, implementing our local consumer service businesses, strengthening our logistics and fulfillment
capabilities, enhancing our Cloud business, developing cloud computing and AI infrastructure, investing in content and user
acquisition to further develop our digital media and entertainment business, cultivating innovation initiatives and new technologies as
well as executing our globalization strategy. Our operating leverage and profitability enable us to continue to invest in our people,
particularly engineers, scientists and product management personnel, as well as in our technology capabilities and infrastructure. Our
investment in the above-mentioned new and existing businesses has and will continue to lower our margins but we believe the
investment will deliver overall long-term growth.

Strategic Investments and Acquisitions. We have made, and intend to make, strategic investments and acquisitions. Our investment
and acquisition strategy focuses on strengthening our core businesses and new growth opportunities. We also evaluate and explore
potential divestment opportunities for certain of our non-core businesses from time to time. Our strategic investments and acquisitions
may adversely affect our future financial results, including our margins and our net income, at least in the short term. In addition,
some of our acquisitions and investments may not be successful. We have incurred impairment charges in the past and may incur
impairment charges in the future.




                                                                                                       Fiscal Year 2025 Annual Report      61
     Management Discussion and Analysis


     Recent Investments, Acquisitions, Dispositions and Strategic Alliance Activities

     In addition to organic growth, we have made, or have entered into agreements to make, strategic investments, acquisitions and
     alliances that are intended to further our strategic objectives. The financial results for these strategic transactions that were completed
     are reflected in our operating results beginning with the period of their respective completion. Investments in which we did not obtain
     control are generally accounted for under the equity method if we have significant influence over the investee through investment in
     common stock or in-substance common stock. Otherwise, investments are generally carried at fair value with unrealized gains and
     losses recorded in the consolidated income statements or accounted for using the measurement alternative based on our accounting
     policies over different categories of investments. For the details of our accounting policies for each category of our investments, see
     notes 2(d), 2(t) and 2(u) to our audited consolidated financial statements included in this annual report.

     We have developed focused investment strategies, targeting to invest, acquire or form alliances that will either complement our
     existing businesses or drive innovation initiatives. In some cases, we may take a staged approach to our investment and acquisition
     strategy, by beginning with an initial minority investment followed by business cooperation. When the business results, cooperation
     and the overall relationship established with the management of the investee company show increasing value to our ongoing business
     strategy, we may increase our investment or acquire the investee company completely. On the other hand, we have been optimizing
     our balance sheet through strategic divestments of non-core assets, and focusing on growing our core businesses, improving return on
     capital and enhancing shareholder value.

     We have funded our strategic acquisitions and investments primarily from cash generated from our operations and through debt and
     equity financing. Our debt financing primarily consists of unsecured senior notes and bank borrowings, including an aggregate of
     US$8.0 billion unsecured senior notes issued in November 2014, of which US$7.3 billion was repaid in 2017, 2019, 2021 and 2024,
     an aggregate of US$7.0 billion unsecured senior notes issued in December 2017, of which US$0.7 billion was repaid in June 2023, an
     aggregate of US$5.0 billion unsecured senior notes issued in February 2021, an aggregate of US$5.0 billion convertible unsecured
     senior notes issued in May 2024, an aggregate of US$2.65 billion and RMB17 billion (US$2.3 billion) unsecured senior notes issued
     in November 2024, a five-year term loan facility of US$4.0 billion drawn down in fiscal year 2017, the maturity of which has been
     extended to May 2024 in May 2019 and has been further extended to May 2028 in July 2023, and US$830 million of the loan was
     repaid in January 2025, as well as a US$6.5 billion revolving credit facility which we have not yet drawn. Going forward, we expect
     to fund additional investments through cash generated from our operations and through debt and equity financing when opportunities
     arise in the future. Although we expect our margins to be negatively affected by acquisitions of target companies with lower or
     negative margins, we do not expect our investment activities to have any significant negative impact on our liquidity or operations.
     We believe acquired businesses operating at a loss do not detract from our total value because they bring clear strategic value to us in
     the long run. However, there can be no assurance that our future financial results would not be materially and adversely affected if our
     strategic investments and acquisitions are not successful. See “Risk Factors — Risks Related to Our Business and Industry —
     Sustained investment in our businesses and our focus on long-term performance and maintaining the health of our ecosystem may
     negatively affect our margins and our net income” and “Risk Factors — Risks Related to Our Business and Industry — We face risks
     relating to our acquisitions, investments and alliances.”




62   Alibaba Group Holding Limited
                                                                         Management Discussion and Analysis


         Significant Investment Held

Our significant investment consists of Ant Group. Ant Group provides comprehensive digital payment services and facilitates digital
financial and value-added services for consumers and merchants in China and across the world. As of March 31, 2025, our equity
interest in Ant Group on a fully diluted basis was 33%. During the year ended March 31, 2025, dividend received from Ant Group
amounted to RMB2,630 million (US$362 million).

We did not hold any other significant investments as of March 31, 2025.

         Material Investments, Acquisitions and Dispositions

Our material investments, acquisitions and dispositions in fiscal year 2025 and the period through the date of this annual report are set
forth below.

In December 2024, we entered into a sale and purchase agreement to sell all of the equity interest in Sun Art Retail Group Limited
(“Sun Art”) held by us, representing approximately 73.66% of the total number of the ordinary shares of Sun Art in issue. Pursuant to
the sale and purchase agreement, we were entitled to receive approximately HK$9,698 million (US$1,247 million), which comprised
of cash considerations of approximately HK$6,465 million (US$831 million) and deferred cash considerations of approximately
HK$3,233 million (US$416 million). Interest shall be payable in connection with the deferred cash considerations, consisting of (i)
base interest, accrued at 4.80% per annum, compounded annually, and (ii) the variable interest of maximum HK$873 million, in the
event that the 2027/2028 average adjusted EBITDA of Sun Art is higher than or equal to the adjusted EBITDA high limit of
RMB4,400 million. The sale of Sun Art was completed as of March 31, 2025 and we received approximately HK$6,465 million
(US$831 million) in cash considerations.

In December 2024, we together with another minority shareholder agreed to sell 100% of the equity interest in Intime Retail (Group)
Company Limited (“Intime”) to a consortium of purchasers. We held approximately 99% of the equity interest in Intime. The cash
consideration to us from the sale of Intime is approximately RMB7.4 billion (US$1.0 billion). The sale of Intime was substantially
completed as of March 31, 2025.

As of the date of this annual report, we did not have detailed future plans for material investments, although from time to time, we
may be evaluating potential opportunities for investments, acquisitions and dispositions, including opportunities that may be
significant.

         Intangible Assets and Goodwill

When we make an acquisition, consideration that exceeds the acquisition date amounts of the acquired assets and liabilities is
allocated to intangible assets and goodwill. We have and will continue to incur amortization expenses as we amortize intangible assets
over their estimated useful life on a straight-line basis. We do not amortize goodwill. We test intangible assets and goodwill
periodically or whenever necessary for impairment, and any impairment may materially and adversely affect our financial condition
and results of operations. Some of our acquisitions and investments may not be successful, and we may incur impairment charges in
the future. We recognized an impairment of intangible assets of RMB12,084 million in fiscal year 2024, which was relating to Sun Art
within All others segment, and RMB634 million (US$87 million) in fiscal year 2025, which was mainly relating to our businesses
within All others segment. We recognized an impairment of goodwill of RMB10,521 million and RMB6,171 million (US$850
million) in fiscal years 2024 and 2025 respectively, mainly in relation to Hujing Digital Media and Entertainment Group. For
additional information, see “— Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates — Impairment Assessment on Goodwill and Intangible
Assets” and “Risk Factors — Risks Related to Our Business and Industry — We face risks relating to our acquisitions, investments
and alliances.”




                                                                                                        Fiscal Year 2025 Annual Report      63
     Management Discussion and Analysis


     Components of Results of Operations

                Revenue

     The following table sets forth our revenues by segment, presented before inter-segment elimination, for the periods indicated (1):

                                                                                                           Year ended March 31,
                                                                                   2023                    2024                                 2025
                                                                                   RMB                     RMB            RMB                               US$
                                                                                                                    (in millions)
     Taobao and Tmall Group:
       China commerce retail
         - Customer management                                                         291,541                 304,009                 322,346                   44,420
         - Direct sales and others (2)                                                 103,811                 110,405                 103,180                   14,219
                                                                                       395,352                 414,414                 425,526                   58,639
       China commerce wholesale                                                         17,854                  20,479                  24,301                    3,349
     Total Taobao and Tmall Group                                                      413,206                 434,893                 449,827                   61,988

     Alibaba International Digital Commerce Group:
       International commerce retail                                                    50,933                  81,654                 108,465                   14,947
       International commerce wholesale                                                 19,573                  20,944                  23,835                    3,284
     Total Alibaba International Digital Commerce Group                                 70,506                 102,598                 132,300                   18,231

     Cloud Intelligence Group                                                          103,497                 106,374                 118,028                  16,265
     Cainiao Smart Logistics Network Limited                                            77,512                  99,020                 101,272                  13,956
     Local Services Group                                                               50,249                  59,802                  67,076                   9,243
     Hujing Digital Media and Entertainment Group                                       18,444                  21,145                  22,267                   3,068
     All others (3)                                                                    197,115                 192,331                 206,269                  28,425
     Unallocated                                                                           866                   1,297                   1,924                     265
     Inter-segment elimination                                                         (62,708 )               (76,292 )              (102,616 )               (14,141 )
     Consolidated revenue                                                              868,687                 941,168                 996,347                 137,300

     (1)   During fiscal year 2024, our segment reporting has been updated to reflect our Reorganization and the reclassification of the revenue of our DingTalk business,
           which was previously reported under Cloud Intelligence Group, to All others, the purpose of which was to provide DingTalk with greater autonomy to promote
           innovation and enhance competitiveness. Our CODM started to review information under this new reporting structure and segment reporting has been updated to
           conform to this change as well as the way we manage and monitor segment performance. Comparative figures were reclassified to conform to this presentation.
     (2)   Direct sales and others revenue under Taobao and Tmall Group primarily represents Tmall Supermarket, Tmall Global and other direct sales businesses, where
           revenue and cost of inventory are recorded on a gross basis, as well as other revenue from logistics services and other value-added services.
     (3)   All others include Freshippo, Alibaba Health, Lingxi Games, Intelligent Information Platform (which mainly consists of UCWeb and Quark businesses), Fliggy,
           DingTalk (previously reported under Cloud Intelligence Group segment), Sun Art, Intime and other businesses. The majority of revenue within All others consist
           of direct sales revenue, which is recorded on a gross basis.

     See “— Our Monetization Model” for additional information regarding our revenue.




64   Alibaba Group Holding Limited
                                                                           Management Discussion and Analysis


         Cost of Revenue

The principal components of our cost of revenue include: cost of inventories; logistics costs; expenses associated with the operation of
our mobile platforms and websites, such as depreciation and maintenance expenses for our servers and computers, call centers and
other equipment, as well as bandwidth and co-location fees; salaries, bonuses, benefits and share-based compensation expense relating
to customer service, mobile platform and platform operation personnel as well as payment processing consultants; traffic acquisition
costs paid to third-party marketing affiliates either at a fixed price or on a revenue-sharing basis; content acquisition costs paid to third
parties and production costs of original content for our online media properties; payment processing fees paid to Alipay or other
financial institutions; and other miscellaneous costs.

         Product Development Expenses

Product development expenses primarily include salaries, bonuses, benefits and share-based compensation expense for research and
development personnel and other expenses that are directly attributable to the development of new technologies and products for our
businesses, such as the development of the technology and Internet infrastructure, applications, operating systems, software, databases
and networks.

         Sales and Marketing Expenses

Sales and marketing expenses primarily consist of online and offline advertising expenses, promotion expenses, salaries, bonuses,
benefits and share-based compensation expense for our employees engaged in sales and marketing functions, and sales commissions
paid for membership and user acquisition for our marketplaces and platforms.

         General and Administrative Expenses

General and administrative expenses mainly consist of salaries, bonuses, benefits and share-based compensation expense for our
management and administrative employees, office facilities and other support overhead costs, professional services fees, provision for
doubtful debts on receivables, charitable contributions, as well as non-recurring items.

         Interest and Investment Income, Net

Interest and investment income, net mainly consists of interest income, gain or loss on deemed disposals, disposals and revaluation of
our long-term equity investments and impairment of equity investments.

         Interest Expense

Our interest expense is comprised of interest payments and amortization of upfront fees and incidental charges primarily associated
with our US$8.0 billion unsecured senior notes issued in November 2014, of which US$7.3 billion was repaid in 2017, 2019, 2021
and 2024, an aggregate of US$7.0 billion unsecured senior notes issued in December 2017, of which US$0.7 billion was repaid in
June 2023, an aggregate of US$5.0 billion unsecured senior notes issued in February 2021, an aggregate of US$5.0 billion convertible
unsecured senior notes issued in May 2024, an aggregate of US$2.65 billion U.S. dollar-denominated unsecured senior notes and
RMB17 billion (US$2.3 billion) RMB-denominated unsecured senior notes issued in November 2024, as well as the US$4.0 billion
five-year term loan facility drawn down in fiscal year 2017 and extended in 2023. In addition, we have a US$6.5 billion revolving
credit facility, which we have not yet drawn as of the date of this annual report.

         Other Income, Net

Other income, net, primarily consists of input VAT super-credit, exchange gain or loss and government grants. Exchange gain or loss,
arising from our operations and treasury management activities, recognized in our income statement is largely affected by exchange
rate fluctuation among Renminbi, U.S. dollar and Turkish lira. Government grants primarily relate to grants by central and local
governments in connection with our contributions to technology development and investments in local business districts. These grants
may not be recurring in nature, and we recognize the income when the grants are received and no further conditions need to be met.

         Income Tax Expenses

Our income tax expenses are comprised primarily of current tax expense, mainly attributable to certain profitable subsidiaries in
China, and deferred tax expense, mainly related to tax losses carried forward, temporary differences in relation to investments as well
as property and equipment, and withholding tax on dividends to be distributed by our PRC operating subsidiaries.




                                                                                                          Fiscal Year 2025 Annual Report        65
     Management Discussion and Analysis


     Taxation

              Cayman Islands Tax

     Under Cayman Islands law, our company is not subject to income, corporation or capital gains tax, and no withholding tax is imposed
     upon the payment of dividends.

              Hong Kong Profits Tax

     Our company’s subsidiaries incorporated in Hong Kong were subject to Hong Kong profits tax at a rate of 16.5% in fiscal years 2023,
     2024 and 2025.

              PRC Income Tax

     Under the EIT Law, the standard enterprise income tax rate is 25%.

     Entities qualifying as High and New Technology Enterprises enjoy a preferential tax rate of 15%. Entities recognized as Software
     Enterprises are exempt from the EIT for two years beginning from their first profitable calendar year and are entitled to a 50%
     reduction in EIT for the following three consecutive calendar years. Furthermore, entities recognized as Key Software Enterprises
     (KSE) within the PRC national plan enjoy a preferential EIT rate of 10%. KSE status is subject to review by the relevant authorities
     every year and the timing of annual review and notification by the relevant authorities may vary from year to year. The related
     reduction in tax expense as a result of official notification confirming KSE status is accounted for upon receipt of such notification.

     Certain subsidiaries received the above preferential tax treatments during calendar years 2022, 2023, 2024 and 2025. Five of our
     wholly-owned subsidiaries in China, including Alibaba (China) Technology Co., Ltd., Taobao (China) Software Co., Ltd., Zhejiang
     Tmall Technology Co., Ltd., which are primarily engaged in the operations of wholesale marketplaces, Taobao, and Tmall,
     respectively, and Alibaba (Beijing) Software Services Co., Ltd. and Alibaba (China) Co., Ltd., which are primarily engaged in the
     operations of technology, software research and development and relevant services, were qualified as High and New Technology
     Enterprises and they were subject to an EIT rate of 15%.

              VAT and Other Levies

     Our major PRC subsidiaries are subject to VAT on revenue earned for our services under a national VAT reform program. In general,
     the applicable VAT rate on the revenue earned for services is 6% with companies entitled to crediting VAT paid on certain purchases
     against VAT on sales. Revenue is recognized net of VAT in our consolidated income statement.

              PRC Withholding Tax

     Pursuant to the EIT Law, a 10% withholding tax is generally levied on dividends declared by companies in China to their non-resident
     enterprise investors. A lower withholding tax rate of 5% is applicable for direct foreign investors incorporated in Hong Kong with at
     least 25% equity interest in the PRC company and meeting the relevant conditions or requirements pursuant to the tax arrangement
     between Chinese mainland and Hong Kong SAR. As the equity holders of our PRC operating subsidiaries are qualified Hong Kong
     incorporated companies, our deferred tax liabilities for distributable earnings are calculated at a 5% withholding tax rate. As of March
     31, 2025, we have accrued the withholding tax on substantially all of the earnings distributable by our subsidiaries in China, except for
     those being reserved for permanent reinvestment in China of RMB362.6 billion (US$50.0 billion).




66   Alibaba Group Holding Limited
                                                                                       Management Discussion and Analysis


Share-based Compensation

We provide share-based awards to eligible grantees and believe share-based awards are vital to attract, incentivize and retain our
employees and are the appropriate tool to align the interests of the grantees with those of our shareholders. For further information
about the equity incentive plans of our Company, see “Directors, Senior Management and Employees — Compensation.”

In addition, prior to 2023, Junhan and Ant Group granted share-based awards to our employees, and the awards are settled by Junhan
or Ant Group respectively. See “Major Shareholders and Related Party Transactions — Related Party Transactions — Agreements
and Transactions Related to Ant Group and Its Subsidiaries — Our Commercial Arrangements with Ant Group and Alipay — Share-
based Award Arrangements.”

We recognized share-based compensation expense of RMB30,831 million, RMB18,546 million and RMB15,577 million (US$2,147
million) in fiscal years 2023, 2024 and 2025, respectively, representing 4%, 2% and 2% of our revenue in those respective periods.

The following table sets forth an analysis of share-based compensation expense by function for the periods indicated:

                                                                                                               Year ended March 31,
                                                                                         2023                 2024                           2025
                                                                                         RMB                  RMB                RMB                US$
                                                                                                                   (in millions)
Cost of revenue                                                                              5,710                3,012                  2,162          298
Product development expenses                                                                13,514                7,623                  6,700          923
Sales and marketing expenses                                                                 3,710                2,265                  2,137          295
General and administrative expenses                                                          7,897                5,646                  4,578          631
Total                                                                                       30,831               18,546                 15,577        2,147

The following table sets forth an analysis of share-based compensation expense by type of awards for the periods indicated:

                                                                                                               Year ended March 31,
                                                                                         2023                 2024                           2025
                                                                                         RMB                  RMB                RMB                US$
                                                                                                                   (in millions)
Alibaba Group share-based awards            (1)
                                                                                            24,900               17,974                 11,121        1,533
Ant Group share-based awards(2)                                                                668               (6,691)                     4            1
Others(3)                                                                                    5,263                7,263                  4,452          613
Total share-based compensation expense(4)                                                   30,831               18,546                 15,577        2,147

(1)   This represents Alibaba Group share-based awards granted to our employees.
(2)   This represents Ant Group share-based awards granted to our employees, which is subject to mark-to-market accounting treatment.
(3)   This represents share-based awards of our subsidiaries.
(4)   This includes both cash and non-cash share-based compensation expenses.

Share-based compensation expense decreased in fiscal year 2025 compared to fiscal year 2024. This decrease was primarily due to the
decrease in the number of the awards granted and the increase in long-term cash incentives granted after considering the
macroeconomic environment and the general trends in the talent market.

Share-based compensation expense related to Ant Group share-based awards was a net reversal in fiscal year 2024 because we made a
mark-to-market adjustment during the fiscal year relating to Ant Group share-based awards granted to our employees, reflecting a
decrease in the value of Ant Group.

We expect that our share-based compensation expense will continue to be affected by changes in the fair value of the underlying
awards and the quantity of awards we grant in the future. See “— Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates — Share-based
Compensation Expense and Valuation of the Underlying Awards” below for additional information regarding our share-based
compensation expense.




                                                                                                                           Fiscal Year 2025 Annual Report     67
     Management Discussion and Analysis


     Results of Operations

     The following tables set out our consolidated results of operations for the periods indicated:

                                                                                                     Year ended March 31,
                                                                                 2023               2024                          2025
                                                                                 RMB                RMB                 RMB              US$
                                                                                               (in millions, except per share data)
     Revenue                                                                      868,687           941,168            996,347           137,300
     Cost of revenue                                                             (549,695 )        (586,323 )         (598,285 )         (82,446 )
     Product development expenses                                                 (56,744 )         (52,256 )          (57,151 )          (7,876 )
     Sales and marketing expenses                                                (103,496 )        (115,141 )         (144,021 )         (19,847 )
     General and administrative expenses                                          (42,183 )         (41,985 )          (44,239 )          (6,096 )
     Amortization and impairment of intangible assets                             (13,504 )         (21,592 )           (6,336 )            (873 )
     Impairment of goodwill                                                        (2,714 )         (10,521 )           (6,171 )            (850 )
     Other gains, net                                                                  —                 —                 761               105
     Income from operations                                                       100,351           113,350            140,905            19,417
     Interest and investment income, net                                          (11,071 )          (9,964 )           20,759             2,861
     Interest expense                                                              (5,918 )          (7,947 )           (9,596 )          (1,323 )
     Other income, net                                                              5,823             6,157              3,387               467
     Income before income tax and share of results of equity
       method investees                                                            89,185           101,596            155,455            21,422
     Income tax expenses                                                          (15,549 )         (22,529 )          (35,445 )          (4,884 )
     Share of results of equity method investees                                   (8,063 )          (7,735 )            5,966               822
     Net income                                                                    65,573            71,332            125,976            17,360
     Net loss attributable to noncontrolling interests                              7,210             8,677              4,133               569
     Net income attributable to Alibaba Group Holding Limited                      72,783            80,009            130,109            17,929
     Accretion of mezzanine equity                                                   (274 )            (268 )             (639 )             (88 )
     Net income attributable to ordinary shareholders                              72,509            79,741            129,470            17,841
     Earnings per share attributable to ordinary
       shareholders(1)
       Basic                                                                            3.46             3.95               6.89               0.95
       Diluted                                                                          3.43             3.91               6.70               0.92
     Earnings per ADS attributable to ordinary
       shareholders(1)
       Basic                                                                        27.65              31.61              55.12                7.60
       Diluted                                                                      27.46              31.24              53.59                7.38

     (1)   Each ADS represents eight Shares.




68   Alibaba Group Holding Limited
                                                                 Management Discussion and Analysis



                                                                                    Year ended March 31,
                                                                        2023                2024               2025
                                                                         %                   %                  %
                                                                                  (as percentage of revenue)
Revenue                                                                        100                 100                100
Cost of revenue                                                                (63 )               (62 )              (60 )
Product development expenses                                                    (7 )                (6 )               (6 )
Sales and marketing expenses                                                   (12 )               (12 )              (14 )
General and administrative expenses                                             (5 )                (5 )               (4 )
Amortization and impairment of intangible assets                                (1 )                (2 )               (1 )
Impairment of goodwill                                                          —                   (1 )               (1 )
Other gains, net                                                                —                   —                  —
Income from operations                                                          12                  12                 14
Interest and investment income, net                                             (1 )                (1 )                2
Interest expense                                                                (1 )                (1 )               (1 )
Other income, net                                                               —                   —                   1
Income before income tax and share of results of equity method
  investees                                                                     10                  10                 16
Income tax expenses                                                             (1 )                (2 )               (4 )
Share of results of equity method investees                                     (1 )                (1 )                1
Net income                                                                       8                   7                 13
Net loss attributable to noncontrolling interests                               —                    1                 —
Net income attributable to Alibaba Group Holding Limited                         8                   8                 13
Accretion of mezzanine equity                                                   —                   —                  —
Net income attributable to ordinary shareholders                                 8                   8                 13




                                                                                         Fiscal Year 2025 Annual Report       69
     Management Discussion and Analysis


     Segment Information for Fiscal Years 2023, 2024 and 2025

     The tables below set forth certain financial information of our operating segments, before inter-segment elimination, for the periods
     indicated(1):

                                                                                                             Year ended March 31,
                                                                                 2023                       2024                                  2025
                                                                                 RMB                        RMB                   RMB                        US$
                                                                                                                 (in millions)
     Taobao and Tmall Group:
      China commerce retail
       - Customer management                                                          291,541                    304,009                 322,346                 44,420
       - Direct sales and others (2)                                                  103,811                    110,405                 103,180                 14,219
                                                                                      395,352                    414,414                 425,526                 58,639
      China commerce wholesale                                                         17,854                     20,479                  24,301                  3,349
     Total Taobao and Tmall Group                                                     413,206                    434,893                 449,827                 61,988

     Alibaba International Digital Commerce Group:
      International commerce retail                                                     50,933                     81,654                108,465                 14,947
      International commerce wholesale                                                  19,573                     20,944                 23,835                  3,284
     Total Alibaba International Digital Commerce
      Group                                                                             70,506                   102,598                 132,300                 18,231

     Cloud Intelligence Group                                                         103,497                    106,374                 118,028                16,265
     Cainiao Smart Logistics Network Limited                                           77,512                     99,020                 101,272                13,956
     Local Services Group                                                              50,249                     59,802                  67,076                 9,243
     Hujing Digital Media and Entertainment Group                                      18,444                     21,145                  22,267                 3,068
     All others (3)                                                                   197,115                    192,331                 206,269                28,425
     Unallocated                                                                          866                      1,297                   1,924                   265
     Inter-segment elimination                                                        (62,708 )                  (76,292 )              (102,616 )             (14,141 )
     Consolidated revenue                                                             868,687                    941,168                 996,347               137,300

     (1)   During fiscal year 2024, our segment reporting has been updated to reflect our Reorganization and the reclassification of the revenue of our DingTalk business,
           which was previously reported under Cloud Intelligence Group, to All others, the purpose of which was to provide DingTalk with greater autonomy to promote
           innovation and enhance competitiveness. Our CODM started to review information under this new reporting structure and segment reporting has been updated to
           conform to this change as well as the way we manage and monitor segment performance. Comparative figures were reclassified to conform to this presentation.
     (2)   Direct sales and others revenue under Taobao and Tmall Group primarily represents Tmall Supermarket, Tmall Global and other direct sales businesses, where
           revenue and cost of inventory are recorded on a gross basis, as well as other revenue from logistics services and other value-added services.
     (3)   All others include Freshippo, Alibaba Health, Lingxi Games, Intelligent Information Platform (which mainly consists of UCWeb and Quark businesses), Fliggy,
           DingTalk (previously reported under Cloud Intelligence Group segment), Sun Art, Intime and other businesses. The majority of revenue within All others consist
           of direct sales revenue, which is recorded on a gross basis.




70   Alibaba Group Holding Limited
                                                                                         Management Discussion and Analysis


                                                                                                        Year ended March 31,
                                                                            2023                       2024                                  2025
                                                                            RMB                        RMB                   RMB                         US$
                                                                                                            (in millions)
Taobao and Tmall Group                                                           189,140                    194,827                 196,232                 27,041
Alibaba International Digital Commerce Group                                      (4,944 )                   (8,035 )               (15,137 )               (2,086 )
Cloud Intelligence Group                                                           4,101                      6,121                  10,556                  1,455
Cainiao Smart Logistics Network Limited                                             (391 )                    1,402                     302                     41
Local Services Group                                                             (13,148 )                   (9,812 )                (3,689 )                 (508 )
Hujing Digital Media and Entertainment Group                                      (2,789 )                   (1,539 )                  (554 )                  (76 )
All others (2)                                                                    (9,388 )                   (9,160 )                (8,536 )               (1,176 )
Unallocated (3)                                                                  (12,143 )                   (6,190 )                (4,337 )                 (598 )
Inter-segment elimination                                                         (2,527 )                   (2,586 )                (1,772 )                 (244 )
Consolidated adjusted EBITA                                                      147,911                    165,028                 173,065                 23,849


(1)   During fiscal year 2024, our segment reporting has been updated to reflect our Reorganization and the reclassification of the results of our DingTalk business,
      which was previously reported under Cloud Intelligence Group, to All others, the purpose of which was to provide DingTalk with greater autonomy to promote
      innovation and enhance competitiveness. Our CODM started to review information under this new reporting structure and segment reporting has been updated to
      conform to this change as well as the way we manage and monitor segment performance. Comparative figures were reclassified to conform to this presentation.
(2)   All others include Freshippo, Alibaba Health, Lingxi Games, Intelligent Information Platform (which mainly consists of UCWeb and Quark businesses), Fliggy,
      DingTalk (previously reported under Cloud Intelligence Group segment), Sun Art, Intime and other businesses.
(3)   Unallocated primarily relates to certain costs incurred by corporate functions and other miscellaneous items that are not allocated to individual segments.

Non-GAAP Measures
We use adjusted EBITDA, adjusted EBITA, non-GAAP net income, non-GAAP diluted earnings per share/ADS and free cash flow,
each a non-GAAP financial measure, in evaluating our operating results and for financial and operational decision-making purposes.

We believe that adjusted EBITDA, adjusted EBITA, non-GAAP net income and non-GAAP diluted earnings per share/ADS help
identify underlying trends in our business that could otherwise be distorted by the effect of certain income or expenses that we include
in income from operations, net income and diluted earnings per share/ADS. We believe that these non-GAAP measures provide useful
information about our core operating results, enhance the overall understanding of our past performance and future prospects and
allow for greater visibility with respect to key metrics used by our management in its financial and operational decision-making. We
present three different income measures, namely adjusted EBITDA, adjusted EBITA and non-GAAP net income in order to provide
more information and greater transparency to investors about our operating results.

We consider free cash flow to be a liquidity measure that provides useful information to management and investors about the amount
of cash generated by our business that can be used for strategic corporate transactions, including investing in our new business
initiatives, making strategic investments and acquisitions and strengthening our balance sheet.

Adjusted EBITDA, adjusted EBITA, non-GAAP net income, non-GAAP diluted earnings per share/ADS and free cash flow should
not be considered in isolation or construed as an alternative to income from operations, net income, diluted earnings per share/ADS,
cash flows or any other measure of performance or as an indicator of our operating performance. These non-GAAP financial measures
presented here do not have standardized meanings prescribed by U.S. GAAP and may not be comparable to similarly titled measures
presented by other companies. Other companies may calculate similarly titled measures differently, limiting their usefulness as
comparative measures to our data.

Adjusted EBITDA represents net income before interest and investment income, net, interest expense, other income (expense), net,
income tax expenses, share of results of equity method investees, certain non-cash expenses, consisting of share-based compensation
expense, amortization and impairment of intangible assets, impairment of goodwill, depreciation and impairment of property and
equipment, and operating lease cost relating to land use rights, and others (including provision in relation to matters outside the
ordinary course of business), which we do not believe are reflective of our core operating performance during the periods presented.




                                                                                                                              Fiscal Year 2025 Annual Report            71
     Management Discussion and Analysis


     Adjusted EBITA represents net income before interest and investment income, net, interest expense, other income (expense), net,
     income tax expenses, share of results of equity method investees, certain non-cash expenses, consisting of share-based compensation
     expense, amortization and impairment of intangible assets, impairment of goodwill, and others (including provision in relation to
     matters outside the ordinary course of business), which we do not believe are reflective of our core operating performance during the
     periods presented.

     Non-GAAP net income represents net income before non-cash share-based compensation expense, amortization and impairment of
     intangible assets, gain or loss on deemed disposals/disposals/revaluation of investments, impairment of goodwill and investments, and
     others (including provision in relation to matters outside the ordinary course of business), and adjustments for the tax effects.

     Non-GAAP diluted earnings per share represents non-GAAP net income attributable to ordinary shareholders divided by the
     weighted average number of outstanding ordinary shares for computing non-GAAP diluted earnings per share on a diluted basis. Non-
     GAAP diluted earnings per ADS represents non-GAAP diluted earnings per share after adjusting for the ordinary share-to-ADS
     ratio.

     Free cash flow represents net cash provided by operating activities as presented in our consolidated cash flow statement less
     purchases of property and equipment (excluding acquisition of land use rights and construction in progress relating to office
     campuses) and intangible assets (excluding those acquired through acquisitions), as well as adjustments to exclude from net cash
     provided by operating activities the buyer protection fund deposits from merchants on our marketplaces. We deduct certain items of
     cash flows from investing activities in order to provide greater transparency into cash flow from our revenue-generating business
     operations. We exclude “acquisition of land use rights and construction in progress relating to office campuses” because the office
     campuses are used by us for corporate and administrative purposes and are not directly related to our revenue-generating business
     operations. We also exclude buyer protection fund deposits from merchants on our marketplaces because these deposits are restricted
     for the purpose of compensating buyers for claims against merchants.

     The following table sets forth a reconciliation of our net income to adjusted EBITA and adjusted EBITDA for the periods indicated:

                                                                                              Year ended March 31,
                                                                            2023             2024                       2025
                                                                            RMB              RMB                RMB              US$
                                                                                                  (in millions)
     Net income                                                                65,573           71,332          125,976            17,360
     Adjustments to reconcile net income to adjusted EBITA and
       adjusted EBITDA:
        Interest and investment income, net                                   11,071             9,964          (20,759 )          (2,861 )
        Interest expense                                                       5,918             7,947            9,596             1,323
        Other income, net                                                     (5,823 )          (6,157 )         (3,387 )            (467 )
        Income tax expenses                                                   15,549            22,529           35,445             4,884
        Share of results of equity method investees                            8,063             7,735           (5,966 )            (822 )
     Income from operations                                                  100,351           113,350          140,905            19,417
         Non-cash share-based compensation expense                            30,831            18,546           13,970             1,925
        Amortization and impairment of intangible assets                      13,504            21,592            6,336               873
        Impairment of goodwill, and others                                     3,225            11,540           11,854             1,634
     Adjusted EBITA                                                          147,911           165,028          173,065            23,849
        Depreciation and impairment of property and equipment,
          and operating lease cost relating to land use rights                27,799            26,640           29,260             4,032
     Adjusted EBITDA                                                         175,710           191,668          202,325            27,881




72   Alibaba Group Holding Limited
                                                                                          Management Discussion and Analysis


The following table sets forth a reconciliation of our net income to non-GAAP net income for the periods indicated:

                                                                                                                 Year ended March 31,
                                                                                           2023                 2024                            2025
                                                                                           RMB                  RMB                RMB                     US$
                                                                                                                     (in millions)
Net income                                                                                    65,573               71,332              125,976                17,360
Adjustments to reconcile net income to non-GAAP net
 income:
   Non-cash share-based compensation expense                                                  30,831               18,546               13,970                 1,925
  Amortization and impairment of intangible assets                                            13,504               21,592                6,336                   873
  Loss (Gain) on deemed disposals/disposals/revaluation of
    investments                                                                               13,857               21,659               (8,764 )              (1,208 )
  Impairment of goodwill and investments, and others                                          24,862               33,679               22,435                 3,092
  Tax effects(1)                                                                              (7,248 )             (9,329 )             (1,831 )                (252 )
Non-GAAP net income                                                                          141,379              157,479              158,122                21,790

(1)   Tax effects primarily comprises tax effects relating to non-cash share-based compensation expense, amortization and impairment of intangible assets and certain
      gains and losses from investments, and others.

The following table sets forth a reconciliation of our diluted earnings per share/ADS to non-GAAP diluted earnings per share/ADS for
the periods indicated:

                                                                                                                 Year ended March 31,
                                                                                           2023                 2024                            2025
                                                                                           RMB                  RMB                  RMB                   US$
                                                                                                           (in millions, except per share data)
Net income attributable to ordinary shareholders - basic                                      72,509               79,741              129,470                17,841
Dilution effect on earnings arising from non-cash share-based
 awards operated by equity method investees and
 subsidiaries                                                                                      (38 )              (228 )               (300 )                    (41 )
Adjustments for interest expense attributable to convertible
 unsecured senior notes                                                                           —                    —                   235                    32
Net income attributable to ordinary shareholders - diluted                                    72,471               79,513              129,405                17,832
Non-GAAP adjustments to net income attributable
 to ordinary shareholders(1)                                                                  71,520               78,846               28,535                 3,933
Non-GAAP net income attributable to ordinary shareholders
 for computing non-GAAP diluted earnings per share/ADS                                       143,991              158,359              157,940                21,765
Weighted average number of shares on a diluted basis for
 computing non-GAAP diluted earnings per share/ADS
 (million shares)(2)                                                                          21,114               20,359               19,318
Diluted earnings per share(2) (3)                                                               3.43                 3.91                 6.70                   0.92
Non-GAAP diluted earnings per share(2) (4)                                                      6.82                 7.78                 8.18                   1.13
Diluted earnings per ADS(2) (3)                                                                27.46                31.24                53.59                   7.38
Non-GAAP diluted earnings per ADS(2) (4)                                                       54.56                62.23                65.41                   9.01

(1)   Non-GAAP adjustments excluding the attributions to the noncontrolling interests. See the table above for items regarding the reconciliation of net income to
      non-GAAP net income (before excluding the attributions to the noncontrolling interests).
(2)   Each ADS represents eight ordinary shares.
(3)   Diluted earnings per share is derived from dividing net income attributable to ordinary shareholders by the weighted average number of outstanding ordinary
      shares, on a diluted basis. Diluted earnings per ADS is derived from the diluted earnings per share after adjusting for the ordinary share-to-ADS ratio.
(4)   Non-GAAP diluted earnings per share is derived from dividing non-GAAP net income attributable to ordinary shareholders by the weighted average number of
      outstanding ordinary shares for computing non-GAAP diluted earnings per share, on a diluted basis. Non-GAAP diluted earnings per ADS is derived from the
      non-GAAP diluted earnings per share after adjusting for the ordinary share-to-ADS ratio.




                                                                                                                               Fiscal Year 2025 Annual Report                73
     Management Discussion and Analysis


     The following table sets forth a reconciliation of net cash provided by operating activities to free cash flow for the periods indicated:

                                                                                                                     Year ended March 31,
                                                                                                2023                2024                            2025
                                                                                                RMB                 RMB                RMB                    US$
                                                                                                                         (in millions)
     Net cash provided by operating activities                                                   199,752              182,593             163,509                22,532
       Less: Purchase of property and equipment (excluding land
         use rights and construction in progress relating to office
         campuses)                                                                                (30,373)            (27,579)             (84,278)             (11,614)
       Less: Purchase of intangible assets (excluding those
         acquired through acquisitions)                                                              (22)                (842)                  —                    —
       Less: Changes in the buyer protection fund deposits                                         2,306                2,038               (5,361)                (738)
     Free cash flow                                                                              171,663              156,210               73,870               10,180

     Comparison of Fiscal Years 2024 and 2025

                Revenue

                                                                                                           Year ended March 31,
                                                                                                2024                       2025
                                                                                                                                                           YoY %
                                                                                               RMB                  RMB                  US$               Change
                                                                                                               (in millions, except percentages)
     Taobao and Tmall Group:
       China commerce retail
         - Customer management                                                                   304,009             322,346                44,420                   6%
         - Direct sales and others (2)                                                           110,405             103,180                14,219                  (7 )%
                                                                                                 414,414             425,526                58,639                   3%
       China commerce wholesale                                                                   20,479              24,301                 3,349                  19 %
     Total Taobao and Tmall Group                                                                434,893             449,827                61,988                   3%

     Alibaba International Digital Commerce Group:
       International commerce retail                                                              81,654             108,465                14,947                  33 %
       International commerce wholesale                                                           20,944              23,835                 3,284                  14 %
     Total Alibaba International Digital Commerce Group                                          102,598             132,300                18,231                  29 %

     Cloud Intelligence Group                                                                    106,374             118,028               16,265                   11 %
     Cainiao Smart Logistics Network Limited                                                      99,020             101,272               13,956                    2%
     Local Services Group                                                                         59,802              67,076                9,243                   12 %
     Hujing Digital Media and Entertainment Group                                                 21,145              22,267                3,068                    5%
     All others (3)                                                                              192,331             206,269               28,425                    7%
     Unallocated                                                                                   1,297               1,924                  265
     Inter-segment elimination                                                                   (76,292 )          (102,616 )            (14,141 )
     Consolidated revenue                                                                        941,168             996,347              137,300                    6%

     (1)   During fiscal year 2024, our segment reporting has been updated to reflect our Reorganization and the reclassification of the revenue of our DingTalk business,
           which was previously reported under Cloud Intelligence Group, to All others, the purpose of which was to provide DingTalk with greater autonomy to promote
           innovation and enhance competitiveness. Our CODM started to review information under this new reporting structure and segment reporting has been updated to
           conform to this change as well as the way we manage and monitor segment performance. Comparative figures were reclassified to conform to this presentation.
     (2)   Direct sales and others revenue under Taobao and Tmall Group primarily represents Tmall Supermarket, Tmall Global and other direct sales businesses, where
           revenue and cost of inventory are recorded on a gross basis, as well as other revenue from logistics services and other value-added services.
     (3)   All others include Freshippo, Alibaba Health, Lingxi Games, Intelligent Information Platform (which mainly consists of UCWeb and Quark businesses), Fliggy,
           DingTalk (previously reported under Cloud Intelligence Group segment), Sun Art, Intime and other businesses. The majority of revenue within All others consist
           of direct sales revenue, which is recorded on a gross basis.

     Total revenue increased by 6% from RMB941,168 million in fiscal year 2024 to RMB996,347 million (US$137,300 million) in fiscal
     year 2025.




74   Alibaba Group Holding Limited
                                                                                          Management Discussion and Analysis


             Adjusted EBITA

                                                                                                       Year ended March 31,
                                                                                            2024                           2025
                                                                                                                                                       YoY %
                                                                                           RMB                  RMB                   US$             Change (4)
                                                                                                           (in millions, except percentages)
Taobao and Tmall Group                                                                       194,827             196,232                27,041                   1%
Alibaba International Digital Commerce Group                                                  (8,035 )           (15,137 )              (2,086 )               (88 )%
Cloud Intelligence Group                                                                       6,121              10,556                 1,455                  72 %
Cainiao Smart Logistics Network Limited                                                        1,402                 302                    41                 (78 )%
Local Services Group                                                                          (9,812 )            (3,689 )                (508 )                62 %
Hujing Digital Media and Entertainment Group                                                  (1,539 )              (554 )                 (76 )                64 %
All others (2)                                                                                (9,160 )            (8,536 )              (1,176 )                 7%
Unallocated (3)                                                                               (6,190 )            (4,337 )                (598 )
Inter-segment elimination                                                                     (2,586 )            (1,772 )                (244 )
Consolidated adjusted EBITA                                                                  165,028             173,065                23,849                     5%

(1)    During fiscal year 2024, our segment reporting has been updated to reflect our Reorganization and the reclassification of the results of our DingTalk business,
       which was previously reported under Cloud Intelligence Group, to All others, the purpose of which was to provide DingTalk with greater autonomy to promote
       innovation and enhance competitiveness. Our CODM started to review information under this new reporting structure and segment reporting has been updated to
       conform to this change as well as the way we manage and monitor segment performance. Comparative figures were reclassified to conform to this presentation.
(2)    All others include Freshippo, Alibaba Health, Lingxi Games, Intelligent Information Platform (which mainly consists of UCWeb and Quark businesses), Fliggy,
       DingTalk (previously reported under Cloud Intelligence Group segment), Sun Art, Intime and other businesses.
(3)    Unallocated primarily relates to certain costs incurred by corporate functions and other miscellaneous items that are not allocated to individual segments.
(4)    For a more intuitive presentation, widening of loss in YoY% is shown in terms of negative growth rate, and narrowing of loss in YoY% is shown in terms of
       positive growth rate.



Taobao and Tmall Group

      (i)       Segment revenue

•      China Commerce Retail Business

       Revenue from our China commerce retail business in fiscal year 2025 was RMB425,526 million (US$58,639 million), increased
       by 3% compared to RMB414,414 million in fiscal year 2024.

       Customer management revenue increased by 6% year-over-year, primarily driven by 4% year-over-year growth in online GMV
       and improvement of take rate by 2% year-over-year.

       Direct sales and others revenue under China commerce retail business in fiscal year 2025 was RMB103,180 million (US$14,219
       million), decreased by 7% compared to RMB110,405 million in fiscal year 2024, primarily due to the decrease in direct sales
       revenue as a result of our planned reduction of certain direct sales businesses, partly offset by the increase in revenue from value-
       added services.

•      China Commerce Wholesale Business

       Revenue from our China commerce wholesale business in fiscal year 2025 was RMB24,301 million (US$3,349 million),
       increased by 19% compared to RMB20,479 million in fiscal year 2024, primarily due to an increase in revenue from value-added
       services provided to paying members.

      (ii)      Segment adjusted EBITA

       Taobao and Tmall Group adjusted EBITA increased by 1% to RMB196,232 million (US$27,041 million) in fiscal year 2025,
       compared to RMB194,827 million in fiscal year 2024. The increase was primarily due to the increase in revenue from customer
       management service, partly offset by the increase in investments in user experience and technology.




                                                                                                                               Fiscal Year 2025 Annual Report            75
     Management Discussion and Analysis


     Alibaba International Digital Commerce Group

         (i)     Segment revenue

     •    International Commerce Retail Business

          Revenue from our International commerce retail business in fiscal year 2025 was RMB108,465 million (US$14,947 million),
          increased by 33% compared to RMB81,654 million in fiscal year 2024, primarily driven by the increase in revenue contributed by
          AliExpress and Trendyol. Of which, the year-over-year growth was mainly driven by revenue growth contributed by AliExpress
          and Trendyol of 25% and 8%, respectively, to the total increase of 33%. As certain of our international businesses generate
          revenue in local currencies while our reporting currency is Renminbi, AIDC’s revenue is affected by exchange rate fluctuations.

     •    International Commerce Wholesale Business

          Revenue from our International commerce wholesale business in fiscal year 2025 was RMB23,835 million (US$3,284 million),
          increased by 14% compared to RMB20,944 million in fiscal year 2024. The increase was primarily due to an increase in revenue
          generated by cross-border related value-added services.

         (ii)    Segment adjusted EBITA

          Alibaba International Digital Commerce Group adjusted EBITA was a loss of RMB15,137 million (US$2,086 million) in fiscal
          year 2025, compared to a loss of RMB8,035 million in fiscal year 2024. Losses increased year-over-year primarily due to the
          increase in investments in AliExpress and Trendyol’s cross-border businesses, partly offset by Lazada’s significant reduction in
          operating losses due to its improvement in monetization and operating efficiency, as well as improvements in profitability of
          Trendyol’s domestic businesses.

     Cloud Intelligence Group

         (i)     Segment revenue

          Revenue from Cloud Intelligence Group was RMB118,028 million (US$16,265 million) in fiscal year 2025, increased by 11%
          compared to RMB106,374 million in fiscal year 2024. Overall revenue excluding Alibaba-consolidated subsidiaries increased by
          10% year-over-year, primarily driven by an even faster public cloud revenue growth, including the increasing adoption of AI-
          related products.

         (ii)    Segment adjusted EBITA

          Cloud Intelligence Group adjusted EBITA increased by 72% to RMB10,556 million (US$1,455 million) in fiscal year 2025,
          compared to RMB6,121 million in fiscal year 2024, primarily due to faster public cloud revenue growth and improving operating
          efficiency, partly offset by the increasing investments in customer growth and technology innovation.

     Cainiao Smart Logistics Network Limited

         (i)     Segment revenue

          Revenue from Cainiao Smart Logistics Network Limited was RMB101,272 million (US$13,956 million) in fiscal year 2025,
          increased by 2% compared to RMB99,020 million in fiscal year 2024, primarily driven by the increase in revenue from cross-
          border fulfillment solutions, partly offset by the decrease in revenue from domestic logistics services as a result of our e-
          commerce businesses taking on certain logistics platform role.

         (ii)    Segment adjusted EBITA

          Cainiao Smart Logistics Network Limited adjusted EBITA decreased by 78% to RMB302 million (US$41 million) in fiscal year
          2025, compared to RMB1,402 million in fiscal year 2024, primarily due to the decrease in profits from cross-border fulfillment
          solutions.




76   Alibaba Group Holding Limited
                                                                     Management Discussion and Analysis


Local Services Group

   (i)       Segment revenue

    Revenue from Local Services Group was RMB67,076 million (US$9,243 million) in fiscal year 2025, increased by 12%
    compared to RMB59,802 million in fiscal year 2024, driven by the order growth of both Amap and Ele.me, as well as revenue
    growth from marketing services.

  (ii)       Segment adjusted EBITA

    Local Services Group adjusted EBITA was a loss of RMB3,689 million (US$508 million) in fiscal year 2025, compared to a loss
    of RMB9,812 million in fiscal year 2024, as unit economics improved due to operating efficiency and increased scale.

Hujing Digital Media and Entertainment Group

   (i)       Segment revenue

    Revenue from Hujing Digital Media and Entertainment Group was RMB22,267 million (US$3,068 million) in fiscal year 2025,
    increased by 5% compared to RMB21,145 million in fiscal year 2024, driven by the strong revenue growth of the movie and
    entertainment businesses of Damai Entertainment, and Youku.

  (ii)       Segment adjusted EBITA

    Hujing Digital Media and Entertainment Group adjusted EBITA in fiscal year 2025 was a loss of RMB554 million (US$76
    million), compared to a loss of RMB1,539 million in fiscal year 2024, primarily due to the narrowing of loss from Youku.

All others

   (i)       Segment revenue

    Revenue from All others segment was RMB206,269 million (US$28,425 million) in fiscal year 2025, increased by 7% compared
    to RMB192,331 million in fiscal year 2024, primarily due to the increase in revenue from Freshippo and Alibaba Health, partly
    offset by the decrease in revenue from Sun Art due to its sale and deconsolidation in February 2025.

  (ii)       Segment adjusted EBITA

    Adjusted EBITA from All others segment in fiscal year 2025 was a loss of RMB8,536 million (US$1,176 million), compared to a
    loss of RMB9,160 million in fiscal year 2024, primarily due to improved operating results from Sun Art, Freshippo and Alibaba
    Health, partly offset by the increased investment in technology businesses.




                                                                                                  Fiscal Year 2025 Annual Report    77
     Management Discussion and Analysis


             Cost of Revenue
                                                                                       Year ended March 31,
                                                                             2024                      2025
                                                                                                                               YoY %
                                                                             RMB              RMB                  US$         Change
                                                                                          (in millions, except percentages)
     Cost of revenue                                                         586,323          598,285                82,446              2%
     Percentage of revenue                                                        62%              60%
     Share-based compensation expense included in cost
      of revenue                                                               3,012            2,162                   298             (28)%
     Percentage of revenue                                                         0%               0%
     Cost of revenue excluding share-based compensation expense              583,311          596,123                82,148              2%
     Percentage of revenue                                                        62%              60%

     Our cost of revenue increased by 2% from RMB586,323 million in fiscal year 2024 to RMB598,285 million (US$82,446 million) in
     fiscal year 2025. Without the effect of share-based compensation expense, cost of revenue as a percentage of revenue would have
     decreased from 62% in fiscal year 2024 to 60% in fiscal year 2025. The year-over-year decrease was primarily due to the decrease in
     scale of low margin direct sales businesses, and improvement in monetization and operating efficiency.


             Product Development Expenses

                                                                                      Year ended March 31,
                                                                           2024                       2025
                                                                                                                               YoY %
                                                                           RMB                RMB                    US$       Change
                                                                                         (in millions, except percentages)
     Product development expenses                                            52,256              57,151                7,876             9%
     Percentage of revenue                                                        6%                  6%
     Share-based compensation expense included in product
       development expenses                                                   7,623               6,700                  923        (12)%
     Percentage of revenue                                                        1%                  1%
     Product development expenses excluding share-based
       compensation expense                                                  44,633              50,451                6,953            13%
     Percentage of revenue                                                        5%                  5%

     Our product development expenses increased by 9% from RMB52,256 million in fiscal year 2024 to RMB57,151 million (US$7,876
     million) in fiscal year 2025. Without the effect of share-based compensation expense, product development expenses as a percentage
     of revenue would have remained stable at 5% in fiscal year 2025 compared to fiscal year 2024.




78   Alibaba Group Holding Limited
                                                                      Management Discussion and Analysis


        Sales and Marketing Expenses

                                                                                 Year ended March 31,
                                                                       2024                      2025
                                                                                                                         YoY %
                                                                       RMB              RMB                   US$        Change
                                                                                    (in millions, except percentages)
Sales and marketing expenses                                            115,141          144,021               19,847             25%
Percentage of revenue                                                        12%              14%
Share-based compensation expense included in sales and
 marketing expenses                                                       2,265             2,137                  295            (6)%
Percentage of revenue                                                         0%                0%
Sales and marketing expenses excluding share-based
 compensation expense                                                   112,876          141,884               19,552             26%
Percentage of revenue                                                        12%              14%

Our sales and marketing expenses increased by 25% from RMB115,141 million in fiscal year 2024 to RMB144,021 million
(US$19,847 million) in fiscal year 2025. Without the effect of share-based compensation expense, sales and marketing expenses as a
percentage of revenue would have increased from 12% in fiscal year 2024 to 14% in fiscal year 2025. The year-over-year increase was
primarily due to our increased investments in e-commerce businesses.

        General and Administrative Expenses

                                                                                 Year ended March 31,
                                                                       2024                      2025
                                                                                                                         YoY %
                                                                       RMB              RMB                  US$         Change
                                                                                    (in millions, except percentages)
General and administrative expenses                                      41,985           44,239                6,096              5%
Percentage of revenue                                                         5%               4%
Share-based compensation expense included in general and
 administrative expenses                                                  5,646            4,578                   631            (19)%
Percentage of revenue                                                         1%               0%
General and administrative expenses excluding share-based
 compensation expense                                                    36,339           39,661                5,465              9%
Percentage of revenue                                                         4%               4%

Our general and administrative expenses increased by 5% from RMB41,985 million in fiscal year 2024 to RMB44,239 million
(US$6,096 million) in fiscal year 2025. Without the effect of share-based compensation expense, general and administrative expenses
as a percentage of revenue would have remained stable at 4% in fiscal year 2025 compared to fiscal year 2024.




                                                                                                      Fiscal Year 2025 Annual Report      79
     Management Discussion and Analysis


             Amortization and impairment of intangible assets

                                                                                       Year ended March 31,
                                                                              2024                     2025
                                                                                                                               YoY %
                                                                             RMB               RMB                  US$        Change
                                                                                           (in millions, except percentages)
     Amortization and impairment of intangible assets                          21,592             6,336                  873            (71)%
     Percentage of revenue                                                          2%                1%

     Amortization and impairment of intangible assets decreased by 71% from RMB21,592 million in fiscal year 2024 to RMB6,336
     million (US$873 million) in fiscal year 2025. During fiscal year 2025, impairment of intangible assets of RMB634 million (US$87
     million) was recorded mainly relating to our businesses within All others segment. During fiscal year 2024, an impairment of
     intangible assets of RMB12,084 million was recorded relating to Sun Art within All others segment.

             Impairment of goodwill

     Impairment of goodwill in fiscal year 2025 was RMB6,171 million (US$850 million), decreased by 41% or RMB4,350 million from
     RMB10,521 million in fiscal year 2024. Impairment recorded for both years were mainly related to Hujing Digital Media and
     Entertainment Group and All others segment.

             Income from Operations


                                                                                       Year ended March 31,
                                                                             2024                      2025
                                                                                                                               YoY %
                                                                             RMB               RMB                  US$        Change
                                                                                           (in millions, except percentages)
     Income from operations                                                   113,350          140,905                19,417            24%
     Percentage of revenue                                                         12%              14%
     Share-based compensation expense included in income
       from operations                                                         18,546            15,577                2,147            (16)%
     Percentage of revenue                                                          2%                2%
     Income from operations excluding share-based
       compensation expense                                                   131,896          156,482                21,564            19%
     Percentage of revenue                                                         14%              16%

     Our income from operations increased by 24% from RMB113,350 million, or 12% of revenue, in fiscal year 2024 to RMB140,905
     million (US$19,417 million), or 14% of revenue, in fiscal year 2025. The year-over-year increase was primarily attributable to the
     decrease in impairment of intangible assets and goodwill, the decrease in non-cash share-based compensation expense and the
     increase in adjusted EBITA.

             Interest and Investment Income, Net

     Interest and investment income, net in fiscal year 2025 was a gain of RMB20,759 million (US$2,861 million), compared to a loss of
     RMB9,964 million in fiscal year 2024, primarily due to the mark-to-market changes from our equity investments and the decrease in
     impairment of our investments, partly offset by the losses arising from the disposal of subsidiaries.




80   Alibaba Group Holding Limited
                                                                                        Management Discussion and Analysis


           Other Income, Net

Other income, net in fiscal year 2025 was RMB3,387 million (US$467 million), compared to RMB6,157 million in fiscal year 2024,
primarily due to change in input VAT super-credit rate from 5% to 0% in calendar year 2024.

           Income Tax Expenses

Income tax expenses in fiscal year 2025 were RMB35,445 million (US$4,884 million), compared to RMB22,529 million in fiscal year
2024.

           Share of Results of Equity Method Investees

Share of results of equity method investees in fiscal year 2025 was a profit of RMB5,966 million (US$822 million), compared to a
loss of RMB7,735 million in fiscal year 2024.

Share of results of equity method investees in fiscal years 2024 and 2025 consisted of the following:

                                                                                                                      Year ended March 31,
                                                                                                       2024                             2025
                                                                                                       RMB                    RMB                      US$
                                                                                                                          (in millions)
Share of profit (loss) of equity method investees:
  - Ant Group                                                                                                7,860                 12,648                    1,743
  - Others                                                                                                  (2,154)                (2,276)                    (314)
Impairment loss                                                                                             (9,895)                (2,723)                    (375)
Others(1)                                                                                                   (3,546)                (1,683)                    (232)
Total                                                                                                       (7,735)                 5,966                      822

(1)   “Others” mainly include basis differences arising from equity method investees, share-based compensation expense related to share-based awards granted to
      employees of our equity method investees, as well as gain or loss arising from the deemed disposal of the equity method investees.

We record our share of results of all equity method investees one quarter in arrears. The year-over-year increase in share of profit of
Ant Group was mainly attributable to an increase in fair value of certain investments, partly offset by the investments in new growth
initiatives.

During the quarter ended September 30, 2023, Ant Group repurchased approximately 7% equity interest from its existing shareholders
and the shares repurchased were allocated to the employee incentive plans of Ant Group. The number of shares held by us in Ant
Group remains unchanged from a legal perspective, and our equity interest in Ant Group on a fully diluted basis remains unchanged at
33%.

For accounting purposes, we will take into consideration a proportionate share of equity interest held by the employee incentive plans
of Ant Group to account for our share of results from our investment in Ant Group, subject to dilution as the equity interest under the
employee incentive plans of Ant Group is transferred out.

           Net Income

Our net income in fiscal year 2025 was RMB125,976 million (US$17,360 million), increased by 77% or RMB54,644 million,
compared to RMB71,332 million in fiscal year 2024. The year-over-year increase was primarily due to the mark-to-market changes
from our equity investments and the increase in income from operations, partly offset by the losses arising from the disposal of
subsidiaries.

Comparison of Fiscal Years 2023 and 2024

For a discussion of our results of operations for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2023 compared with the fiscal year ended March 31,
2024, see “Management Discussion and Analysis — Operating Results — Comparison of Fiscal Years 2023 and 2024” of our annual
report on Form 20-F for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2024, filed with the SEC on May 23, 2024.




                                                                                                                            Fiscal Year 2025 Annual Report            81
     Management Discussion and Analysis



     Variable Interest Entity Financial Information
     The following tables present the condensed consolidating schedule of operations and cash flows information for the fiscal years ended
     March 31, 2023, 2024 and 2025, and condensed consolidating schedule of balance sheet information as of March 31, 2024 and 2025
     for:

                •     Alibaba Group Holding Limited (“parent”);

                •     the variable interest entities, including their subsidiaries, that together account for a significant majority of total revenue
                      and assets of the variable interest entities as a group, which we collectively refer to as the “major variable interest entities
                      and their subsidiaries”;

                •     subsidiaries that are, for accounting purposes only, the primary beneficiaries of the major variable interest entities; and

                •     other subsidiaries and consolidated entities, which include variable interest entities that are not major variable interest
                      entities.

     We conduct our business through a large number of subsidiaries and consolidated entities. We are presenting the condensed
     consolidating information for the major variable interest entities only. We believe this presentation provides a reasonably adequate
     basis for investors to evaluate the assets, operations and overall significance of the variable interest entities as a group, as well as the
     nature and amounts associated with intercompany transactions. The large number of variable interest entities not included as major
     variable interest entities are individually, and in the aggregate, not material for our company taken as a whole. To include them in the
     presentation would require tremendous time and efforts to prepare condensed consolidating schedules for them, which we do not
     believe would provide meaningful additional information to investors.

     The amounts shown in the tables do not reconcile directly to financial information presented for the variable interest entities in our
     audited consolidated financial statements.

     Although the variable interest entities hold licenses and approvals and assets for regulated activities that are necessary for our business
     operations, as well as certain equity investments in businesses, to which foreign investments are typically restricted or prohibited
     under applicable PRC law, we hold the significant majority of assets and operations in our subsidiaries and the significant majority of
     our revenue is captured directly by our subsidiaries. Therefore, our subsidiaries directly capture the significant majority of the profits
     and associated cash flow from operations, without having to rely on contractual arrangements to transfer cash flow from the variable
     interest entities to our subsidiaries.
                                                                                               For the year ended March 31, 2025
                                                                           Other
                                                                        Subsidiaries                        Primary
                                                                            and        Major VIEs         Beneficiaries
                                                                        Consolidated    and their           of Major                            Consolidated
                                                            Parent        Entities     Subsidiaries           VIEs         Eliminations            Total
                                                            RMB            RMB            RMB                 RMB             RMB         RMB                  US$
                                                                                                          (in millions)
     Revenue from third parties                                   —        833,583          98,433            64,331                —      996,347              137,300
     Revenue from group companies                                 —         17,515          19,346           203,620          (240,481)         —                    —
     Total cost and expenses                                  (5,972)     (890,164)       (119,725) (1)     (153,515)          313,934    (855,442)            (117,883)
     Income from subsidiaries and VIEs                       142,604       148,152              —              1,439          (292,195)         —                    —
     Income (loss) from operations                           136,632       109,086          (1,946)          115,875          (218,742)    140,905               19,417
     Other income and expenses                                (7,162)       46,239           2,293            46,633           (73,453)     14,550                2,005
     Income tax (expenses) credit                                 —        (12,582)          1,256           (24,119)               —      (35,445)              (4,884)
     Share of results of equity method investees                  —         (3,602)           (195)            9,763                —        5,966                  822
     Net income                                              129,470       139,141           1,408           148,152          (292,195)    125,976               17,360
     Net loss attributable to noncontrolling interests            —          4,102              31                —                 —        4,133                  569
     Accretion of mezzanine equity                                —           (639)             —                 —                 —         (639)                 (88)
     Net income attributable to ordinary shareholders        129,470       142,604           1,439           148,152          (292,195)    129,470               17,841




82   Alibaba Group Holding Limited
                                                                                            Management Discussion and Analysis


                                                                                                        For the year ended March 31, 2024
                                                                                         Other
                                                                                      Subsidiaries                               Primary
                                                                                          and           Major VIEs            Beneficiaries
                                                                                      Consolidated       and their               of Major                    Consolidated
                                                                       Parent           Entities        Subsidiaries               VIEs       Eliminations      Total
                                                                       RMB               RMB               RMB                     RMB           RMB            RMB
                                                                                                                   (in millions)
Revenue from third parties                                                    —           782,497             90,662               68,009              —          941,168
Revenue from group companies                                                  —            11,731              8,595              192,994        (213,320)             —
Total cost and expenses                                                     (327)        (845,402)          (103,992) (1)        (157,042)        278,945        (827,818)
Income (loss) from subsidiaries and VIEs                                  86,057          123,181                 —                (3,093)       (206,145)             —
Income (loss) from operations                                             85,730           72,007             (4,735)             100,868        (140,520)        113,350
Other income and expenses                                                 (5,989)          24,387                 31               35,442         (65,625)        (11,754)
Income tax (expenses) credit                                                  —            (6,890)             1,428              (17,067)             —          (22,529)
Share of results of equity method investees                                   —           (11,656)               (17)               3,938              —           (7,735)
Net income (loss)                                                         79,741           77,848             (3,293)             123,181        (206,145)         71,332
Net loss attributable to noncontrolling interests                             —             8,477                200                   —               —            8,677
Accretion of mezzanine equity                                                 —              (268)                —                    —               —             (268)
Net income (loss) attributable to ordinary shareholders                   79,741           86,057             (3,093)             123,181        (206,145)         79,741

                                                                                                        For the year ended March 31, 2023
                                                                                         Other
                                                                                      Subsidiaries                               Primary
                                                                                          and           Major VIEs            Beneficiaries
                                                                                      Consolidated       and their               of Major                    Consolidated
                                                                       Parent           Entities        Subsidiaries               VIEs       Eliminations      Total
                                                                       RMB               RMB               RMB                     RMB           RMB            RMB
                                                                                                                   (in millions)
Revenue from third parties                                                    —           709,421             88,121               71,145              —          868,687
Revenue from group companies                                                  —            29,159              5,671              136,113        (170,943)             —
Total cost and expenses                                                     (846)        (763,158)           (97,402) (1)        (168,473)        261,543        (768,336)
Income from subsidiaries and VIEs                                         84,000          100,379                 —                 3,031        (187,410)             —
Income (loss) from operations                                             83,154           75,801             (3,610)              41,816         (96,810)        100,351
Other income and expenses                                                (10,645)          11,003              6,557               72,519         (90,600)        (11,166)
Income tax (expenses) credit                                                  —            (6,551)               117               (9,115)             —          (15,549)
Share of results of equity method investees                                   —            (3,176)               (46)              (4,841)             —           (8,063)
Net income                                                                72,509           77,077              3,018              100,379        (187,410)         65,573
Net loss attributable to noncontrolling interests                             —             7,197                 13                   —               —            7,210
Accretion of mezzanine equity                                                 —              (274)                —                    —               —             (274)
Net income attributable to ordinary shareholders                          72,509           84,000              3,031              100,379        (187,410)         72,509

Note:
(1)     These include technical service fee incurred by major VIEs and their subsidiaries for exclusive technical service provided by primary beneficiaries of major VIEs
        to major VIEs and their subsidiaries in the amounts of RMB15,445 million, RMB11,689 million and RMB17,130 million (US$2,361 million) for the years ended
        March 31, 2023, 2024 and 2025, respectively.




                                                                                                                                       Fiscal Year 2025 Annual Report        83
     Management Discussion and Analysis


                                                                                                               For the year ended March 31, 2025
                                                                                              Other
                                                                                           Subsidiaries                        Primary
                                                                                               and        Major VIEs         Beneficiaries
                                                                                           Consolidated    and their              of                                 Consolidated
                                                                       Parent                Entities     Subsidiaries       Major VIEs          Eliminations           Total
                                                                       RMB                    RMB            RMB                RMB                 RMB          RMB                US$
                                                                                                                                     (in millions)
     Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities                 51,728      (1)
                                                                                              116,970          (1,446)          169,759            (173,502)     163,509         22,532
     Net cash used in investing activities                              (54,809) (1)         (256,326)        (30,177) (2)     (115,113)            271,010     (185,415)       (25,551)
     Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities                  2,542 (1)            63,534          22,205 (2)       (66,988)            (97,508)     (76,215)       (10,502)
     Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash
      equivalents, restricted cash and escrow receivables                       43                 922              —                  —                  —         965                   133
     Decrease in cash and cash equivalents,
      restricted cash and escrow receivables                                (496)              (74,900)        (9,418)           (12,342)                 —      (97,156)       (13,388)
     Cash and cash equivalents, restricted cash and
      escrow receivables at the beginning of the year                     1,114               219,909          11,776             53,625                  —     286,424             39,470
     Cash and cash equivalents, restricted cash and
      escrow receivables at the end of the year                             618               145,009           2,358             41,283                  —     189,268             26,082

     Notes:
     (1)   For the year ended March 31, 2025, the cash transfer from the parent to our subsidiaries amounting to RMB94,307 million (US$12,996 million), of which
           RMB90,858 million (US$12,521 million) and RMB3,449 million (US$475 million) were included in the parent’s net cash used in investing activities and net cash
           provided by financing activities, respectively.

           For the year ended March 31, 2025, the cash transfer from our subsidiaries to the parent amounting to RMB175,208 million (US$24,144 million), of which
           RMB59,933 million (US$8,259 million), RMB38,300 million (US$5,278 million) and RMB76,975 million (US$10,607 million) were included in the parent’s net
           cash provided by operating activities, net cash used in investing activities, and net cash provided by financing activities, respectively.
     (2)   For the year ended March 31, 2025, the cash transfer from our subsidiaries and consolidated entities to the major VIEs and their subsidiaries amounting to
           RMB29,008 million (US$3,997 million), of which RMB8,268 million (US$1,139 million) and RMB20,740 million (US$2,858 million) were included in the
           major VIEs and their subsidiaries’ net cash used in investing activities and net cash provided by financing activities, respectively.

           For the year ended March 31, 2025, the cash transfer from the major VIEs and their subsidiaries to our subsidiaries and consolidated entities amounting to
           RMB38,462 million (US$5,300 million), of which RMB32,967 million (US$4,543 million) and RMB5,495 million (US$757 million) were included in the major
           VIEs and their subsidiaries’ net cash used in investing activities and net cash provided by financing activities, respectively.
     (3)   See “— Holding Company Structure and Cash Flows through Our Company” for nature of cash transfers mentioned above.




84   Alibaba Group Holding Limited
                                                                                             Management Discussion and Analysis


                                                                                                        For the year ended March 31, 2024
                                                                                          Other
                                                                                       Subsidiaries     Major VIEs               Primary
                                                                                     and Consolidated    and their            Beneficiaries of                  Consolidated
                                                                    Parent               Entities       Subsidiaries           Major VIEs        Eliminations      Total
                                                                    RMB                   RMB              RMB                    RMB               RMB            RMB
                                                                                                                   (in millions)
Net cash provided by operating activities                              93,308 (1)          112,457             8,994                163,315         (195,481)       182,593
Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities                    11,838 (1)              922           (10,596) (2)           (20,462)          (3,526)       (21,824)
Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities                  (104,666) (1)         (60,507)            5,451 (2)           (147,529)         199,007       (108,244)
Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash
  equivalents, restricted cash and escrow receivables                         58              4,328                  3                      —               —          4,389
Increase (Decrease) in cash and cash equivalents,
  restricted cash and escrow receivables                                     538             57,200            3,852                  (4,676)               —        56,914
Cash and cash equivalents, restricted cash and escrow
  receivables at the beginning of the year                                   576           162,709             7,924                  58,301                —       229,510
Cash and cash equivalents, restricted cash and escrow
  receivables at the end of the year                                    1,114              219,909            11,776                  53,625                —       286,424


Notes:
(1)   For the year ended March 31, 2024, the cash transfer from the parent to our subsidiaries amounting to RMB74,951 million, of which RMB67,670 million and
      RMB7,281 million were included in the parent’s net cash provided by investing activities and net cash used in financing activities, respectively.

      For the year ended March 31, 2024, the cash transfer from our subsidiaries to the parent amounting to RMB193,629 million, of which RMB98,174 million,
      RMB81,979 million and RMB13,476 million were included in the parent’s net cash provided by operating activities and investing activities, and net cash used in
      financing activities, respectively.
(2)   For the year ended March 31, 2024, the cash transfer from our subsidiaries and consolidated entities to the major VIEs and their subsidiaries amounting to
      RMB17,986 million, of which RMB8,319 million and RMB9,667 million were included in the major VIEs and their subsidiaries’ net cash used in investing
      activities and net cash provided by financing activities, respectively.

      For the year ended March 31, 2024, the cash transfer from the major VIEs and their subsidiaries to our subsidiaries and consolidated entities amounting to
      RMB25,432 million, of which RMB19,933 million and RMB5,499 million were included in the major VIEs and their subsidiaries’ net cash used in investing
      activities and net cash provided by financing activities, respectively.

                                                                                                        For the year ended March 31, 2023
                                                                                          Other
                                                                                       Subsidiaries     Major VIEs               Primary
                                                                                     and Consolidated    and their             Beneficiaries                    Consolidated
                                                                    Parent               Entities       Subsidiaries          of Major VIEs      Eliminations      Total
                                                                    RMB                   RMB              RMB                    RMB               RMB            RMB
                                                                                                                   (in millions)
Net cash provided by operating activities                              71,885 (1)          154,186             3,622                196,309         (226,250)       199,752
Net cash used in investing activities                                 (12,290) (1)         (87,248)           (2,003) (2)          (100,132)          66,167       (135,506)
Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities                   (59,439) (1)         (83,590)            1,766 (2)            (84,439)         160,083        (65,619)
Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash
  equivalents, restricted cash and escrow receivables                         33              3,495                  2                      —               —          3,530
Increase (Decrease) in cash and cash equivalents,
  restricted cash and escrow receivables                                     189            (13,157)           3,387                  11,738                —          2,157
Cash and cash equivalents, restricted cash and escrow
  receivables at the beginning of the year                                   387           175,866             4,537                  46,563                —       227,353
Cash and cash equivalents, restricted cash and escrow
  receivables at the end of the year                                         576           162,709             7,924                  58,301                —       229,510


Notes:
(1)   For the year ended March 31, 2023, the cash transfer from the parent to our subsidiaries amounting to RMB32,025 million, of which RMB31,088 million and
      RMB937 million were included in the parent’s net cash used in investing activities and financing activities, respectively.

      For the year ended March 31, 2023, the cash transfer from our subsidiaries to the parent amounting to RMB112,153 million, of which RMB75,355 million,
      RMB20,565 million and RMB16,233 million were included in the parent’s net cash provided by operating activities, net cash used in investing activities and
      financing activities, respectively.
(2)   For the year ended March 31, 2023, the cash transfer from our subsidiaries and consolidated entities to the major VIEs and their subsidiaries amounting to
      RMB21,283 million, of which RMB11,858 million and RMB9,425 million were included in the major VIEs and their subsidiaries’ net cash used in investing
      activities and net cash provided by financing activities, respectively.

      For the year ended March 31, 2023, the cash transfer from the major VIEs and their subsidiaries to our subsidiaries and consolidated entities amounting to
      RMB14,172 million, of which RMB6,513 million and RMB7,659 million were included in the major VIEs and their subsidiaries’ net cash used in investing
      activities and net cash provided by financing activities, respectively.




                                                                                                                                        Fiscal Year 2025 Annual Report         85
     Management Discussion and Analysis


                                                                                                                          As of March 31, 2025
                                                                                     Other
                                                                                  Subsidiaries                                   Primary
                                                                                      and               Major VIEs            Beneficiaries
                                                                                  Consolidated           and their                  of                                              Consolidated
                                                                 Parent             Entities            Subsidiaries           Major VIEs          Eliminations                        Total
                                                                 RMB                 RMB                   RMB                    RMB                 RMB                  RMB                     US$
                                                                                                                              (in millions)
     Cash and cash equivalents and short-term
       investments                                                        618            292,918                  5,542            75,235                        —          374,313                 51,582
     Investments in equity method investees and equity
       securities and other investments                                    —             288,039             26,433               306,295                        —          620,767                 85,544
     Accounts receivable and contract assets,
       net of allowance                                                 —              13,676                16,159                 1,337                   —                31,172                  4,295
     Amounts due from group companies                               15,170            406,817                48,184               285,523             (755,694)                  —                      —
     Prepayments and other assets                                      245            223,039                28,413                46,518                   —               298,215                 41,095
     Interest in subsidiaries and VIEs                           1,365,004            422,662                    —                  3,423           (1,791,089)                  —                      —
     Property and equipment and intangible assets                       —             182,309                18,357                23,593                   —               224,259                 30,904
     Goodwill                                                           —             253,475                 2,026                    —                    —               255,501                 35,209
     Total assets                                                1,381,037          2,082,935               145,114               741,924           (2,546,783)           1,804,227                248,629
     Amounts due to group companies                                184,879            268,040                85,437               217,338             (755,694)                  —                      —
     Accrued and other liabilities                                 186,300            316,759                39,784                98,407                   —               641,250                 88,367
     Deferred revenue and customer advances                             —              52,685                16,669                 3,517                   —                72,871                 10,042
     Total liabilities                                             371,179            637,484               141,890               319,262             (755,694)             714,121                 98,409
     Mezzanine equity                                                   —              11,713                    —                     —                    —                11,713                  1,613
     Total shareholders’ equity                                  1,009,858          1,365,004                 3,423               422,662           (1,791,089)           1,009,858                139,162
     Noncontrolling interests                                           —              68,734                  (199)                   —                    —                68,535                  9,445
     Total liabilities, mezzanine equity and equity              1,381,037          2,082,935               145,114               741,924           (2,546,783)           1,804,227                248,629

                                                                                                                                 As of March 31, 2024
                                                                                                      Other
                                                                                                   Subsidiaries
                                                                                                       and                Major VIEs              Primary
                                                                                                   Consolidated            and their          Beneficiaries of                             Consolidated
                                                                                Parent               Entities             Subsidiaries          Major VIEs           Eliminations             Total
                                                                                RMB                   RMB                    RMB                   RMB                  RMB                   RMB
                                                                                                                                     (in millions)
     Cash and cash equivalents and short-term investments                           1,114              332,430                  21,276              156,260                    —                   511,080
     Investments in equity method investees and equity
       securities and other investments                                                —               242,911                  27,018              214,093                   —                 484,022
     Accounts receivable and contract assets, net of allowance                         —                14,074                  15,608                1,004                   —                  30,686
     Amounts due from group companies                                              49,096              299,957                  31,746              227,363             (608,162)                    —
     Prepayments and other assets                                                     527              198,891                  24,104               43,729                   —                 267,251
     Interest in subsidiaries and VIEs                                          1,180,705              402,275                      —                 4,983           (1,587,963)                    —
     Property and equipment and intangible assets                                      —               186,545                  10,053               15,513                   —                 212,111
     Goodwill                                                                          —               257,719                   1,960                   —                    —                 259,679
     Total assets                                                               1,231,442            1,934,802                 131,765              662,945           (2,196,125)             1,764,829
     Amounts due to group companies                                               110,867              242,279                  75,643              179,373             (608,162)                    —
     Accrued and other liabilities                                                134,031              327,402                  36,467               77,443                   —                 575,343
     Deferred revenue and customer advances                                            —                58,166                  14,867                3,854                   —                  76,887
     Total liabilities                                                            244,898              627,847                 126,977              260,670             (608,162)               652,230
     Mezzanine equity                                                                  —                10,728                      —                    —                    —                  10,728
     Total shareholders’ equity                                                   986,544            1,180,705                   4,983              402,275           (1,587,963)               986,544
     Noncontrolling interests                                                          —               115,522                    (195)                  —                    —                 115,327
     Total liabilities, mezzanine equity and equity                             1,231,442            1,934,802                 131,765              662,945           (2,196,125)             1,764,829




86   Alibaba Group Holding Limited
                                                                         Management Discussion and Analysis



Liquidity and Capital Resources
We fund our operations and strategic investments from cash generated from our operations and through debt and equity financing. We
generated RMB199,752 million, RMB182,593 million and RMB163,509 million (US$22,532 million) of cash from operating
activities for fiscal years 2023, 2024 and 2025, respectively. As of March 31, 2025, we had cash and cash equivalents, short-term
investments and other treasury investments of RMB597,132 million (US$82,287 million) that are unrestricted for withdrawal and use.
Short-term investments include investments in fixed deposits with original maturities between three months and one year and certain
investments in wealth management products, certificates of deposit, marketable debt securities and other investments whereby we
have the intention to redeem within one year. Other treasury investments mainly include investments in fixed deposits, certificates of
deposit and marketable debt securities with original maturities over one year for treasury purposes. The remaining maturities of these
treasury investments held by us generally range from one to five years.

In November 2014, we issued unsecured senior notes, including floating rate and fixed rate notes, with varying maturities for an
aggregate principal amount of US$8.0 billion. Interest on the unsecured senior notes is payable in arrears, quarterly for the floating
rate notes and semi-annually for the fixed rate notes. We used the proceeds from the issuance of the unsecured senior notes to
refinance our previous syndicated loan arrangements in the same amount. In November 2017, November 2019, November 2021 and
November 2024, we repaid US$7.3 billion of our US$8.0 billion unsecured senior notes that became due. We are not subject to any
financial covenant or other significant operating covenants under the unsecured senior notes. See note 22 to our audited consolidated
financial statements included in this annual report for further information on unsecured senior notes.

In March 2016, we signed a five-year US$3.0 billion syndicated loan agreement with a group of eight lead arrangers, which we
subsequently drew down in April 2016. The loan was upsized from US$3.0 billion to US$4.0 billion in May 2016 through a general
syndication and the upsized portion was subsequently drawn down in August 2016. The loan had a five-year bullet maturity and was
priced at 110 basis points over LIBOR. In May 2019, we amended the pricing of the loan to 85 basis points over LIBOR and extended
the maturity to May 2024. We further amended the pricing of the loan to 80 basis points over SOFR with a credit adjustment spread in
May 2023 and extended the maturity to May 2028 in July 2023. The use of proceeds of the loan is for general corporate and working
capital purposes (including funding our acquisitions). In January 2025, we repaid US$830 million of the loan.

In April 2017, we entered into a revolving credit facility agreement with certain financial institutions for an amount of US$5.15
billion, which we did not draw down during the availability period. The interest rate for this credit facility was calculated based on
LIBOR plus 95 basis points. This loan facility is reserved for future general corporate and working capital purposes (including funding
our acquisitions). In June 2021, the terms of this facility were amended and the amount of the credit facility was increased to US$6.5
billion. The expiration date of the credit facility was extended to June 2026. Under the terms of the amended facility, the interest rate
on any outstanding utilized amount was calculated based on LIBOR plus 80 basis points. In May 2023, we amended the pricing of the
outstanding utilized amount to SOFR with a credit adjustment spread plus 80 basis points. We have not yet drawn down this facility.

In December 2017, we issued an additional aggregate of US$7.0 billion unsecured senior notes. In June 2023, we repaid US$0.7
billion of our US$7.0 billion unsecured senior notes that became due. We are not subject to any financial covenant or other significant
operating covenants under the unsecured senior notes. See note 22 to our audited consolidated financial statements included in this
annual report for further information on unsecured senior notes.

In February 2021, we issued unsecured fixed rate senior notes with varying maturities for an aggregate principal amount of US$5.0
billion. Interest on the unsecured senior notes is payable semi-annually. Except for the sustainability notes we set aside for an
aggregate principal amount of US$1.0 billion, we have used the proceeds from the issuance of the remaining unsecured senior notes
for general corporate purposes, including working capital needs, repayment of offshore debt and potential acquisitions of or
investments in complementary businesses. We have used the net proceeds from the issuance of the sustainability notes to finance or
refinance, in whole or in part, one or more of our new or existing eligible projects in accordance with our sustainable finance
framework as described in the final prospectus supplement relating to the offering. Examples of eligible projects include those in the
sectors of green buildings, energy efficiency, COVID-19 crisis response, renewable energy and circular economy and design. See note
22 to our audited consolidated financial statements included in this annual report for further information on unsecured senior notes.




                                                                                                       Fiscal Year 2025 Annual Report       87
     Management Discussion and Analysis


     In May 2024, we issued convertible unsecured senior notes for an aggregate principal amount of US$5.0 billion due on June 1, 2031.
     The convertible senior notes are senior unsecured obligations, and interest at an annual rate of 0.5% is payable in arrears
     semiannually. We have used the proceeds from the issuance of the convertible unsecured senior notes to fund share repurchases and
     fund the cost of entering into capped call transactions. We are not subject to any financial covenant or other significant operating
     covenants under the unsecured senior notes. See note 23 to our audited consolidated financial statements included in this annual report
     for further information on convertible unsecured senior notes.

     In November 2024, we issued unsecured fixed rate senior notes with varying maturities, consisting of U.S. dollar-denominated notes
     for an aggregate principal amount of US$2.65 billion and RMB-denominated notes for an aggregate principal amount of RMB17
     billion (US$2.3 billion). The senior notes are senior unsecured obligations, and interest is payable in arrears semiannually. We intend
     to use the net proceeds from the offering of the unsecured fixed rate senior notes for general corporate purposes, including repayment
     of offshore debt and share repurchases. We are not subject to any financial covenant or other significant operating covenants under the
     unsecured senior notes. See note 22 to our audited consolidated financial statements included in this annual report for further
     information on unsecured senior notes.

     As of March 31, 2025, we also had other bank borrowings of RMB49,534 million (US$6,826 million), primarily used for our capital
     expenditures in relation to the construction of corporate campuses, office facilities and infrastructure for logistics business, and for
     other working capital purposes. See note 21 to our audited consolidated financial statements included in this annual report for further
     information.

     We believe that our current levels of cash and cash flows from operations will be sufficient to meet our anticipated cash needs for at
     least the next twelve months. However, we may need additional cash resources in the future if we find and wish to pursue
     opportunities for investment, acquisition, strategic cooperation or other similar actions, which may include investing in technology,
     infrastructure, including data management and analytics solutions, or related talent. If we determine that our cash requirements exceed
     our amounts of cash on hand or if we decide to further optimize our capital structure, we may seek to issue additional debt or equity
     securities or obtain credit facilities or other sources of funding.

     The following table sets out a summary of our cash flows for the periods indicated:

                                                                                                  Year ended March 31,
                                                                                2023             2024                      2025
                                                                                RMB              RMB                RMB             US$
                                                                                                      (in millions)
     Net cash provided by operating activities                                   199,752          182,593           163,509           22,532
     Net cash used in investing activities                                      (135,506)         (21,824)         (185,415)         (25,551)
     Net cash used in financing activities                                       (65,619)        (108,244)          (76,215)         (10,502)




88   Alibaba Group Holding Limited
                                                                         Management Discussion and Analysis


Cash Flows from Operating Activities

Net cash provided by operating activities in fiscal year 2025 was RMB163,509 million (US$22,532 million), and primarily consisted
of net income of RMB125,976 million (US$17,360 million), as adjusted for non-cash items and the effects of changes in working
capital and other activities. Adjustments for non-cash items primarily included depreciation and impairment of property and
equipment, and operating lease cost relating to land use rights of RMB29,260 million (US$4,032 million), gain related to equity
securities and other investments of RMB28,652 million (US$3,948 million), loss on disposals of subsidiaries of RMB21,509 million
(US$2,964 million), equity-settled share-based compensation expense of RMB13,970 million (US$1,925 million), and amortization of
intangible assets and licensed copyrights of RMB13,199 million (US$1,819 million). Changes in working capital and other activities
mainly consisted of an increase of RMB50,590 million (US$6,972 million) in prepayments, receivables and other assets, and long-
term licensed copyrights, partially offset by an increase of RMB25,873 million (US$3,565 million) in accrued expenses, accounts
payable and other liabilities.

Net cash provided by operating activities in fiscal year 2024 was RMB182,593 million, and primarily consisted of net income of
RMB71,332 million, as adjusted for non-cash items and the effects of changes in working capital and other activities. Adjustments for
non-cash items primarily included depreciation and impairment of property and equipment, and operating lease cost relating to land
use rights of RMB26,640 million, loss related to equity securities and other investments of RMB23,480 million, impairment of
goodwill and intangible assets of RMB22,610 million, equity-settled share-based compensation expense of RMB18,546 million and
amortization of intangible assets and licensed copyrights of RMB17,864 million. Changes in working capital and other activities
mainly consisted of an increase of RMB37,621 million in prepayments, receivables and other assets, and long-term licensed
copyrights, partially offset by an increase of RMB27,126 million in accrued expenses, accounts payable and other liabilities.

Net cash provided by operating activities in fiscal year 2025 was RMB163,509 million (US$22,532 million), decreased by 10%
compared to RMB182,593 million in fiscal year 2024. The year-over-year decrease mainly attributed to the increase in our cloud
infrastructure expenditure and changes in working capital, partly offset by year-over-year increase of adjusted EBITDA.

Please also see our consolidated statements of cash flows set forth in our audited consolidated financial statements included in this
annual report.

Cash Flows from Investing Activities

Net cash used in investing activities in fiscal year 2025 was RMB185,415 million (US$25,551 million) primarily reflected an increase
in other treasury investments by RMB126,041 million (US$17,369 million) and capital expenditures of RMB85,972 million
(US$11,847 million). These cash outflows were partially offset by a decrease in short-term investments by RMB23,395 million
(US$3,224 million).

Net cash used in investing activities in fiscal year 2024 was RMB21,824 million primarily reflected an increase in other treasury
investments by RMB64,392 million, capital expenditures of RMB32,087 million, as well as cash outflow of RMB20,969 million for
investment and acquisition activities. These cash outflows were partially offset by a decrease in short-term investments by
RMB71,426 million and cash inflow of RMB23,930 million from disposal of investments.




                                                                                                       Fiscal Year 2025 Annual Report   89
     Management Discussion and Analysis


     Cash Flows from Financing Activities

     Net cash used in financing activities in fiscal year 2025 was RMB76,215 million (US$10,502 million) primarily reflected cash used in
     repurchase of ordinary shares of RMB86,662 million (US$11,942 million), dividend payment of RMB29,077 million (US$4,007
     million) and acquisition of additional equity interests in non-wholly owned subsidiaries of RMB21,949 million (US$3,025 million),
     partly offset by net proceeds from the issuance of unsecured and convertible senior notes and the payments for capped call
     transactions of RMB67,032 million (US$9,237 million).

     Net cash used in financing activities in fiscal year 2024 was RMB108,244 million and was primarily reflected cash used in repurchase
     of ordinary shares of RMB88,745 million and dividend payment of RMB17,946 million.

     Capital Expenditure and Capital Commitment

     Our capital expenditures have been incurred primarily in relation to (i) the acquisition of computer equipment and construction of data
     centers relating to our Cloud business and the operation of our mobile platforms and websites; (ii) the acquisition of infrastructure for
     logistics services and direct sales businesses; and (iii) the acquisition of land use rights and construction of corporate campuses and
     office facilities. In fiscal years 2023, 2024 and 2025, our capital expenditures totaled RMB34,330 million, RMB32,087 million and
     RMB85,972 million (US$11,847 million), respectively.

     Our capital commitments primarily relate to capital expenditures contracted for purchase of property and equipment, including the
     construction of corporate campuses. Total capital commitments contracted but not provided for amounted to RMB18,372 million and
     RMB45,321 million (US$6,245 million) as of March 31, 2024 and 2025, respectively.

     We recently announced our plan to invest in our cloud and AI infrastructure. Save as disclosed above, as at the date of this annual
     report, we did not have other detailed future plans for material capital assets.

     Pledge of Assets

     Certain of our bank borrowings are collateralized by a pledge of certain buildings and property improvements, construction in
     progress and land use rights in the PRC, receivables and other treasury investments with carrying values of RMB34,056 million and
     RMB30,213 million (US$4,163 million), as of March 31, 2024 and 2025, respectively. In addition, certain of our payables are
     collateralized by a pledge of certain short-term investments and other treasury investments with carrying values of nil and RMB3,697
     million (US$509 million) as of March 31, 2024 and 2025, respectively.

     Contingent Liabilities

     As at March 31, 2025, we had no material contingent liabilities.




90   Alibaba Group Holding Limited
                                                                          Management Discussion and Analysis



Holding Company Structure and Cash Flows through Our Company
We are a holding company with no operation other than ownership of operating subsidiaries in Chinese mainland, Hong Kong SAR,
and elsewhere that own and operate our marketplaces and other businesses as well as a portfolio of intellectual property rights. As a
result, we rely on dividends and other distributions paid by our operating subsidiaries for our cash and financing requirements,
including the funds necessary to repurchase shares, to pay dividends and other cash distribution to our shareholders, fund inter-
company loans, service outstanding debts and pay our expenses. If our operating subsidiaries incur additional debt on their own, the
instruments governing the debt may restrict the ability of our operating subsidiaries to pay dividends or make other distributions or
remittances, including loans, to us.

Our holding company structure differs from some of our peers in that, although the variable interest entities hold licenses and
approvals and assets for regulated activities that are necessary for our business operations, as well as certain equity interests in
businesses, to which foreign investments are typically restricted or prohibited under applicable PRC law, we hold the significant
majority of assets and operations in our subsidiaries and the significant majority of our revenue is captured directly by our
subsidiaries. Therefore, our subsidiaries directly capture the significant majority of profits and associated cash flow from operations,
without having to rely on contractual arrangements to transfer cash flow from the variable interest entities to our subsidiaries. In fiscal
years 2023, 2024 and 2025, the significant majority of our revenues were generated by our subsidiaries. See “Business Overview —
Organizational Structure” for a description of these contractual arrangements and the structure of our company. Also see “ — Variable
Interest Entity Financial Information” for further financial information of Alibaba Group Holding Limited, the major variable interest
entities and their subsidiaries, our subsidiaries that are, for accounting purposes only, the primary beneficiaries of the major variable
interest entities, and other subsidiaries and consolidated entities.

Investors in our securities, including our ADSs, Shares and notes, should note that, to the extent cash or assets in our business is in the
PRC or a PRC entity, the funds or assets may not be available to fund operations or for other use outside of the PRC due to
interventions in or the imposition of restrictions and limitations on the ability of us or our subsidiaries, or the VIEs by the PRC
government to transfer cash or assets. Under PRC laws and regulations, our PRC subsidiaries are subject to certain restrictions with
respect to paying dividends or otherwise transferring any of their net assets to us. Applicable PRC law permits payment of dividends
to us by our operating subsidiaries in China only out of their retained earnings, if any, determined in accordance with PRC accounting
standards and regulations. Our operating subsidiaries in China are also required to set aside a portion of their net income, if any, each
year to fund general reserves for appropriations until this reserve has reached 50% of the related subsidiary’s registered capital. These
reserves are not distributable as cash dividends. In addition, registered share capital and capital reserve accounts are also restricted
from distribution. As of March 31, 2025, these restricted net assets totaled RMB334.8 billion (US$46.1 billion). See note 25 to our
audited consolidated financial statements included in this annual report. Also see “Risk Factors — Risks Related to Doing Business in
the People’s Republic of China — We rely to a significant extent on dividends, loans and other distributions on equity paid by our
operating subsidiaries in China.” Remittance of dividends by a wholly foreign-owned enterprise out of China is also subject to certain
restrictions on currency exchange or outbound capital flows. See “Risk Factors — Risks Related to Doing Business in the People’s
Republic of China — Regulations on currency exchange or outbound capital flows may limit our ability to utilize our PRC revenue
effectively.”

Under the PRC Enterprise Income Tax Law, a withholding tax of 5% to 10% is generally levied on dividends declared by companies
in China to their non-resident enterprise investors. As of March 31, 2025, we have accrued the withholding tax on substantially all of
the earnings distributable by our subsidiaries in China, except for those being reserved for permanent reinvestment in China of
RMB362.6 billion (US$50.0 billion). See “— Operating Results — Taxation — PRC Withholding Tax.”

We do not have specific cash management policies in place that dictate how funds are transferred between Alibaba Group Holding
Limited, our subsidiaries, the VIEs or our investors. However, we have implemented procedures and control mechanisms to manage
the transfer of funds within our organization to support our business needs and in compliance with applicable laws and regulations.

For the years ended March 31, 2023, 2024 and 2025, Alibaba Group Holding Limited provided capital contributions and loans, and
repaid loans, in the aggregate amounts of RMB32,025 million, RMB74,951 million and RMB94,307 million (US$12,996 million),
respectively, to our subsidiaries, and our subsidiaries provided dividends and loans, and repaid loans, in the aggregate amounts of
RMB112,153 million, RMB193,629 million and RMB175,208 million (US$24,144 million), respectively, to Alibaba Group Holding
Limited.

For the years ended March 31, 2023, 2024 and 2025, our subsidiaries and consolidated entities provided loans and repaid loans, in
the aggregate amounts of RMB21,283 million, RMB17,986 million and RMB29,008 million (US$3,997 million) to the major VIEs
and their subsidiaries, and the major VIEs and their subsidiaries provided loans, repaid loans and paid technical service fees to our
subsidiaries and consolidated entities in the aggregate amounts of RMB14,172 million, RMB25,432 million and RMB38,462




                                                                                                         Fiscal Year 2025 Annual Report       91
     Management Discussion and Analysis


     million (US$5,300 million), respectively. See “ — Variable Interest Entity Financial Information” for classification of cashflow
     detailed in footnotes to the condensed consolidating schedule. We have settled and will continue to settle fees under the contractual
     arrangements with the variable interest entities. For a condensed consolidating schedule of financial information that disaggregates
     the operations and depicts the financial position, cash flows, and results of operations for the same periods for which audited
     consolidated financial statements are required, see “ —Variable Interest Entity Financial Information.” Please also see the
     consolidated financial statements included in this annual report for more financial information.

     For fiscal year 2024, we declared a cash dividend in the amount of US$0.2075 per Share or US$1.66 per ADS, consisting of (i) a
     regular dividend in the amount of US$0.125 per Share or US$1.00 per ADS and (ii) a one-time extraordinary dividend in the amount
     of US$0.0825 per Share or US$0.66 per ADS as a distribution of proceeds from disposition of certain financial investments, for a total
     amount of US$4 billion. For fiscal year 2025, we declared a cash dividend in the amount of US$0.25 per Share or US$2.00 per ADS,
     consisting of (i) a regular dividend in the amount of US$0.13125 per Share or US$1.05 per ADS and (ii) a one-time extraordinary
     dividend of US$0.11875 per Share or US$0.95 per ADS as a distribution of proceeds from disposition of certain businesses and
     financial investments, for a total amount of US$4.6 billion. See “Other Information for Shareholders —Taxation — Material United
     States Federal Income Tax Considerations — Taxation of Dividends.” For tax consequences to U.S. investors, see “Other Information
     for Shareholders —Taxation — Material United States Federal Income Tax Considerations — Taxation of Dividends.” For PRC and
     United States federal income tax considerations of an investment in our ADS, see “Other Information for Shareholders —Taxation.”


     Inflation
     Inflation in China has not materially impacted our results of operations in recent years. Although we have not been materially affected
     by inflation in the past, we can provide no assurance that we will not be affected in the future by higher inflation rates in China.




92   Alibaba Group Holding Limited
                                                                          Management Discussion and Analysis



Recent Accounting Pronouncements
In December 2023, the FASB issued ASU 2023-09, “Income Taxes (Topic 740): Improvements to Income Tax Disclosures,” which
improves income tax disclosures. The amendments require the disclosure of specific categories in the rate reconciliation and additional
information for reconciling items that meet a quantitative threshold. The amendments also require disaggregated information about the
amount of income taxes paid (net of refunds received), Income (or loss) from continuing operations before income tax expense (or
benefit) and Income tax expense (or benefit) from continuing operations. The new guidance is required to be applied either
prospectively or retrospectively. This guidance is effective for us for the year ending March 31, 2026. Early adoption is permitted. We
are evaluating the impact of the adoption of this guidance.

In November 2024, the FASB issued ASU 2024-03, “Income Statement – Reporting Comprehensive Income – Expense
Disaggregation Disclosures (Subtopic 220-40): Disaggregation of Income Statement Expenses” and issued subsequent amendment
within ASU 2025-01. The amendments require disaggregation disclosure for certain expense captions presented on the face of income
statement, as well as additional disclosure about selling expenses. This guidance is effective for us for the year ending March 31, 2028
and interim reporting periods during the year ending March 31, 2029. Early adoption is permitted. We are evaluating the impact of the
adoption of this guidance on our disclosures.

In November 2024, the FASB issued ASU 2024-04, “Debt - Debt with Conversion and Other Options (Subtopic 470-20): Induced
Conversions of Convertible Debt Instruments,” which clarifies the requirements for determining whether certain settlements of
convertible debt instruments should be accounted for as an induced conversion. The amendments also clarify some specific
applications of induced conversion guidance and that the guidance applies to a convertible debt instrument that is not currently
convertible as long as it had a substantive conversion feature as of both its issuance date and the date the inducement offer is accepted.
The new guidance is required to be applied either prospectively or retrospectively. This guidance is effective for us for the year ending
March 31, 2027. Early adoption is permitted. We are evaluating the impact of the adoption of this guidance.

In May 2025, the FASB issued ASU 2025-03, “Business Combinations (Topic 805) and Consolidation (Topic 810): Determining the
Accounting Acquirer in the Acquisition of a Variable Interest Entity,” which requires an entity involved in an acquisition transaction
effected primarily by exchanging equity interests when the legal acquiree is a VIE that meets the definition of a business to consider
specific factors to determine the accounting acquirer and removes the requirement that the primary beneficiary always is the acquirer
for certain transactions. Under the amendments, acquisition transactions in which the legal acquiree is a VIE will, in more instances,
result in the same accounting outcomes as economically similar transactions in which the legal acquiree is a voting interest entity. The
amendments do not change the accounting for a transaction determined to be a reverse acquisition or a transaction in which the legal
acquirer is not a business and is determined to be the accounting acquiree. The new guidance is required to be applied prospectively to
any acquisition transaction that occurs after the initial application date. This guidance is effective for us for the year ending March 31,
2028. Early adoption is permitted. We are evaluating the impact of the adoption of this guidance.




                                                                                                         Fiscal Year 2025 Annual Report       93
     Management Discussion and Analysis



     Research and Development, Patents and Licenses, etc.
     Research and Development

     We have built our core technologies for our online and mobile commerce and cloud businesses in-house. We employ research and
     development personnel to build our technology platform and develop new online and mobile products. We recruit top and experienced
     talent locally and overseas, and we have advanced training programs designed specifically for new campus hires.

     Intellectual Property

     We believe the protection of our trademarks, copyrights, domain names, trade names, trade secrets, patents and other proprietary
     rights is critical to our business. We rely on a combination of trademark, fair trade practice, copyright and trade secret protection laws
     and patent protection in China and other jurisdictions, as well as confidentiality procedures and contractual provisions to protect our
     intellectual property and our trademarks. We also enter into confidentiality and invention assignment agreements with all of our
     employees, and we rigorously control access to our proprietary technology and information. As of March 31, 2025, we had around
     16,300 issued patents and approximately 9,200 publicly filed patent applications in China, and approximately 4,700 issued patents and
     approximately 1,500 publicly filed patent applications in various other countries and jurisdictions globally. We do not know whether
     any of our pending patent applications will result in the issuance of patents or whether the examination process will require us to
     narrow our claims.


     Trend Information
     Other than as disclosed in this annual report, we are not aware of any trends, uncertainties, demands, commitments or events for the
     current fiscal year that are reasonably likely to have a material effect on our net revenues, income, profitability, liquidity or capital
     reserves, or that caused the disclosed financial information to be not necessarily indicative of future operating results or financial
     conditions.




94   Alibaba Group Holding Limited
                                                                          Management Discussion and Analysis



Critical Accounting Estimates
Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates

Our significant accounting policies are set forth in note 2 to our audited consolidated financial statements included in this annual
report. The preparation of our consolidated financial statements requires our management to make estimates and assumptions that
affect the amounts reported in the consolidated financial statements. Our management periodically re-evaluates these estimates and
assumptions based on historical experience and other factors, including expectations of future events that they believe to be reasonable
under the circumstances. The estimates or assumptions related to the impacts of the conflict on economic conditions also require our
significant judgment. We have identified the following accounting policies as the most critical to an understanding of our financial
position and results of operations, because the application of these policies requires significant and complex management estimates,
assumptions and judgment, and the reporting of materially different amounts could result if different estimates or assumptions were
used or different judgments were made.

         Principles of Consolidation

A subsidiary is an entity in which (i) we directly or indirectly control more than 50% of the voting power; or (ii) we have the power to
appoint or remove the majority of the members of the board of directors or to cast a majority of votes at the meetings of the board of
directors or to govern the financial and operating policies of the investee pursuant to a statute or under an agreement among the
shareholders or equity holders. However, there are situations in which consolidation is required even though these usual conditions of
consolidation do not apply. Generally, this occurs when an entity holds an interest in another business enterprise that was achieved
through arrangements that do not involve voting interests, which results in a disproportionate relationship between the entity’s voting
interests in, and its exposure to the economic risks and potential rewards of, the other business enterprise. This disproportionate
relationship results in what is known as a variable interest, and the entity in which we have the variable interest is referred to as a
variable interest entity. We consolidate a variable interest entity if we are determined to be the primary beneficiary of the variable
interest entity for accounting purposes only. The primary beneficiary has both (i) the power to direct the activities of the variable
interest entity that most significantly impact the entity’s economic performance, and (ii) the obligation to absorb losses or the right to
receive benefits from the variable interest entity that could potentially be significant to the variable interest entity.

For the entities that we invested in or are associated with but in which the usual conditions of consolidation mentioned above do not
apply, we continuously re-assess whether these entities possess any of the characteristics of a variable interest entity and whether we
are the primary beneficiary.

We consolidate our subsidiaries and the variable interest entities of which we are the primary beneficiary. On a periodic basis, we
reconsider the initial determination of whether a legal entity is a consolidated entity upon the occurrence of certain events provided in
Accounting Standards Codification (“ASC”) 810 “Consolidation.” We also continuously reconsider whether we are the primary
beneficiary of our affiliated entities as facts and circumstances change.

         Recognition of Revenue

Revenue is principally generated from customer management services, membership fees and value-added services, logistics services,
cloud services, sales of goods and other revenue. Revenue represents the amount of consideration we are entitled to upon the transfer
of promised goods or services in the ordinary course of our activities and is recorded net of VAT. Consistent with the criteria of ASC
606 “Revenue from Contracts with Customers,” we recognize revenue when performance obligations are satisfied by transferring
control of a promised good or service to a customer. For performance obligations that are satisfied at a point in time, we also consider
the following indicators to assess whether control of a promised good or service is transferred to the customer: (i) right to payment, (ii)
legal title, (iii) physical possession, (iv) significant risks and rewards of ownership and (v) acceptance of the good or service. For
performance obligations satisfied over time, we recognize revenue over time by measuring the progress toward complete satisfaction
of a performance obligation.

The application of various accounting principles related to the measurement and recognition of revenue requires us to make judgments
and estimates. Specifically, complex arrangements with non-standard terms and conditions may require relevant contract interpretation
to determine the appropriate accounting treatment, including whether the promised goods and services specified in a multiple element
arrangement should be treated as separate performance obligations. Other significant judgments include determining whether we are
acting as the principal or the agent from an accounting perspective in a transaction.

For multiple element arrangements with customers, which primarily relate to the provision of non-public cloud services, which
include hardware, software licenses, software installation services, application development and maintenance services, significant
judgment is required to determine whether each good and service element is a distinct performance obligation and is separately




                                                                                                         Fiscal Year 2025 Annual Report       95
     Management Discussion and Analysis


     accounted for. To determine whether a performance obligation is distinct, we consider its level of integration, customization,
     interdependence and interrelation with other elements within the arrangement. If an arrangement involves multiple distinct
     performance obligations, each distinct performance obligation is separately accounted for and the total consideration is allocated to
     each performance obligation based on the relative standalone selling prices at contract inception. If directly observable standalone
     selling prices are not available, we need to apply significant judgment and perform assessments on market conditions and entity-
     specific factors to estimate the standalone selling prices for each element. Changes in the estimated standalone selling price may cause
     the amount of revenue to be recognized for each performance obligation to differ, but the total amount of revenue to be recognized
     within a contract should not be affected. We periodically re-assess the standalone selling price of the elements as a result of changes in
     market conditions. Revenue recognition for customer management services on our marketplaces does not require us to exercise
     significant judgment or estimate.

     For certain arrangements, we apply significant judgment in determining whether we are acting as the principal or agent in a
     transaction. We are acting as the principal if we obtain control over the goods and services before they are transferred to customers.
     Generally, when we are primarily obligated in a transaction and are subject to inventory risk or have latitude in establishing prices, or
     have several but not all of these indicators, we act as the principal and record revenue on a gross basis. We act as the agent and record
     the net amount as revenue earned if we do not obtain control over the goods and services before they are transferred to the customers.
     We record customer management revenue generated through third-party marketing affiliate programs on a gross basis when we act as
     the principal. In addition, we report revenue from the sales of goods and revenue generated from certain platforms in which we
     operate as a principal on a gross basis.

              Share-based Compensation Expense and Valuation of the Underlying Awards

              Share-based awards relating to our ordinary shares

     We account for various types of share-based awards granted to the employees, consultants and directors of our company, our affiliates
     and/or certain other companies in accordance with the authoritative guidance on share-based compensation expense. All share-based
     awards granted including RSUs, share options and restricted shares are measured at the grant date based on the fair value of the
     awards and were recognized as an expense over the requisite service period, which is generally the vesting period of the respective
     award, using the accelerated attribution method. Under the accelerated attribution method, each vesting installment of a graded vesting
     award is treated as a separate share-based award, and accordingly each vesting installment is separately measured and attributed to
     expense, resulting in accelerated recognition of share-based compensation expense.

     Determining the fair value of share-based awards requires significant judgment. The fair values of RSUs and restricted shares are
     determined based on the fair value of our ordinary shares. The market price of our publicly traded securities is used as an indicator of
     fair value for our ordinary shares.

     We generally estimate the fair value of share options using the Black-Scholes valuation model, which requires inputs such as the fair
     value of our ordinary shares, risk-free interest rate, expected dividend yield, expected life and expected volatility.

     If the fair value of the underlying equity and any of the assumptions used in the Black-Scholes model changes significantly,
     share-based compensation expense for future awards may differ materially compared with the awards granted previously.

              Share-based awards relating to Ant Group

     Prior to 2023, Junhan and Ant Group granted share-based awards to our employees, and the awards are settled by Junhan or Ant
     Group respectively. See “Major Shareholders and Related Party Transactions — Related Party Transactions — Agreements and
     Transactions Related to Ant Group and Its Subsidiaries — Our Commercial Arrangements with Ant Group and Alipay — Share-based
     Award Arrangements.”

     These awards meet the definition of a financial derivative. The cost relating to these awards is recognized by us and the related
     expense is recognized over the requisite service period in the consolidated income statements with a corresponding credit to additional
     paid-in capital. Subsequent changes in the fair value of these awards are recorded in the consolidated income statements. The expenses
     relating to these awards are remeasured at the fair value on each reporting date until their settlement dates. See note 8(b) to our audited
     consolidated financial statements included in this annual report. Share-based compensation expense will be affected by changes in the
     fair value of awards granted to our employees by Junhan and Ant Group. The fair value of the underlying equity is primarily
     determined based on the contemporaneous valuation report, external information and information obtained from Ant Group. Given
     that the determination of the fair value of underlying equity requires judgment and such fair value is beyond our control, the
     magnitude of the related accounting impact is unpredictable and may affect our consolidated income statements significantly.




96   Alibaba Group Holding Limited
                                                                           Management Discussion and Analysis


Share-based compensation expense of awards relating to our ordinary shares and Ant Group is recorded net of estimated forfeitures in
our consolidated income statements and accordingly is recorded only for those share-based awards that are expected to vest. We
estimate the forfeiture rate based on historical forfeitures of share-based awards and adjust the rate to reflect changes when necessary.
We revise our estimated forfeiture rate if actual forfeitures significantly differ from the initial estimates.

To the extent the actual forfeiture rate is different from what we have anticipated, share-based compensation expense related to these
awards will be different. The expenses associated with these awards will be recognized across the functions in which the award
recipients are employed and may continue to be significant in future periods.

         Recognition of Income Taxes and Deferred Tax Assets/Liabilities

We are mainly subject to income tax in China, but are also subject to taxation on profit arising in or derived from the tax jurisdiction
where our subsidiaries are domiciled and operate outside of China. Income taxes are assessed and determined on an entity basis. There
are transactions (including entitlement to preferential tax treatment and deductibility of expenses) where the ultimate tax determination
is uncertain until the final tax position is confirmed by relevant tax authorities. In addition, we recognize liabilities for anticipated tax
audit issues based on estimates of whether additional taxes could be due. Where the final tax outcome of these matters is different
from the amounts that were initially recorded, the differences will impact the income tax and deferred tax provisions in the period in
which the determination is made.

Deferred income tax is recognized for all temporary differences, carry forward of unused tax credits and unused tax losses, to the
extent that it is probable that taxable profit will be available in the future against which the temporary differences, the carry forward of
unused tax credits and unused tax losses could be utilized. Deferred income tax is provided in full, using the liability method. The
deferred tax assets recognized are mainly related to tax losses carried forward, as well as temporary differences arising from licensed
copyrights, property and equipment, and expenses which are not deductible until paid under the applicable PRC tax laws. We have
also recognized deferred tax liabilities on the undistributed earnings generated by our subsidiaries in China, which are subject to
withholding tax when the subsidiaries resolve to distribute dividends to us. We have also recognized deferred tax for temporary
differences in relation to certain investments in equity method investees, as well as equity securities and other investments. As of
March 31, 2025, we have accrued the withholding tax on substantially all of the distributable earnings of the PRC subsidiaries, except
for those undistributed earnings that we intend to invest indefinitely in the PRC. If the plan to invest the undistributed earnings
indefinitely in the PRC changes or if these funds are in fact distributed outside of China, we would be required to accrue or pay the
withholding tax on some or all of these undistributed earnings and our effective tax rate would be adversely affected.

         Fair Value Determination Related to the Accounting for Business Combinations

A component of our growth strategy has been to acquire and integrate complementary businesses into our ecosystem. We complete
business combinations from time to time that require us to perform purchase price allocations. In order to recognize the acquisition
date amounts of assets acquired and liabilities assumed, mainly consisting of intangible assets and goodwill, as well as the fair value
of any contingent consideration to be recognized, we use valuation techniques such as discounted cash flow analysis and ratio analysis
with reference to comparable companies in similar industries under the income approach, market approach and cost approach. Major
assumptions used in determining the fair value of these intangible assets include future growth rates and weighted average cost of
capital. Most of the valuations of our acquired businesses have been performed by independent valuation specialists under our
management’s supervision. We believe that the estimated fair value assigned to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed are based
on reasonable assumptions and estimates that market participants would use. However, these assumptions are inherently uncertain and
actual results could differ from those estimates.

         Fair Value Determination Related to Financial Instruments Accounted for at Fair Value

We have a significant amount of financial instruments that are categorized within Level 2 and Level 3 according to ASC 820 “Fair
Value Measurement.” The valuations for certain financial instruments categorized within Level 2, such as interest rate swap contracts,
cross currency swap and certain option agreements, are performed based on inputs derived from or corroborated by observable market
data. Convertible and exchangeable bonds that do not have a quoted price are categorized within Level 2 or Level 3, of which the
valuations are generally performed using valuation models such as the binomial model with unobservable inputs including risk-free
interest rate and expected volatility. The valuation of contingent consideration categorized within Level 3 is performed using an
expected cash flow method with unobservable inputs including the probability to achieve the contingencies in connection with the
contingent consideration arrangements. Significant judgment is required to determine the appropriateness of those unobservable
inputs.

Investments in privately held companies for which we elected to record using the measurement alternative are recorded at cost, less
impairment, with subsequent adjustments for observable price changes resulting from orderly transactions for identical or similar
investments of the same issuer. The valuations of these investments are categorized within Level 3, and are estimated based on




                                                                                                          Fiscal Year 2025 Annual Report        97
     Management Discussion and Analysis


     valuation methods using the observable transaction price at the transaction date and considering the rights and obligations of the
     securities and other unobservable inputs including volatility. The determination of whether an observable transaction is orderly and
     whether the investment involved is identical or similar to our investment, and the amount of fair value adjustment requires significant
     judgment.

              Impairment Assessment on Goodwill and Intangible Assets

     We test annually, or whenever events or circumstances indicate that the carrying value of assets exceeds the recoverable amounts,
     whether goodwill and intangible assets have suffered any impairment in accordance with the accounting policy stated in note 2 to our
     audited consolidated financial statements included in this annual report. For the impairment assessment on goodwill, we may first
     perform a qualitative assessment to determine whether quantitative impairment testing of goodwill is necessary. In this assessment, we
     identify the reporting units, consider factors such as macroeconomic conditions, industry and market considerations, overall financial
     performance of the reporting units, and other specific information related to the operations, business plans and strategies of the
     reporting units. Based on the qualitative assessment, if it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than the
     carrying amount, the quantitative impairment test is performed. We may also bypass the qualitative assessment and proceed directly to
     perform the quantitative impairment test. For the quantitative assessment of goodwill impairment, we compare the fair value of each
     reporting unit to its carrying amount, including goodwill. If the fair value of the reporting unit exceeds its carrying amount, goodwill is
     not considered to be impaired. If the carrying amount of a reporting unit exceeds its fair value, the amount by which the carrying
     amount exceeds the reporting unit’s fair value is recognized as impairment.

     For intangible assets other than licensed copyrights, we perform an impairment assessment whenever events or changes in
     circumstances indicate the carrying value of an asset may not be recoverable. These assessments primarily use cash flow projections
     based on financial forecasts prepared by management and an estimated terminal value. The expected growth in revenues and operating
     margin, timing of future capital expenditures, an estimate of weighted average cost of capital and terminal growth rate are based on
     actual and prior year performance and market development expectations. The periods of the financial forecasts generally range from
     three to five years or a longer period if necessary. Judgment is required to determine key assumptions adopted in the cash flow
     projections and changes to key assumptions can significantly affect these cash flow projections and the results of the impairment tests.

              Impairment Assessment on Licensed Copyrights

     We evaluate the program usefulness of licensed copyrights pursuant to the guidance in ASC 920 “Entertainment — Broadcasters,”
     which provides that the rights be reported at the lower of unamortized cost or fair value. When there is a change in the expected usage
     of licensed copyrights, we estimate the fair value of licensed copyrights to determine if any impairment exists. The fair value of
     licensed copyrights is determined by estimating the expected cash flows from advertising and membership fees, less any costs and
     expenses, over the remaining useful lives of the licensed copyrights at the film-group level. Estimates that impact these cash flows
     include anticipated levels of demand for our advertising services and the expected selling prices of advertisements. Judgment is
     required to determine the key assumptions adopted in the cash flow projections and changes to key assumptions can significantly
     affect these cash flow projections and the results of the impairment tests.

              Impairment Assessment on Investments in Equity Method Investees

     We continually review our investments in equity method investees to determine whether a decline in fair value below the carrying
     value is “other-than-temporary.” The primary factors that we consider include:

              •    the severity and length of time that the fair value of the investment is below its carrying value;

              •    the stage of development, the business plan, the financial condition, the sufficiency of funding, the operating
                   performance and the prospects of the investee companies;

              •    the geographic region, market and industry in which the investee companies operate; and

              •    other entity specific information such as recent financing rounds completed by the investee companies and post balance
                   sheet date fair value of the investment.

     Fair value of listed securities is subject to volatility and may be materially affected by market fluctuations. Judgment is required to
     determine the weighting and impact of the abovementioned factors and changes to this determination can significantly affect the
     results of the impairment tests.




98   Alibaba Group Holding Limited
                                                                        Management Discussion and Analysis


         Impairment Assessment on Equity Securities

Equity securities without readily determinable fair values that are accounted for using the measurement alternative are subject to
periodic impairment reviews. Our impairment analysis considers both qualitative and quantitative factors that may have a significant
effect on the fair value of these equity securities. Qualitative factors considered may include market environment and conditions,
financial performance, business prospects, and other relevant events and factors. When indicators of impairment exist, we perform
quantitative assessments of the fair value, which may include the use of market and income valuation approaches and the use of
estimates, which may include discount rates, investees’ liquidity and financial performance, and market data of comparable companies
in similar industries. Judgment is required to determine the appropriateness of the valuation approaches and the weighting and impact
of the abovementioned factors. Changes to this determination can significantly affect the results of the quantitative assessments.

         Depreciation and Amortization

The costs of property and equipment and intangible assets are charged ratably as depreciation and amortization expenses, respectively,
over the estimated useful lives of the respective assets using the straight-line method. We periodically review changes in technology
and industry conditions, asset retirement activity and residual values to determine adjustments to estimated remaining useful lives and
depreciation and amortization rates. Actual economic lives may differ from estimated useful lives. Periodic reviews could result in a
change in estimated useful lives and therefore depreciation and amortization expenses in future periods.




                                                                                                      Fiscal Year 2025 Annual Report      99
      Management Discussion and Analysis



      Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk
      Interest Rate Risk

      Our main interest rate exposure relates to our indebtedness and interest-bearing assets, including cash and cash equivalents, short-term
      investments, restricted cash and other treasury investments. We manage our interest rate exposure with a focus on reducing our overall
      cost of debt and exposure to changes in interest rates. When considered appropriate, we use derivatives, such as interest rate swaps, to
      manage our interest rate exposure.

      As of March 31, 2025, approximately 24% of our total debt (including bank borrowings, unsecured senior notes and convertible
      unsecured senior notes) carries floating interest rates and the remaining 76% carries fixed interest rates. We have entered into various
      agreements with various financial institutions as counterparties to swap a certain portion of our floating interest rate debt to effectively
      become fixed interest rate debt. After taking these interest rate swaps into consideration, approximately 19% of our total debt carries
      floating interest rates and the remaining 81% carries fixed interest rates as of March 31, 2025. All of the abovementioned interest rate
      derivatives are designated as cash flow hedges and we expect these hedges to be highly effective. Certain of our indebtedness carries
      floating interest rates based on SOFR. As a result, the interest expenses associated with these indebtedness will be subject to the
      potential impact of any fluctuation in SOFR. An increase in SOFR could raise our financing costs, which could adversely affect our
      operating results and financial condition, as well as our cash flows. See “Risk Factors — Risks Related to Our Business and Industry
      — We are subject to interest rate risk in connection with our indebtedness.”

      As of March 31, 2024 and 2025, if interest rates increased/decreased by 1%, with all other variables having remained constant, and
      assuming the amount of interest-bearing assets and debts that bear floating interest were outstanding for the entire respective years,
      our profit attributable to equity owners would have been RMB6,010 million and RMB3,750 million (US$517 million) higher/lower,
      respectively, mainly as a result of higher/lower interest income from our cash and cash equivalents, short-term investments and other
      treasury investments. The analysis does not include floating interest rate debts whose interests are hedged by interest rate swaps.

      Foreign Exchange Risk

      Foreign currency risk arises from future commercial transactions, recognized assets and liabilities and net investments in foreign
      operations. Although we operate businesses in different countries and regions, most of our revenue-generating transactions, and a
      majority of our expense-related transactions, are denominated in Renminbi, which is the functional currency of our major operating
      subsidiaries and the reporting currency of our financial statements. When considered appropriate, we enter into hedging activities with
      regard to exchange rate risk.

      The value of the Renminbi against the U.S. dollar and other currencies may fluctuate and is affected by, among other things, changes
      in political and economic conditions and the foreign exchange policy adopted by the PRC government. It is difficult to predict how
      market forces or PRC or U.S. government policy may impact the exchange rate between the Renminbi and the U.S. dollar in the
      future.

      To the extent that we need to convert U.S. dollars into Renminbi for our operations, appreciation of the Renminbi against the U.S.
      dollar would reduce the Renminbi amount we receive from the conversion. Conversely, if we decide to convert Renminbi into U.S.
      dollars for the purpose of share repurchases, paying dividends and other cash distributions to our shareholders, funding inter-company
      loans, servicing outstanding debt and paying our expenses, or for other business purposes, appreciation of the U.S. dollar against the
      Renminbi would reduce the U.S. dollar amounts available to us.




100   Alibaba Group Holding Limited
                                                                          Management Discussion and Analysis


As of March 31, 2024, we had Renminbi-denominated cash and cash equivalents, short-term investments and other treasury
investments of RMB381,326 million and U.S. dollar-denominated cash and cash equivalents, short-term investments and other
treasury investments of US$30,166 million. Assuming we had converted RMB381,326 million into U.S. dollars at the exchange rate
of RMB7.2203 for US$1.00 as of March 29, 2024, our total balance of cash and cash equivalents, short-term investments and other
treasury investments in U.S. dollar would have been US$82,979 million. If the Renminbi had depreciated by 10% against the U.S.
dollar, the balance in U.S. dollar would have been US$78,178 million.

As of March 31, 2025, we had Renminbi-denominated cash and cash equivalents, short-term investments and other treasury
investments that are unrestricted for withdrawal and use of RMB343,220 million and U.S. dollar-denominated cash and cash
equivalents, short-term investments and other treasury investments of US$33,072 million. Assuming we had converted RMB343,220
million into U.S. dollars at the exchange rate of RMB7.2567 for US$1.00 as of March 31, 2025, our total balance of cash and cash
equivalents, short-term investments and other treasury investments in U.S. dollar would have been US$80,369 million. If the
Renminbi had depreciated by 10% against the U.S. dollar, the balance in U.S. dollar would have been US$76,069 million.

Market Price Risk

We are exposed to market price risk primarily with respect to equity securities carried at fair value that are publicly traded. A
substantial portion of our investments in equity method investees are held for long-term appreciation or for strategic purposes, which
are accounted for under equity method and are not subject to market price risk. We are not exposed to commodity price risk. The
sensitivity analysis is determined based on the exposure of equity securities and certain other financial instruments that are carried at
fair value on a recurring basis to market price risk at the end of each reporting period.

In fiscal years 2024 and 2025, if the market price of the respective financial instruments held by us had been 1% higher/lower as of
March 31, 2024 and 2025, these instruments would have been approximately RMB762 million and RMB856 million (US$118
million) higher/lower, respectively, all of which would be recognized as income or loss during the respective period.


Change in our Certifying Accountant
On August 8, 2023 and August 9, 2023, our Audit Committee and board of directors respectively approved the engagement of
PricewaterhouseCoopers Zhong Tian LLP, or PwC Zhong Tian, and the dismissal of PricewaterhouseCoopers, or PwC HK, as our
independent registered public accounting firm for U.S. financial reporting purposes. The decision to change our independent
registered public accounting firm was not made due to any disagreements between PwC HK and us. PwC HK remains our auditor for
the fiscal years ended March 31, 2024 and March 31, 2025 for Hong Kong financial reporting purposes.

The audit report of PwC HK on our consolidated financial statements as of and for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2023 did not
contain an adverse opinion or a disclaimer of opinion, and was not qualified or modified as to uncertainty, audit scope, or accounting
principles.




                                                                                                         Fiscal Year 2025 Annual Report     101
      Management Discussion and Analysis



      Controls and Procedures
      Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures

      We maintain disclosure controls and procedures designed to provide reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed in
      reports filed under the U.S. Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the specified time periods and
      accumulated and communicated to our management, including our chief executive officer and chief financial officer, as appropriate, to
      allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.

      Our management, under the supervision and with the participation of our principal executive officer and our principal financial officer,
      evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) or 15d-15(e) promulgated under
      the U.S. Exchange Act, as of March 31, 2025. Based on that evaluation, our principal executive officer and principal financial officer
      have concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures are effective in ensuring that information required to be disclosed in the
      reports that we file or submit under the U.S. Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods
      specified in the SEC’s rules and forms, and that information required to be disclosed in the reports that we file or submit under the
      U.S. Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our chief executive officer and chief financial
      officer, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.

      Management’s Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting

      Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting as defined in Rules
      13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the U.S. Exchange Act. As required by Rule 13a-15(c) of the U.S. Exchange Act, our management
      conducted an evaluation of our company’s internal control over financial reporting as of March 31, 2025 based on the framework in
      Internal Control – Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission.
      Based on this evaluation, our management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of March 31,
      2025.

      Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections
      of any evaluation of effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting to future periods are subject to the risks that controls
      may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may
      deteriorate.

      Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting

      There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the period covered by this annual report
      that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting.




102   Alibaba Group Holding Limited
                                                                                             Management Discussion and Analysis



Principal Accountant Fees and Services
The following table sets forth the aggregate fees by categories specified below in connection with certain professional services
rendered by our principal accountant for the respective period including any associated or affiliated organizations or entities. We did
not pay any other fees to our auditors during the periods indicated below.

                                                                                                                   Year ended March 31,
                                                                                                        2024                                       2025
                                                                                                                  (in thousands of RMB)
        Audit Fees(1)                                                                                            147,521                                   134,794
        Audit-related Fees(2)                                                                                       8,982                                     7,795
        Tax Fees(3)                                                                                                 2,114                                     6,224
        All Other Fees(4)                                                                                           6,129                                     2,543
        Total                                                                                                    164,746                                   151,356

(1)   “Audit Fees” represents the aggregate fees billed or to be billed for each of the fiscal years listed for professional services rendered by our auditors for the audit of
      our annual financial statements, as well as assistance with and review of documents filed with the SEC and other statutory and regulatory filings.
(2)   “Audit-related Fees” represents the aggregate fees billed in each of the fiscal years listed for the assurance and related services rendered by our auditors that are
      reasonably related to the performance of the audit or review of our financial statements and not reported under “Audit Fees.”
(3)   “Tax Fees” represents the aggregate fees billed in each of the fiscal years listed for the professional tax services rendered by our auditors.
(4)   “All Other Fees” represents the aggregate fees billed in each of the fiscal years listed for services rendered by our auditors other than services reported under
      “Audit Fees,” “Audit-related Fees” and “Tax Fees.”

The policy of our Audit Committee is to pre-approve all audit and non-audit services provided by our principal accountant for the
respective period including any associated or affiliated organizations or entities, including audit services, audit-related services, tax
services and other services as described above, other than those for de minimis services that are approved by the Audit Committee
prior to the completion of the audit.


Significant Changes
Other than as disclosed in this annual report, we are not aware of any significant changes since the date of our audited consolidated
financial statements included in this annual report.




                                                                                                                                    Fiscal Year 2025 Annual Report                103
      Risk Factors

      Summary of Risk Factors
      Investing in our company may involve significant risks. Alibaba Group Holding Limited is a Cayman Islands holding company. It
      does not directly engage in business operations itself. Due to PRC legal restrictions on foreign ownership and investment in certain
      industries, we, similar to all other entities with foreign-incorporated holding company structures operating in our industry in China,
      operate through VIEs our Internet businesses and other businesses in which foreign investment is restricted or prohibited in the PRC.
      The VIEs are incorporated in the PRC and owned by PRC citizens or by PRC entities owned and/or controlled by PRC citizens, and
      not by our company. We have entered into certain contractual arrangements which collectively enable us to exercise effective control
      over the VIEs and realize substantially all of the economic risks and benefits arising from the VIEs. As a result, we include the
      financial results of each of the VIEs in our consolidated financial statements in accordance with U.S. GAAP. Investors in our ADSs
      and Shares are purchasing equity securities of a Cayman Islands holding company rather than equity securities issued by our
      consolidated subsidiaries and the VIEs. See “Business Overview — Organizational Structure” for more details. See “— Risks Related
      to Our Corporate Structure” for risks involving the VIE structure.

      In addition, we face various legal and operational risks and uncertainties as a company based in and primarily operating in China. The
      PRC government has significant authority to oversee and regulate the business operations of a China-based company like us, including
      overseas listing and overseas fundraisings. See “— Risks Related to Doing Business in the People’s Republic of China.”

      A summary of the risk factors is set forth below, you should read this summary together with the detailed risk factors set forth in this
      annual report.

      Risks and uncertainties related to our business and industry include risks and uncertainties associated with the following:
            •     our ability to maintain the trusted status of our ecosystem, and to maintain and improve the network effects of our
                  ecosystems;
            •     our ability to maintain or grow our business, as well as the impact of sustained investment in our business on our margins
                  and net income;
            •     our ability to compete effectively and continue to innovate and adapt to changes in our industry;
            •     our ability to manage the significant management, operational and financial challenges in maintaining and growing our
                  business and operations, and our ability to maintain our culture;
            •     economic conditions, geopolitical tensions and the impact of natural disasters or widespread health epidemics;
            •     national trade or investment policies, barriers to trade or investment and geopolitical conflicts, as well as export control,
                  economic or trade sanctions and the trend towards trade and technology “de-coupling” and “de-risking”;
            •     reputational harm, liabilities and other risks due to business dealings by, or connections of, merchants or consumers on
                  our marketplaces with sanctioned countries or persons;
            •     challenges in expanding our international and cross-border businesses and operations;
            •     risks relating to our acquisitions, investments and alliances, as well as regulatory approval and review requirements for
                  acquisitions;
            •     risks arising from the broad range of evolving laws and regulations that affect our business, including but not limited to,
                  regulations of digital platforms, regulations regarding privacy, data protection and cybersecurity, competition laws,
                  content regulations, and consumer protection laws;
            •     security breaches and cyber-attacks;
            •     alleged pirated, counterfeit or illegal items or content, allegations of infringements of intellectual property rights, and our
                  ability to protect our intellectual property rights;




104   Alibaba Group Holding Limited
                                                                                                                     Risk Factors


      •     material litigation and regulatory proceedings;
      •     our ability to maintain or improve our technology infrastructure, risks relating to the performance, reliability and security
            of the Internet infrastructure and the effect of network and system interruptions;
      •     risks relating to Ant Group and Alipay, including our reliance on Alipay to conduct payment processing and escrow
            services on our marketplaces for a significant majority of our commerce business and our potential conflicts of interests
            with them;
      •     risks relating to a wide range and large number of third-party service providers and ecosystem participants;
      •     our ability to attract, motivate and retain our staff, including key management and experienced and capable personnel;
      •     fraudulent or illegal activities by our employees, business partners and service providers, and the effect of any fraud
            perpetuated and fictitious transactions conducted in our ecosystem;
      •     tax compliance efforts that may affect our merchants;
      •     effects of public scrutiny, or aggressive marketing and communication strategies of our competitors;
      •     quarter-to-quarter fluctuations of our results of operations;
      •     our ability to comply with and the enforcement of the terms of our indebtedness or enforcement of our obligations as a
            guarantor, our ability to raise additional capital and interest rate risks; and
      •     the potential insufficiency of insurance coverage.

Risks and uncertainties related to our corporate structure may arise from the following:
      •     our shareholders’ limited ability to nominate and elect directors;
      •     differences between the interests of the Alibaba Partnership and our shareholders;
      •     anti-takeover provisions in our Articles of Association and provisions of our convertible senior notes discouraging
            acquisitions;
      •     our shareholders do not hold equity securities of our subsidiaries and the VIEs that have substantive business operations in
            China; and
      •     risks and uncertainties relating to the VIE structure, including regulatory risks and uncertainties; limitations of contractual
            arrangements in providing control over the VIEs; potential failure by the VIEs or their equity holders to perform their
            obligations; potential loss of the ability to use, or otherwise benefit from, the licenses, approvals and assets held by the
            VIEs; potential conflicts of interests between us and the equity holders, directors and executive officers of the VIEs; as
            well as potential scrutiny of the contractual arrangements with the VIEs by the PRC tax authority.

Risks and uncertainties related to doing business in the PRC include risks and uncertainties associated with the following:
      •     changes and developments in the political and economic policies of the PRC government, including but not limited to that
            the PRC government may intervene in or influence our operations through adopting and enforcing rules and regulatory
            requirements, which may evolve quickly with little advance notice (see “— Risks Related to Doing Business in the
            People’s Republic of China — There are uncertainties regarding the interpretation and enforcement of PRC laws, rules
            and regulations, and changes in policies, laws, rules and regulations in the PRC could adversely affect us” on page 145
            through 146 of this annual report);
      •     uncertainties regarding the interpretation and enforcement of PRC laws, rules and regulations, including but not limited to
            actions the PRC government may take to exert more oversight and control over offerings that are conducted overseas
            and/or foreign investment in China-based issuers, which could significantly limit or completely hinder our and our
            subsidiaries’ ability to offer securities to investors and cause our securities to decline in value or become worthless (see
            “— Risks Related to Doing Business in the People’s Republic of China — There are uncertainties regarding the
            interpretation and enforcement of PRC laws, rules and regulations, and changes in policies, laws, rules and regulations in
            the PRC could adversely affect us” on page 145 through 146 of this annual report);
      •     PCAOB’s ability to inspect our auditors in relation to their audit work performed for our financial statements and potential
            delisting of our ADSs from the U.S. pursuant to the HFCA Act (see “— Risks Related to Doing Business in the People’s
            Republic of China — The PCAOB had historically been unable to inspect our auditor in relation to their audit work
            performed for our financial statements, and the inability of the PCAOB to conduct inspections over our auditor in the
            future may deprive our investors of the benefits of such inspections” and “— Our ADSs will be delisted and our ADSs




                                                                                                         Fiscal Year 2025 Annual Report       105
      Risk Factors


                  and shares prohibited from trading in the United States under the Holding Foreign Companies Accountable Act, as
                  amended, if the PCAOB is unable to inspect or investigate completely auditors located in China” on page 146 and page
                  147 of this annual report);
            •     PRC regulations relating to investments in offshore companies and employee equity incentive plans (see “— Risks
                  Related to Doing Business in the People’s Republic of China — PRC regulations relating to investments in offshore
                  companies by PRC residents may subject our PRC-resident beneficial owners or our PRC subsidiaries to liability or
                  penalties, limit our ability to inject capital into our PRC subsidiaries or limit our PRC subsidiaries’ ability to increase their
                  registered capital or distribute profits” and “— Any failure to comply with PRC regulations regarding our or our
                  subsidiaries’ employee equity incentive plans may subject the PRC participants in the plans, us or our overseas and PRC
                  subsidiaries to fines and other legal or administrative sanctions” on page 148 and page 148 of this annual report);
            •     our reliance on dividends, loans and other distributions on equity paid by our operating subsidiaries in China, the risk that
                  interventions in or the imposition of restrictions and limitations on the ability of us or our subsidiaries, or the VIEs by the
                  PRC government to transfer cash or assets that are in a business in the PRC or in a PRC entity may limit our ability to
                  fund operations or for other use outside of the PRC and fluctuations in exchange rates (see “— Risks Related to Doing
                  Business in the People’s Republic of China — We rely to a significant extent on dividends, loans and other distributions
                  on equity paid by our operating subsidiaries in China” on page 149 of this annual report);
            •     the possibility that we may be subject to PRC income tax on our global income, and potential discontinuation of
                  preferential tax treatments we currently enjoy (see “— Risks Related to Doing Business in the People’s Republic of China
                  — We may be treated as a resident enterprise for PRC tax purposes under the PRC Enterprise Income Tax Law, and we
                  may therefore be subject to PRC income tax on our global income” on page 149 of this annual report);
            •     the possibility that dividends payable to foreign investors and gains on the sale of our securities by our foreign investors
                  may become subject to PRC taxation, and uncertainties with respect to indirect transfers of equity interests in PRC
                  resident enterprises or other assets attributed to a PRC establishment of a non-PRC company (see “— Risks Related to
                  Doing Business in the People’s Republic of China — Dividends payable to foreign investors and gains on the sale of our
                  ADSs and/ or ordinary shares by our foreign investors may become subject to PRC taxation” on page 149 of this annual
                  report); and
            •     risks relating to the approval, filing or other requirements of PRC regulatory authorities in connection with future issuance
                  of securities overseas (see “— Risks Related to Doing Business in the People’s Republic of China — The approval, filing
                  or other requirements of the CSRC or other PRC regulatory authorities may be required under PRC law in connection
                  with any future issuance of securities overseas, and, if required, we cannot predict whether or for how long we or our
                  subsidiaries will be able to obtain such approval or complete such filing” on page 151 through 152 of this annual report).

      Risks related to our ADSs and Shares include risks and uncertainties associated with the following:
            •     volatilities in the trading prices of our securities, the substantial future sales or perceived potential sales of our securities,
                  the sustainability of active trading markets for our securities, and the conversion of our convertible senior notes as well as
                  the capped call transactions;
            •     changes to our shareholder return initiatives;
            •     different characteristics of the capital markets in Hong Kong and the U.S., and the possibility of a public offering and
                  listing of our equity securities in Shanghai or Shenzhen;
            •     the limited ability of our shareholders and U.S. authorities to bring actions against us;
            •     our exemptions from certain NYSE corporate governance standards and certain disclosure requirements, as well as our
                  different practices as to certain matters compared with many other companies listed in Hong Kong;
            •     potential limitations on the ability of ADS holders to vote, transfer ADSs and receive distributions on our ordinary shares,
                  and our discretionary proxy from the depositary of our ADSs;
            •     the exchange between our Shares and our ADSs that may affect liquidity and/or trading prices of our securities and cause
                  delays;
            •     the possibility that we may be or may become a passive foreign investment company; and
            •     uncertainty as to whether Hong Kong stamp duty will apply to the trading or conversion of our ADSs.

      We discuss the various risks and uncertainties we are subject to in detail below.




106   Alibaba Group Holding Limited
                                                                                                                    Risk Factors



Risks Related to Our Business and Industry
Maintaining the trusted status of our ecosystem is critical to our success and growth, and any failure to do so could severely
damage our reputation and brand, which would have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of
operations and prospects.

We have established a strong brand name and reputation for our ecosystem. Any loss of trust in our ecosystem or platforms could
harm our reputation and the value of our brand, and could result in consumers, merchants, brands, retailers, enterprises and other
participants reducing their levels of activity in our ecosystem, which could materially reduce our revenue and profitability. Our ability
to maintain trust in our ecosystem and platforms is based in large part upon:

             our success in developing and leveraging cutting-edge technology, including AI, to serve our consumers, users and
              customers;

             our ability to attract and retain consumers with superior user experience and the quality, safety, value and functionality
              of products, services and content available through our ecosystem;

             our ability to deliver value to brands, merchants and enterprises and empower them to thrive on our platforms;

             the reliability, stability and integrity of our company, platforms, systems and services, as well as of the merchants,
              software developers, logistics providers, service providers and other participants in our ecosystem;

             the safety, security and integrity of the data on our systems, and those of other participants in our ecosystem;

             the manner in which we and other participants in our ecosystem collect, process, store and utilize user data, and changes
              in the related regulations and user expectations;

             the effectiveness and fairness of rules governing our marketplaces, various platforms and overall ecosystem;

             the strength of our measures to protect consumers and intellectual property rights owners; and

             our ability to provide reliable and trusted services, such as the payment and escrow services operated by us or through
              our arrangements with Alipay or other partners.

As our businesses operate more independently, failure by any of our businesses to establish and maintain its own trusted brand could
also harm the value of our brand name and reputation of our ecosystem.

We may not be able to maintain or grow our business.

Our ability to continue to grow in the future depends on a number of factors, including the number and engagement of consumers on
our platforms, the value that our businesses are able to offer to our customers, our data and technology capabilities and our ability to
attract and retain cloud infrastructure customers. See “Management Discussion and Analysis — Operating Results — Factors
Affecting Our Results of Operations — Our Ability to Create Value for Our Users and Generate Revenue.” Our growth is also
affected by competition and other factors that may not be within our control, including the macroeconomic environment, inflation,
deflation, disruptions to the economy and business operations from pandemics, natural disasters, armed conflicts or other events, as
well as the geopolitical landscape and government policies. Furthermore, due to the size and scale we have achieved, our businesses
may not continue to grow as quickly or at all.




                                                                                                        Fiscal Year 2025 Annual Report      107
      Risk Factors


      We are exploring and will continue to explore in the future new business initiatives, including in industries and markets in which we
      have limited or no experience, as well as new business models, that may be untested. Developing new businesses, initiatives and
      models requires significant investments of time and resources, and may increase our costs and present new and difficult technological,
      operational and regulatory challenges. We may encounter difficulties or setbacks in the execution of various growth strategies and our
      growth strategies may not generate the returns we expect within the timeframe we anticipate, or at all. For example, we are making
      significant investments in cloud computing and artificial intelligence (AI) infrastructure to capture AI-driven growth opportunities.
      However, the development and use of AI technologies are complex and involve significant costs and risks. There can be no assurance
      that our investments in and usage of AI will achieve the operating results, financial returns or other benefits we anticipated, or that
      market demand for AI will increase as we expected. AI systems may have limitations, including biases and errors, and give rise to
      additional risks of system failures and disruptions and risks relating to cybersecurity, privacy, intellectual property and ethics that
      could result in losses, disputes or litigations. Furthermore, the legal regulatory regime relating to AI is developing in many
      jurisdictions. For example, the EU AI Act, which entered into force on August 1, 2024, imposes rigorous compliance requirements on
      AI models and tools based on their risk classification under the Act, including prohibiting certain AI systems. Non-compliance with
      the EU AI Act could result in significant consequences, including fines of up to EUR35 million or 7% of global annual turnover.
      These rules and similar rules or regulations that may be imposed by other jurisdictions in the future could significantly increase our
      compliance costs, require us to modify our technologies and business practices, prevent or limit our use of AI in certain circumstances
      or result in regulatory investigations, fines and penalties.

      Growing our existing and new businesses also involves risks and challenges that may materially and adversely affect our business and
      financial condition. For example, our direct sales and local services businesses face risks relating to product quality assurance,
      inventory procurement and management, such as failure to stock sufficient inventory to meet demands or additional costs or write-offs
      resulting from overstocking, supply chain management, relationships with suppliers, accounts receivable and related potential
      impairment charges, potential labor disputes, worker safety, minimum wage and social insurance requirements, including offering
      minimum wage and providing social insurance for delivery workers. Since 2023, our AIDC Group has launched new consignment
      models where our platform is involved in price setting, marketing, payment, logistics, customer support and returns for products
      provided by the merchants. This model could be subject to increased scrutiny by regulators on pricing and other practices, and
      regulators may view our platform as jointly liable with the merchants if the products provided by the merchants on our platforms fail
      to meet regulatory requirements or otherwise infringe upon consumers’ legitimate rights. Moreover, this new model may not be well
      received by our merchants and may lead to loss of merchants on our platforms, which could adversely affect our business and results
      of operations. Our cloud business also faces technology challenges and challenges related to supply of advanced chips and computing
      power, data center capacity, data protection and privacy, cybersecurity and systems security, service disruptions, delays, failures or
      other service quality issues which may significantly harm our ability to upgrade our technological capability and attract and retain
      customers, and materially and adversely affect our growth prospects and results of operations.

      If we are unable to compete effectively, our business, financial condition and results of operations would be materially and
      adversely affected.

      Our businesses face increasingly intense competition in different industries, principally from established Chinese Internet companies
      and their respective affiliates, global and regional e-commerce players, cloud computing service providers, logistics service providers
      and digital media and entertainment providers, some of which may also be our customers, service providers or business partners.
      These areas of our business are subject to rapid market change, the introduction of new business models, and the entry of new and
      well-funded competitors. Increased investments made and lower prices offered by our competitors may require us to divert significant
      managerial, financial and human resources in order to remain competitive or to give up business opportunities to maintain our
      profitability, and ultimately may reduce our market share and negatively impact the revenue and profitability of our business. See also
      “Business Overview — Competition.”

      Our ability to compete depends on a number of other factors as well, some of which may be beyond our control, including alliances,
      acquisitions or consolidations within our industries that may result in stronger competitors, technological advances, shifts in customer
      preferences and changes in the regulatory environment in the markets we operate. Existing and new competitors may leverage their
      experience, client relationships or resources, including those gained through collaborative relationships with us, in ways that could
      affect our competitive position, including by making acquisitions, continuing to invest heavily in research and development and in
      talent, introducing innovative business models or technologies, and launching highly engaging content, products or services to attract a
      large user base, increase user engagement, monetize traffic and achieve rapid growth, which may make it more challenging for us to
      acquire, retain and engage consumers, users and customers and materially and adversely affect our business expansion and results of
      operations.




108   Alibaba Group Holding Limited
                                                                                                                   Risk Factors


In addition, if international players gain greater access to the China market, certain of our businesses, such as our e-commerce
business, cloud business and digital media and entertainment business, could be subject to greater competition and pricing pressure,
which could reduce our margins or otherwise negatively affect our results of operations. For example, starting from April 2024,
international cloud service providers are able to apply for Internet Data Center (IDC) in China, which may introduce greater
competition in the cloud industry in China. As we acquire new businesses and expand into new industries and sectors, we face
competition from major players in these industries and sectors. Moreover, as we continue to expand into markets outside of China, we
increasingly face competition from domestic and international players operating in these markets, as well as potential geopolitical
tensions, regulatory challenges and protectionist policies that may support domestic players in those markets. See “— We face
challenges in expanding our international and cross-border businesses and operations.”

If we are not able to compete effectively, the level of economic activity and user engagement in our ecosystem may decrease and our
market share and profitability may be negatively affected, which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial
condition and results of operations, as well as our reputation and brand.

If we are not able to continue to innovate or if we fail to adapt to changes in our industry, our business, financial condition and
results of operations would be materially and adversely affected.

Our industries are characterized by rapidly changing technology, evolving industry standards, new mobile apps and protocols, new
products and services, new media and entertainment content, including user-generated content, and changing user demands and trends.
Furthermore, our domestic and international competitors are continuously developing innovations, including in AI, personalized
search and recommendation, online shopping and marketing, communications, social networking, cloud computing, entertainment,
logistics and other services. As a result, we continue to invest significant resources in our infrastructure, research and development and
other areas in order to enhance our businesses and operations, as well as to explore new growth strategies and introduce new high-
quality products and services. Our investments in innovations and new technologies, which may be significant, may not increase our
competitiveness or generate financial returns in the short term, or at all, and we may not be successful in adopting and implementing
new technologies, such as generative AI which has recently attracted prominent attention.

We have been pursuing our “user first, AI-driven” strategy, significantly expanding our investment in developing infrastructure for AI
and cloud computing as well as integrating AI across our businesses. AI and cloud computing markets are highly competitive and
rapidly evolving, and it is uncertain that our investments will increase our competitiveness or generate expected returns. Our ability to
offer AI-related products and services and to deploy AI technologies across our businesses depend on the availability and pricing of
third-party equipment, computing power and other infrastructure operating costs. In particular, the restrictions on the supply of chips,
computing power and other technologies of services to China and China-based companies, including us, imposed or to be imposed by
the United States and other countries affect our ability to upgrade our technological capabilities or maintain our competitive edge. See
“— Export control, economic or trade sanctions and a heightened trend towards trade and technology “de-coupling” and “de-risking”
could negatively affect our business operations and subject us to regulatory investigations, fines, penalties or other actions and
reputational harm, which could materially and adversely affect our competitiveness and business operations, as well as the trading
prices of our ADSs, Shares and/or other securities.” Additionally, other companies may develop products and technologies that are
similar or superior to our technologies or more cost-effective. Our failure to capture the growth opportunities in the AI era could
negatively affect our business and prospects.

The changes and developments taking place in our industry may also require us to re-evaluate our business model and adopt
significant changes to our long-term strategies and business plans. Our failure to innovate and adapt to these changes and
developments in a timely manner could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
Even if we timely innovate and adopt changes in our strategies and plans, we may nevertheless fail to realize the anticipated benefits
of these changes or even generate lower levels of revenue as a result.

Sustained investment in our businesses and our focus on long-term performance and maintaining the health of our ecosystem may
negatively affect our margins and our net income.

We focus on the long-term interests of the participants in our ecosystem. We have made, and will continue to make, significant
investments in our platforms and ecosystem, including but not limited to, investing in organic development and incubating new
businesses, enhancing consumer experience and user engagement, supporting merchants and acquiring and retaining users, expanding
our offerings, entering into new markets, as well as enhancing our technology, logistics, supply chain and other long-term capabilities.
Although we believe these investments are crucial to our success and future growth, they will have the effect of increasing our costs
and lowering our margins and profit, and this effect may be significant in the short term and potentially over longer periods. For
example, we recently announced our plan to invest at least RMB380 billion over the next three years to advance our cloud computing
and AI infrastructure. Such investments could negatively affect our cash flow and reduce our profitability and may not achieve our
business objectives or anticipated returns. Certain of our businesses may have negative margins or margins that are lower than what
our China commerce retail business has enjoyed in the past. For example, certain of our businesses, including international commerce,




                                                                                                        Fiscal Year 2025 Annual Report       109
      Risk Factors


      local services and digital media and entertainment, have incurred, and may continue to incur, losses. There can be no assurance that
      these investments will be able to generate the growth, monetization enhancement or profitability that we expect. Many of our
      businesses that are currently loss making may not turn profitable at our expected timing or at our expected scale, or at all.

      We may not be able to maintain and improve the network effects of our ecosystem, which could negatively affect our business and
      prospects.

      Our ability to maintain a healthy and vibrant ecosystem that creates strong network effects among consumers, merchants, brands,
      retailers, enterprises and other participants is critical to our success. The extent to which we are able to maintain and strengthen these
      network effects depends on our ability to:

                   offer secure and open platforms for all participants and balance the interests of these participants;

                   provide a wide range of high-quality product, service and content offerings to consumers;

                   attract and retain a wide range of consumers, merchants, brands and retailers;

                   provide effective technologies, infrastructure and services that meet the evolving needs of consumers, merchants,
                    brands, retailers, enterprises and other ecosystem participants;

                   arrange secure and trusted payment settlement and escrow services;

                   comply with legal requirements and address user concerns with respect to data security and privacy;

                   improve our logistics data platform and coordinate fulfillment and delivery services with logistics service providers;

                   attract and retain third-party service providers that are able to provide quality services on commercially reasonable
                    terms to our merchants, brands, retailers, enterprises and other ecosystem participants;

                   maintain the quality of our customer service and user experience; and

                   continue adapting to the changing demands of the market.

      In addition, changes we make to our current operations to enhance and improve our ecosystem or to comply with regulatory
      requirements may be viewed positively from one participant group’s perspective, such as consumers, but may have negative effects
      from another group’s perspective, such as merchants. If we fail to balance the interests of all participants in our ecosystem, consumers,
      merchants, brands, retailers, enterprises and other participants may spend less time, mind share and resources on our platforms and
      may conduct fewer transactions or use alternative platforms, any of which could result in a material decrease in our revenue and net
      income.

      As our businesses operate more independently, including making independent business decisions regarding customers and service
      providers, the network effect of our ecosystem may be adversely affected.

      Our failure to manage the significant management, operational and financial challenges involved in maintaining and growing our
      business and operations could harm us.

      Our businesses have become increasingly complex as the scale, diversity and geographic coverage of our businesses and our
      workforce continue to expand through both organic growth and acquisitions. The complexity and scale of our operations require us to
      effectively allocate resources among our various businesses and oversee the operations of our various businesses, including in the
      areas of capital management and compliance and risk management, placing a significant strain on our management, operational and
      financial resources. We have and, from time to time, may continue to implement organizational changes to align with our strategy and
      improve our operations. However, organizational changes may be disruptive to our businesses, incur substantive time, resources and
      costs and divest our management’s attention, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results
      of operations and prospects. Moreover, the current and planned staffing, systems, policies, procedures and controls of our businesses
      may not be adequate to support their future operations. To effectively manage continuing expansion and growth of their operations
      and workforce, our businesses will need to continue to improve their personnel management, transaction processing, operational and
      financial systems, policies, procedures and controls, particularly as our businesses operate more independently. These efforts will
      require significant managerial, financial and human resources. If we are not able to effectively oversee our businesses or if any of our




110   Alibaba Group Holding Limited
                                                                                                                    Risk Factors


businesses fails to manage its operations, expansion and growth effectively, our business, financial condition, results of operations and
prospects may be materially and adversely affected.

We may not be able to maintain our culture, which has been a key to our success.

Since our founding, our culture has been defined by our mission, vision and values, and we believe that our culture has been critical to
our success. In particular, our culture has helped us serve the long-term interests of our customers, attract, retain and motivate
employees and create value for our shareholders. We face a number of challenges that may affect our ability to sustain our corporate
culture, including:

             failure to identify, attract, promote and retain people who share our culture, mission, vision and values in leadership
              positions;

             retirements and departures of founders, executives and members of the Alibaba Partnership, and failure to execute an
              effective management succession plan;

             challenges of effectively incentivizing and motivating employees, including members of senior management, and in
              particular those who have gained a substantial amount of personal wealth related to share-based awards;

             organizational changes and the increasing size, complexity, geographic coverage and cultural diversity of our businesses
              and workforce;

             challenges in managing an expansive, diverse and changing workforce, in providing effective training to this workforce,
              and in promoting a culture of compliance with laws and regulations and preventing misconduct among our employees
              and participants in our ecosystem;

             competitive pressures to move in directions that may divert us from our mission, vision and values;

             the pressure from the public markets to focus on short-term results instead of long-term value creation; and

             the increasing need to develop expertise in new growth areas, such as AI-driven technology and global e-commerce.

If we are not able to maintain our culture or if our culture fails to deliver the long-term results we expect to achieve, our reputation,
business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects could be materially and adversely affected. As our businesses operate
more independently, if they are not able to develop and sustain their independent and cohesive culture, their ability to recruit talents,
their business operations and financial performance could be negatively affected.

Our business operations and financial position may be materially and adversely affected by economic conditions in China and
globally.

Our revenue and net income are impacted to a significant extent by economic conditions in China and globally, as well as economic
conditions specific to our business. The global economy, markets and levels of spending by businesses and consumers are influenced
by many factors beyond our control, including geopolitical tension and conflicts, fiscal and monetary policies, inflation and deflation
risks, instability in the financial system, armed conflicts, energy crisis and pandemics and other natural disasters. An economic
disruption or downturn or a decrease in economic growth, whether actual or perceived, or an otherwise uncertain economic outlook in
any market in which we operate could have a material adverse effect on business and consumer spending and, as a result, adversely
affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.

In recent years, tensions between and among the United States, China and other countries have resulted in economic uncertainties,
trade, territorial and security disputes and conflicts, including armed conflicts. See also “— Changes in national trade or investment
policies and barriers to trade or investment, and any ongoing geopolitical conflict, may have an adverse effect on our business and
expansion plans, and could lead to the delisting of our securities from U.S. exchanges and/or other restrictions or prohibitions on
investing in our securities.” The Russia-Ukraine conflict has resulted in significant disruptions to supply chains, logistics and business
activities in the region that have negatively affected our international commerce business and Cainiao’s international logistics
business, negatively impacting the number of orders and revenue of AliExpress and Cainiao and increasing the operating costs of
Cainiao. The conflict has also caused, and continues to intensify, significant geopolitical tensions in Europe and across the globe. The
resulting sanctions imposed have significant impacts on the economic conditions of the countries and markets targeted by such
sanctions, and may have unforeseen, unpredictable secondary effects on global energy prices, supply chains and other aspects of the
global economy, which increases logistics costs and negatively affects our business operations, such as Cainiao.




                                                                                                        Fiscal Year 2025 Annual Report       111
      Risk Factors


      In addition, because we hold a significant amount of cash and cash equivalents, short-term investments and other treasury investments,
      if financial institutions and issuers of financial instruments that we hold become insolvent or sanctioned or if the market for these
      financial instruments become illiquid as a result of a severe economic downturn or any other reason, our business and financial
      condition could be materially and adversely affected. For example, in March 2023, Silicon Valley Bank was closed by the California
      Department of Financial Protection and Innovation, and in the same month, each of Signature Bank and Silvergate Capital Corp. were
      swept into receivership, followed by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation’s announcement of the closing of First Republic Bank
      in May 2023. The failure of these banks resulted in an insignificant amount of asset impairment on our balance sheet for fiscal year
      2023. If any similar event happens in the future, our business and financial condition might be affected.

      Changes in national trade or investment policies and barriers to trade or investment, and any ongoing geopolitical conflict, may
      have an adverse effect on our business and expansion plans, and could lead to the delisting of our securities from U.S. exchanges
      and/or other restrictions or prohibitions on investing in our securities.

      Changes in national trade and investment laws and policies, treaties and tariffs, fluctuations in exchange rates and barriers to trade by
      the United States, China or other countries where Alibaba’s businesses operate have and could negatively affect our financial
      condition and results of operations. Conflicting regulatory requirements could also increase our compliance costs and subject us to
      regulatory scrutiny. Moreover, rising geopolitical tensions or a trade war, or news, speculations and rumors of any escalation, could
      affect activity levels within our ecosystem and thereby have a material and adverse effect on our business, results of operations, and/or
      the trading prices of our ADSs, Shares and/or other securities. Changes in national investment laws and policies and barriers to cross-
      border investment, such as any restrictions imposed by the United States or other countries on capital flows into China or China-based
      companies, may result in the delisting of our securities from U.S. exchanges, require investors to divest our securities, prevent
      potential investors from investing in us and limit our ability to raise capital, and the trading prices and liquidity of our ADSs, Shares
      and/or other securities may suffer as a result.

      In recent years, international market conditions and the international regulatory environment have been increasingly affected by
      competition among countries and geopolitical frictions. In particular, the U.S. government has advocated for and taken steps towards
      restricting trade in certain goods, particularly from China. More recently, the U.S. government has imposed a wide range of tariffs at
      varying levels, including in particular tariffs on Chinese imports, and many countries have taken retaliating measures. Trade
      negotiations between the United States and China and other countries remain fluid. Significant uncertainties around trade negotiations
      have negatively impacted, and may continue to negatively affect trade, and a wide range of industries that rely on trade, including
      manufacturing, retail sales and logistics, as well as business and consumer confidence more broadly. Such negative effects have
      adversely impacted, and future changes in the trade policies of the United States or other countries, particularly increases in tariffs on
      Chinese imports or additional restrictions on Chinese import, could also materially and adversely affect our business operations and
      financial results, in particular our international and cross-border businesses. Furthermore, the U.S. Department of Commerce Bureau
      of Industry and Security has announced that it is developing the ICTS Class Rule: Cloud Computing and Data Center Products and
      Services notice of proposed rulemaking to place controls on cloud computing products and services and data center products and
      services provided by China-based companies in the U.S. market, which could limit or restrict our Cloud Intelligence Group’s access to
      the U.S. market.

      In addition, the United States has been considering ways to limit U.S. investment portfolio flows into China. For example, in
      November 2023, the Federal Retirement Thrift Investment Board changed the benchmark for its international fund to an index that
      excludes Chinese mainland and Hong Kong. China-based companies, including us and our related entities, may become subject to
      executive orders or other regulatory actions that may, among others, prohibit U.S. investors from investing in these companies or
      delist the securities of these companies from U.S. exchanges. As a result, U.S. and certain other persons may be prohibited from
      investing in the securities of our company or our related entities, whether or not they are listed on U.S. exchanges, and holders of our
      debt and equity securities may be required or forced to divest, which could result in significant loss to them. Since 2020, the U.S.
      administration has issued executive orders prohibiting investments by any U.S. persons in publicly traded securities of certain Chinese
      companies that are deemed owned or controlled by the Chinese military and Chinese defense and surveillance technology companies.
      As a result, the American depositary shares of China Telecom Corporation Limited, China Mobile Limited and China Unicom (Hong
      Kong) Limited were delisted from the NYSE. In October 2024, the U.S. Treasury Department issued the Outbound Investment Rule
      establishing a new national security regulatory framework restricting outbound investment from the United States in Chinese
      companies operating in semiconductor and microelectronics, quantum information technologies, and AI systems industries, or the
      covered foreign persons. The Outbound Investment Rule, which took effect on January 2, 2025, imposes obligations on U.S. persons,
      either prohibiting, or requiring notification to the U.S. government concerning certain transactions, including among others,
      acquisitions of equity interests or provision of certain debt financing to covered foreign persons (other than investment in publicly
      traded securities), brownfield or greenfield investment in China, and entry into a joint venture with a covered foreign person. The
      Outbound Investment Rule has created substantial uncertainty around the ability of U.S. investors to invest in us or our subsidiaries,
      which could increase our cost of capital or prevent us from raising sufficient capital when needed and materially and adversely affect
      our business, financial condition and prospects. The Outbound Investment Rule is new, and there is substantial uncertainty as to how
      this regulation will be interpreted, applied or enforced. It is also possible that the U.S. government may expand the sectors and




112   Alibaba Group Holding Limited
                                                                                                                       Risk Factors


technologies subject to the Outbound Investment Rule or adopt additional laws or regulations to further restrict outbound investment
from the United States to or relating to China. For example, in February 2025, the U.S. administration issued the America First
Investment Policy pursuant to which the U.S. administration could take further actions to restrict the flow of U.S. capital and
technology to China. Geopolitical tensions between China and the United States may intensify and the United States may adopt even
more drastic measures in the future. For example, the U.S. administration recently indicated that it may consider delisting securities of
Chinese companies from U.S. exchanges, and the risks and uncertainties associated with delisting of our securities from the NYSE
have had and may continue to have a negative impact on the price of our ADSs and Shares. See also “— Risks Related to Doing
Business in the People’s Republic of China — Our ADSs will be delisted and our ADSs and shares prohibited from trading in the
United States under the Holding Foreign Companies Accountable Act, as amended, if the PCAOB is unable to inspect or investigate
completely auditors located in China.”

On the other hand, China has issued regulations to give itself the ability to unilaterally nullify the effects of certain foreign restrictions
that are deemed to be unjustified to Chinese individuals and entities. The Rules on Counteracting Unjustified Extra-territorial
Application of Foreign Legislation and Other Measures provide that, among others, Chinese individuals or entities are required to
report to the MOFCOM within 30 days if they are prohibited or restricted from engaging in normal business activities with third-party
countries or their nationals or entities due to non-Chinese laws or measures; and the MOFCOM, following the decision of the relevant
Chinese authorities, may issue prohibition orders contravening such non-Chinese laws or measures. Furthermore, the Anti-foreign
Sanctions Law prohibits any organization or individual from implementing or providing assistance in implementation of
discriminatory restrictive measures taken by any foreign state against the citizens or organizations of China. In addition, all
organizations and individuals in China are required to implement the retaliatory measures taken by relevant departments of the State
Council of the PRC. On March 23, 2025, the State Council promulgated the Regulations on Implementing the Anti-foreign Sanctions
Law, which further clarifies the scope of application of the law, the countermeasures, enforcement authorities and penalties for
violating the Anti-foreign Sanctions Law. There exist high uncertainties as to how such regulations will be interpreted and
implemented and how they would affect our business, results of operations or the trading prices of our ADSs, Shares and/or other
securities.

Export control, economic or trade sanctions and a heightened trend towards trade and technology “de-coupling” and “de-risking”
could negatively affect our business operations and subject us to regulatory investigations, fines, penalties or other actions and
reputational harm, which could materially and adversely affect our competitiveness and business operations, as well as the trading
prices of our ADSs, Shares and/or other securities.

The United Nations and a number of countries and jurisdictions, including China, the United States and the EU, have adopted various
export control and economic or trade sanction regimes. In particular, the U.S. government and other governments have increasingly
threatened and/or imposed export control, economic, trade and other sanctions, trade embargoes, investment prohibitions or restriction
and other heightened regulatory requirements on a number of China-based companies through various entity or sanction lists or other
manners for a number of reasons, such as alleged engagement or involvement in sale, procurement, transfer or development of cutting-
edge or emerging technologies, “dual-use” commercial technologies, advanced computing chips or in other activities that could be
used for surveillance, human rights violations, military or adversarial purposes or otherwise harm or threaten such jurisdictions’
national security or interests or in other activities that could be deemed to violate export control regulations. For example, in April
2023, certain U.S. senators called for the imposition of sanctions on Chinese cloud companies, including Alibaba Cloud. It is possible
that the United States or other jurisdictions may further impose, or threaten to impose, similar or heightened measures against,
including adding to the various entity and sanctions lists, more China-based companies including us for similar or other reasons. These
regulatory measures and requirements could (1) prohibit or restrict firms from selling, exporting, re-exporting or transferring certain
technology, components, software and other items to China-based companies, (2) prohibit or restrict persons from entering into
transactions or cooperation with China-based companies, (3) prohibit or restrict China-based companies from acquiring advanced
computing chips or related services, accessing, transferring or storing data, providing services in or operating in the sanctioning
jurisdiction, (4) prohibit collaborative research in AI and other areas between China and the United States, or (5) prohibit purchases
and sale of securities of China-based companies, among other prohibitions or restrictions. For example, since 2022, the U.S.
Department of Commerce’s Bureau of Industry and Security has released a series of measures restricting the export to China of
advanced computing chips, advanced semiconductors, supercomputer technology, semiconductor manufacturing equipment, and
components and technology for the manufacturing in China of certain semiconductor manufacturing equipment. In April 2025, U.S.
chip company Nvidia disclosed that the U.S. government had imposed export restrictions on its H20 AI chips to China. Furthermore,
the U.S. Department of Commerce’s Bureau of Industry and Security, or the BIS, established the AI Diffusion Framework and issued
the Foundry Due Diligence Rule in January 2025, imposing a quota on exports of advanced computing items to countries other than
the closest U.S. allies and enhancing foundry due diligence requirements. Although the Trump administration rescinded the AI
Diffusion Framework in May 2025, it may replace it with similar or more restrictive rules, which could reduce China’s access to
advanced computing items through third countries. Japan and the Netherlands issued similar regulations restricting the export of
advanced chip-manufacturing equipment, which further curbed China’s and China-based companies’ access to chip technologies. In
September 2024, the U.S. House of Representatives passed the Remote Access Security Act, which, if enacted into law, would further
restrict China-based companies’ access to computing resources of service providers powered by advanced U.S. chips. The United




                                                                                                           Fiscal Year 2025 Annual Report        113
      Risk Factors


      States and other countries may impose other and more expansive restrictions on the supply of chips, computing power or other
      technologies or services to China and China-based companies, including us, in the future. Any restrictions on the supply of or our
      access to chips, computing power or other technologies or services that may apply to us or our service providers or business partners
      could materially and adversely affect Cloud Intelligence Group’s ability to offer products and services based on advanced computing
      chips and computing power, perform under existing contracts and expand its business. Such restrictions also affect our businesses
      more generally by limiting our ability to upgrade our products and services, technological capabilities, in particular AI technologies,
      and to maintain our competitive edge, thereby negatively affecting our results of operations, financial condition and growth potential.
      On the other hand, in May 2023, the Cyberspace Administration of China stated that certain U.S. memory chip manufacturer posed
      national security risks and banned the use of its products from key infrastructure projects in China.

      In addition, China-based companies, if targeted under U.S. economic sanctions, may lose access to the U.S. markets and the U.S.
      financial system, including the ability to use U.S. dollars to conduct transactions, settle payments or to maintain correspondent
      accounts with U.S. financial institutions. U.S. entities and individuals may not be permitted to do business with sanctioned companies
      and persons, and international banks and other companies may as a matter of law and/or policy decide not to engage in transactions
      with such companies. Moreover, certain reports have suggested that the U.S. government may use its influence to block Chinese
      financial institutions from using the SWIFT network that enables financial institutions to send and receive information about financial
      transactions, which may in turn adversely affect the ability of China-based companies to access international payment, clearance and
      settlement networks.

      These restrictions or sanctions, and similar or more expansive restrictions or sanctions that may be imposed by the United States or
      other jurisdictions in the future, whether directed against us, our affiliates, including Ant Group, or our service providers or our
      business partners, may materially and adversely affect our and our technology partners’ abilities to acquire technologies, systems,
      devices, components or computing capacities that may be critical to our technology infrastructure, service offerings and business
      operations, and thereby negatively affecting our ability to offer products and services (including those based on advanced computing
      chips and AI technologies) as well as our ability to continue to enhance our technological capabilities. As a result of heightened
      restrictions, we and our technology partners may be forced to develop equivalent technologies or components, or obtain equivalent
      technologies or components from sources outside the United States. We and they may not be able to do so in a timely manner and on
      commercially favorable or acceptable terms, or at all. These restrictions, sanctions, or other prohibitions could negatively affect our
      and our technology partners’ abilities to recruit and retain research and development talent or conduct technological collaboration with
      scientists and research institutes in the United States, Europe or other countries, which could significantly harm our competitiveness,
      as well as increase our compliance costs and risks. These restrictions, sanctions, or other prohibitions could also require us to divest
      certain of our businesses and assets and restrict our ability to operate in the United States or other jurisdictions. For example, U.S.
      entities and individuals with whom we have existing contractual or other relationships may be prohibited from continuing to do
      business with us, including performing their obligations under agreements involving our supply chain, logistics, software
      development, cloud services and other products and services.

      On the other hand, China has also imposed export control restrictions on certain goods, technologies and services, such as dual-use
      items and rare earths. Some of our technologies could fall within the scope of technologies subject to such export restriction. In
      addition, according to the PRC Export Control Law, we, our affiliates and business partners may also be required to obtain licenses,
      permits and governmental approvals to export certain goods, technologies and services. We, as an e-commerce platform, may also
      need to report suspicious violations related to such exports and are prohibited from knowingly providing services to export operators
      engaging in export violations. Non-compliance with these restrictions may result in administrative penalties, including warnings,
      orders to cease the relevant activity, confiscation of illegal gains and fines. These and additional regulatory restrictions and
      requirements that may become effective from time to time may increase our compliance burden and affect our ability and efficiency in
      expanding to international markets.

      Our business and results of operations, as well as the trading prices of our ADSs, Shares and/or other securities may be materially and
      negatively affected by current or future export control or economic and trade sanctions or developments. Export control and economic
      sanctions laws and regulations are complex and likely subject to frequent changes, and the interpretation and enforcement of the
      relevant regulations involve substantial uncertainties, which may be driven by political and/or other factors that are out of our control
      or heightened by national security concerns. The high level of uncertainty relating to potential actions, such as export control
      measures, sanctions, investment prohibitions and others, and their timing and scope, as well as market rumors or speculation on such
      potential actions, could also negatively and materially affect the trading prices of our ADSs, Shares and/or other securities.

      Furthermore, we have commercial relationships with companies, partners and other parties, including some of our investee companies
      and joint venture partners, that are or have become subject to sanctions or export control restrictions. For example, in connection with
      the Russia-Ukraine conflict, certain Russian shareholders of our AliExpress Russia joint venture (in which we are a minority
      shareholder) have become subject to varying degrees of sanctions. Our relationships with such companies, partners and other parties
      may result in significant negative publicity, regulatory investigations and reputational harm. There is also no assurance that the scope
      of sanctions will not expand to more of these companies, partners or other parties, including us.




114   Alibaba Group Holding Limited
                                                                                                                     Risk Factors


Media reports on alleged violation of export control or economic and trade sanctions laws, or on uses of the technologies, systems or
innovations that we develop, such as biometrics data analysis and artificial intelligence, for purposes which could be perceived as
inappropriate or controversial, by us, our clients, business partners, investees or other parties not affiliated with or controlled by us,
even on matters not involving us, could damage our reputation and lead to regulatory investigations, fines and penalties against us.
Such fines and penalties may be significant, and if we were publicly named or investigated by any regulator on the basis of suspected
or alleged violations of export control or economic and trade sanctions laws and rules, even in situations where the potential amount or
fine involved may be relatively small, and even in these instances where we would be cleared of any wrongdoing, our reputation could
be significantly harmed. Any of these circumstances may cause the trading prices of our ADSs, Shares and/or other securities to
decline significantly, and materially reduce the value of your investment in our ADSs, Shares and/or other securities.

We may suffer reputational harm or incur liabilities and the trading prices of our ADSs, Shares and/or other securities may
decrease significantly due to business dealings by, or connections of, merchants or consumers on our marketplaces with
sanctioned countries or persons.

The U.S. government imposes broad economic and trade restrictions on dealings with certain countries and regions, including the
Crimea, certain regions affected by the Russia-Ukraine conflict, Cuba, Iran, North Korea and Syria, or the Sanctioned Countries, and
numerous individuals and entities, including those designated as having engaged in activities relating to terrorism, drug trafficking,
cybercrime, the rough diamond trade, proliferation of weapons of mass destruction or human rights violations, or the Sanctioned
Persons. The U.S. government’s economic sanctions programs evolve or threaten to change frequently, including with respect to the
Sanctioned Countries and other countries, such as Russia and Venezuela, and there are risks of further enhanced economic sanctions
concerning these countries, among others. It is not, however, possible to predict with a reasonable degree of certainty how the
regulatory environment concerning U.S. economic sanctions may develop. The United Nations, the EU, the UK, and other countries
also impose economic and trade restrictions, including on certain Sanctioned Countries and Sanctioned Persons. The Russia-Ukraine
conflict has resulted in additional sanctions imposed on Russia by the U.S., the EU, the UK, and other countries.

As a Cayman Islands company with the substantial majority of our subsidiaries and operations outside of the U.S., the UK and the EU,
we are generally not required to comply with U.S., UK, and EU sanctions to the same extent as U.S., UK or EU entities. However, for
companies like us, our U.S., UK, and EU subsidiaries, employees who are U.S. persons or UK or EU nationals, activities in the U.S.,
the UK, or the EU, activities involving U.S.-origin goods, technology or services, and certain conduct or dealings, among other
activities, are subject to applicable sanctions requirements. We do not have employees or operations in any of the Sanctioned
Countries, and, although our retail and wholesale marketplaces are open and available worldwide, we do not actively solicit business
from the Sanctioned Countries or Sanctioned Persons. For instance, in the case of AliExpress, Taobao and Tmall, an insignificant
percentage of orders have been placed by consumers from the Sanctioned Countries, with a negligible amount of aggregate GMV in
the fiscal year ended March 31, 2025 through transactions conducted voluntarily among merchants and consumers on these
marketplaces. As all transaction fees on AliExpress, Taobao and Tmall are paid by merchants, primarily based in China, we do not
earn any fees or commission from consumers in Sanctioned Countries in respect of transactions conducted on these platforms.

We have established a compliance program that aims to ensure our compliance with these economic and trade restrictions, as well as
export control regimes. However, these laws and regulations are complex and subject to frequent change, including with respect to
jurisdictional reach and the lists of countries, entities, individuals and technologies subject to sanctions and other regulatory controls.
For example, the U.S. Uyghur Forced Labor Prevention Act, or the UFLP Act, prohibits from importation into the United States any
goods, wares, articles, and merchandise mined, produced, or manufactured wholly or in part in Xinjiang, or by certain entities within
Xinjiang. We may incur significant costs related to current, new or changing sanctions, embargoes, export controls programs or other
restrictions and disclosure requirements, as well as negative publicity, investigations, fines, fees or settlements, which may be difficult
to predict. In addition, if our compliance program is determined to have failed to detect and halt any business dealings that are
prohibited under economic or trade sanctions or export control regimes, we could be subject to civil or criminal penalties and
negatively affect our reputation, business, results of operations and financial condition, which may materially and adversely affect the
trading prices of our ADSs, Shares and/or other securities. We also could face increased compliance costs and risks as we expand our
e-commerce, cloud and other businesses globally and into additional businesses.

Certain institutional investors, including state and municipal governments in the United States and universities, as well as financial
institutions, have proposed or adopted divestment or similar initiatives regarding investments in companies that do business with
Sanctioned Countries. Accordingly, as a result of activities on our marketplaces or in connection with other business we operate that
may involve users based in the Sanctioned Countries or Sanctioned Persons, certain investors may not wish to invest or may divest
their investment in us, certain financial institutions may not wish to lend, extend credit or offer ordinary banking services to us, or
seek early repayment of loans made to us, and certain financial institutions and other businesses with which we partner or may partner
may seek to avoid business relationships with us. These divestment initiatives and terminations of business services may negatively
impact our reputation, business and results of operations, and may materially and adversely affect the trading prices of our ADSs,
Shares and/or other securities.




                                                                                                         Fiscal Year 2025 Annual Report       115
      Risk Factors


      We face challenges in expanding our international and cross-border businesses and operations.

      We face risks associated with expanding into an increasing number of markets where we have limited or no experience, we may be
      less well-known or have fewer local resources and we may need to localize our business practices, culture and operations. We also
      face protectionist or national security policies that could, among others, hinder our ability to execute our business strategies, subject us
      to heightened regulatory scrutiny and put us at a competitive disadvantage relative to domestic companies in other jurisdictions. The
      expansion of our international and cross-border businesses will also expose us to risks and challenges inherent in operating businesses
      globally, including:

                     challenges in replicating or adapting our company policies and procedures to operating environments different from
                      that of China, including technology and logistics infrastructure;

                     challenges of maintaining efficient and consolidated internal systems, including IT infrastructure, and of achieving
                      customization and integration of these systems with the other parts of our ecosystem;

                     lack of acceptance of our product and service offerings, and challenges of localizing our offerings to appeal to local
                      tastes;

                     failure to understand cultural differences, local consumer behaviors and preferences and local business practices;

                     protectionist or national security policies that restrict our ability to:

                          invest in or acquire businesses or companies;

                          develop, import or export certain technologies, such as the United States’ national AI initiative;

                          utilize technologies that are deemed by local governmental regulators to pose a threat to their national security; or

                          obtain or maintain the necessary licenses and authorizations to operate our businesses;

                     the need for increased resources to manage regulatory compliance across our international businesses;

                     our ability to identify and collaborate effectively with local partners and leverage their local resources and relationship
                      with significant stakeholders, such as trade associations, labor force and government agencies;

                     failure to attract and retain capable talent with international perspectives who can effectively manage and operate local
                      businesses;

                     compliance with local laws and regulations, including those relating to e-commerce marketplaces and platforms,
                      digital services, privacy and data security, such as the Digital Markets Act, the Digital Services Act, the General Data
                      Protection Regulation and the General Product Safety Regulation of the EU, consumer and labor protection, and
                      environmental regulations, and increased compliance costs across different legal systems;

                     changes in applicable cross-border e-commerce tax laws, such as the EU’s removal of value-added tax exemption for
                      cross-border parcels valued below €22, the United States’ elimination of duty-free de minimis treatment for goods
                      valued at or under US$800 from China and similar laws in Brazil, Mexico and Vietnam and proposed further changes
                      to these laws, which could negatively affect transactions conducted through our international and cross-border
                      platforms, increase our compliance costs and subject us to additional risks;

                     heightened restrictions and barriers on the transfer of data across different jurisdictions;

                     differing, complex and potentially adverse customs, import/export laws, tax rules and regulations or other trade
                      barriers or restrictions, including significant delays in or even suspensions of customs clearance, which may be
                      applicable to transactions conducted through our international and cross-border platforms, related compliance
                      obligations and consequences of non-compliance, and any new developments in these areas;

                     availability, reliability and security of international and cross-border payment systems and logistics infrastructure;




116   Alibaba Group Holding Limited
                                                                                                                        Risk Factors


                 exchange rate fluctuations, which may have a material adverse effect on cross-border commerce businesses and
                  businesses in the affected countries or regions; and

                 political instability and general economic or political conditions in particular countries or regions, including territorial
                  or trade disputes, war and terrorism, such as the Russia-Ukraine conflict and the Israel-Hamas conflict.

We are regularly subject to, and have been fined following, regulatory investigations in overseas jurisdictions. In particular, our
overseas and cross-border businesses, such as AliExpress platform and Alibaba.com, face regulatory investigations in data security,
personal information protection, product compliance, consumer protection, fair competition and other areas. As a result of these
investigations and other reasons, we have been fined, and expect to be subject to additional and even significant fines or severe
sanctions or regulatory actions. In March 2024, the European Commission initiated a formal proceeding against AliExpress to assess
whether AliExpress has breached the Digital Services Act. In June 2025, the European Commission preliminarily found that
AliExpress engaged in certain practices that breached certain of its obligations under the Digital Services Act to assess and mitigate
risks related to the dissemination of illegal content on its platform, which allegations, if not addressed, would result in the imposition
of an appropriate and proportionate fine as determined by the European Commission of up to 6% of the total worldwide annual
turnover of the provider of AliExpress (which the European Commission preliminarily considers to be Alibaba Group) under the
Digital Services Act, which could be significant. In addition, the European Commission has accepted certain binding commitments by
AliExpress to resolve a number of European Commission’s concerns regarding the platform’s key aspects of business operations. Any
breach of these commitments would also result in a breach of the Digital Services Act and could result in a significant fine. Moreover,
the European Commission has the right to further impose periodic penalty payments not exceeding 5% of the average daily worldwide
annual turnover in the preceding financial year per day in order to compel an entity to comply with a decision, where an entity has
failed to ensure effective compliance with the Digital Services Act following such decision. See “Business Overview — Legal and
Administrative Proceedings — European Commission Investigation of AliExpress’ Compliance with the Digital Services Act” for
more information. There exist substantial uncertainties as to how the Digital Services Act will be enforced in practice and as to the
likelihood or magnitude of a fine imposed on us. Nevertheless, failure to manage these risks and challenges could negatively affect our
ability to expand our international and cross-border businesses and operations as well as materially and adversely affect our business,
financial condition and results of operations. Moreover, the more stringent obligations under the Digital Services Act or similar laws
will create additional operational requirements with increased compliance costs for us.

We face risks relating to our acquisitions, investments and alliances.

We have acquired and invested in a large number and a diverse range of businesses, including those in different countries and regions,
technologies, services and products in recent years. We have also made investments of varying sizes in joint ventures. From time to
time, we may have a number of pending investments and acquisitions that are subject to closing conditions and risks of failure to
close. See “Management Discussion and Analysis — Operating Results — Recent Investments, Acquisitions, Dispositions and
Strategic Alliance Activities.” As we continue to invest in our ecosystem, we expect to continue to evaluate and consider a wide array
of potential strategic transactions as part of our overall business strategy, including business combinations, acquisitions and
dispositions of businesses, technologies, services, products, real properties and other assets, as well as strategic investments, joint
ventures and alliances. At any given time we may be engaged in discussing or negotiating a range of these types of transactions. These
transactions involve significant challenges and risks, including:

                difficulties in, and significant and unanticipated additional costs and expenses resulting from, integrating into our
                 business the large number of personnel, operations, products, services, technology, internal controls and financial
                 reporting of the businesses we acquire;

                disruption of our ongoing business, distraction of and significant time and attention required from our management and
                 employees and increases in our expenses;

                departure of skilled professionals and proven management teams of acquired businesses, as well as the loss of
                 established client relationships of those businesses we invest in or acquire;

                for investments over which we may not obtain management and operational control, we may lack influence over the
                 controlling partners or shareholders, and for investments over which we may obtain control but do not fully own, we
                 may not have aligned interests with those of our partners or other shareholders;

                additional or conflicting regulatory requirements, heightened restrictions on and scrutiny of investments, acquisitions
                 and foreign ownership in other jurisdictions, on national security grounds or for other reasons, regulatory requirements
                 (such as filings and approvals under the anti-monopoly and competition laws, rules and regulations, and review of
                 investments and acquisitions of large Internet platforms under certain policies), the risk that acquisitions or investments
                 may fail to close, due to political and regulatory challenges, as well as related compliance and publicity risks;




                                                                                                            Fiscal Year 2025 Annual Report       117
      Risk Factors


                   actual or alleged misconduct, unscrupulous business practices or non-compliance by us or any company we acquire or
                    invest in or by its affiliates or current or former employees, whether before, during or after our acquisition or
                    investments;

                   difficulties in identifying and selecting appropriate targets and strategic partners, including potential loss of
                    opportunities for strategic transactions with competitors of our investee companies and strategic partners;

                   difficulties in conducting sufficient and effective due diligence on potential targets and unforeseen or hidden liabilities
                    or additional incidences of non-compliance, operating losses, costs and expenses that may adversely affect us following
                    our acquisitions or investments or other strategic transactions;

                   negative impact on our cash and credit profile from loans to or guarantees for the benefit of investees;

                   losses arising from actual or planned disposal of investments or de-consolidation of businesses; and

                   actual or potential impairment charges or write-offs of investments in equity method investees, intangible assets
                    (including intellectual property we acquire) or real properties, and goodwill recorded in connection with acquired
                    businesses, particularly investments in publicly traded companies, in the event that a decline in fair value below the
                    carrying value of our equity method investments is other-than-temporary, or the carrying amount of a reporting unit to
                    which goodwill is allocated exceeds its fair value. See “Management Discussion and Analysis — Critical Accounting
                    Estimates — Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates — Impairment Assessment on Investments in Equity Method
                    Investees” and “—Impairment Assessment on Goodwill and Intangible Assets.”

      These and other risks could lead to losses, negative publicity, increased regulatory scrutiny, litigation, government inquiries,
      investigations, actions or penalties against us and the companies we invest in or acquire on the ground of non-compliance with policy
      and regulatory requirements, or even against our other businesses, and may force us to incur significant additional expenses and
      allocate significant management and human resources to rectify or improve these companies’ corporate governance standards,
      disclosure controls and procedures or internal controls and systems. Due to business or financial underperformance, regulatory
      scrutiny or compliance reasons, we may need to divest interests in, or terminate business cooperation with, businesses and entities in
      which we have invested capital and other resources. See also “— PRC regulations regarding acquisitions impose significant regulatory
      approval and review requirements, which could make it more difficult for us to pursue growth through acquisitions and subject us to
      fines or other administrative penalties.” As a result, we may experience significant difficulties and uncertainties carrying out
      investments and acquisitions, and our growth strategy, reputation and/or the trading prices of our ADSs, Shares and/or other securities
      may be materially and adversely affected.

      In addition, our strategic investments and acquisitions may adversely affect our financial results, at least in the short term. For
      example, acquisitions of, and continued investments in lower margin or loss-making businesses and the integration of our local
      services business, have negatively affected our margins and net income. Acquired businesses that are loss-making may continue to
      sustain losses and may not become profitable in the near future or at all. The performance of our current and future equity method
      investees may also adversely affect our net income. There can be no assurance that we will be able to grow our acquired or invested
      businesses, or realize returns, benefits of synergies and growth opportunities we expect in connection with these investments and
      acquisitions.

      We are subject to a broad range of laws and regulations, and future laws and regulations may impose additional requirements and
      other obligations that could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations, as well as
      the trading prices of our ADSs, Shares and/or other securities.

      The industries in which we operate, including online and mobile commerce, local services, logistics, cloud computing, digital media
      and entertainment and other online content offerings, as well as certain of our important business processes, including those that may
      be deemed as relating to payment and settlement of funds, are subject to government regulations in the PRC and other countries.
      These requirements may evolve quickly, and may include requirements or restrictions relating to, among others, the provision of
      certain regulated products or services through platforms, new and additional licenses, permits and approvals, renewals and
      amendments of licenses, or governance or ownership structures. Failure to obtain and maintain such required licenses or approvals
      may require us to adjust our business practices, increase our costs or subject us to fines, which materially and adversely affect our
      business and the trading prices of our ADSs, Shares and/or other securities.

      We are subject to regulations in a wide range of areas, including, among others, data privacy and personal data protection, anti-
      monopoly and anti-unfair competition, product compliance, platform governance, taxation and content. For example, many of our
      business, such as livestreaming and marketing and software services provided by Alimama, may face quickly evolving regulations and
      increasing compliance risk in a wide range of areas, including platform liability, content, data security, consumer protection and




118   Alibaba Group Holding Limited
                                                                                                                     Risk Factors


taxation. As operators of direct sales businesses, we are subject to additional regulatory requirements, including those relating to
consumer protection, customs and permits and licenses, and allegations of unfair business practices, such as alleged favorable
treatment of our own services and products, including those offered by our direct sales business and cloud business, over third-party
services and products on our platforms. Failure to comply with applicable regulations may subject us to regulatory scrutiny or
investigations and penalties and liabilities that may materially and adversely affect our business and financial conditions, damage our
reputation and negatively affect the price of our ADSs, Shares and/or other securities.

In particular, regulators in the PRC and other countries are increasingly focused on regulating digital platforms. For example, the PRC
E-commerce Law, or the E-commerce Law, the Measures for the Supervision and Administration of Online Trading, or the Online
Trading Measures, the Interim Provisions for Regulating Promotional Activities and the Interim Measures on Online Anti-unfair
Competition, impose a series of obligations and limitations on e-commerce platform operators and network platform operators
concerning, in particular, market participants’ profile and registration status, advertising and marketing activities, search and
recommendation services and detection and handling of illegal and criminal activities. See “Business Overview — Regulation —
Regulation of Online and Mobile Commerce” and “— Regulation of Monopoly and Unfair Competition.” These requirements could
result in significant additional compliance costs, subject us to higher liabilities or require us to change our business practices, and
failure to comply with these requirements may subject us to rectification orders, confiscation of illegal income and fines. In addition,
according to the Regulations on Network Data Security Management, which became effective on January 1, 2025, network platform
service providers shall clearly define the network data security protection obligations of third parties who provide products or services
on the platform, urge these third parties to enhance their network data security management, and will need to bear certain legal
liabilities where data processing activities by such third parties violate applicable laws or the platform protocols and harm users. PRC
regulators are also promoting the development of laws and regulations on AI and may further strengthen AI governance, especially in
areas of risks and liabilities of AI-generated content. For example, the Measures for Labelling Artificial Intelligence-generated or -
created Content and the related standards, which were released in early 2025 and will take effect on September 1, 2025, impose AI-
generated content labelling obligations on internet information service providers to enhance AI transparency, and certain of our
businesses may need to comply with these new requirements. Internet platforms, including us, are likely to be subject to complex and
evolving requirements on the adoption and use of AI technologies. Moreover, market regulators, tax and other regulatory agencies
have been strengthening enforcement of the E-commerce Law, the Online Trading Measures and tax laws to further regulate platform
businesses, including platform protocols design, traffic allocation and competitive pricing mechanisms, platform fees and subsidies,
merchant registration and data reporting. PRC regulators may in the future issue additional policies and regulations to further specify
the obligations and responsibilities of platform operators, which requirements could result in significant additional compliance costs
and require us to adjust our existing compliance measures.

Large-scale Internet platforms, including us, are subject to more responsibilities and obligations than smaller platforms. For example,
the PRC Personal Information Protection Law stipulates that personal information processors that provide important Internet platform
services and have a large user base and complex business models shall establish independent agencies to oversee their personal
information protection measures. Similarly, under the Regulations on Network Data Security Management, large network platform
operators are further required to release an annual social responsibility report on personal information protection and shall not carry
out unfair or deceptive practices such as collecting and processing user data through misleading, fraudulent, or coercive means,
unjustified restrictions on user data access, and unreasonable differential treatment of users. These requirements could result in
significant additional compliance costs and require us to adjust our existing compliance measures. In addition, the draft Guidelines for
Implementing Responsibilities of Internet Platforms, or the Responsibilities Guidelines, set forth additional responsibilities for
operators of super platforms, as defined in the draft Guidelines for Classification and Grading of Internet Platforms, or the Draft
Classification Guidelines. These additional responsibilities include promoting interoperability between the services they provide and
those provided by other platforms. The above guidelines have not been formally adopted, and substantial uncertainties still exist with
respect to the enactment timetable, final content, interpretation and implementation of these guidelines and how they will affect our
business operation. If adopted, certain of our platforms may be deemed as an operator of super platforms under the Classification
Guidelines and will need to comply with additional requirements under the Responsibilities Guidelines. These requirements could
result in significant additional compliance costs, subject us to higher liabilities or require us to change our business practices. Failure
to comply with these requirements may subject us to suspension of business, rectification orders and fines, while our strict platform
governance measures in response to these requirements may lead to loss of merchants to other platforms, or to complaints or claims
made against us by merchants on our platforms.

Moreover, taxing authorities in many jurisdictions in which we operate may adopt and enforce more stringent tax rules. For example,
The Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development, or the OECD, has introduced a global minimum tax of 15% applied
on a country-by-country basis for large multinational corporations, which has become effective in many jurisdictions in which we
operate since fiscal year 2025. As these tax laws are new, complex and evolving, it is uncertain how these new rules and any other
changes in tax regulations will affect our tax positions and results of operations.

We face scrutiny and are regularly subject to inquiries and investigations from both PRC and foreign governments in a wide range of
areas, including online content, alleged third-party intellectual property infringement, cybersecurity, data protection and privacy laws,




                                                                                                         Fiscal Year 2025 Annual Report       119
      Risk Factors


      competition laws and regulations, securities laws and regulations, cross-border trade, tax, investment activities, human rights, platform
      liability and allegedly fraudulent or other criminal transactions. As we further expand into international markets, we will also
      increasingly become subject to additional legal and regulatory compliance requirements as well as political and regulatory challenges,
      including scrutiny on data privacy and security, tax compliance and anti-money laundering compliance, on national security grounds
      or for other reasons, in foreign countries in which we conduct business or investment activities. Government authorities in the PRC
      and other countries or regions are likely to continue to issue new laws, rules and regulations and enhance enforcement of existing
      laws, rules and regulations in these industries, and the perception that new laws and regulations will be implemented or that more
      stringent enforcement may be put in place may further negatively impact the trading prices of our ADSs, Shares and/or other
      securities. Any failure, or perceived failure, by us to comply with such local laws and regulations could result in reputational damages,
      regulatory investigations, sanctions or court proceedings and subject us to legal liabilities, including criminal liabilities. As we
      continue to grow in scale and significance, we expect to face increased scrutiny, which will, at a minimum, result in our having to
      continue to increase our investment in compliance and related capabilities and systems, which could adversely affect our business,
      financial condition and results of operations.

      Our business and technologies collect, process, utilize and store a large amount of data, including personal data, and actual or
      alleged improper use or disclosure of data could result in regulatory investigations and penalties, harm our reputation and have a
      material adverse effect on our business and our prospects.

      We collect, process, utilize and store a large quantity of personal data, including consumers’ personal data, in our business operations,
      and face a number of challenges relating to data from transactions and other activities on our platforms, including:

                   protecting the data in and hosted on our system, including against attacks on our system or unauthorized use by outside
                    parties or fraudulent behavior or improper use by our employees;

                   addressing concerns, challenges, negative publicity and litigation related to data privacy, collection, use and actual or
                    perceived sharing for promotional and other purposes (including cooperation and sharing among our own businesses,
                    cooperation with business partners or mandatory disclosure to regulators), and

                   addressing concerns among the public about the alleged differential treatment adopted by Internet platforms based on
                    user profiles, safety, security and other factors that may arise from our existing businesses or new businesses and
                    technologies, such as new forms of data (for example, biometric data, location information and other information).

      Any actual, perceived or alleged improper collection, use or disclosure of our user data by any party could result in a loss of users,
      businesses and other participants from our ecosystem, loss of confidence or trust in our platforms and has a material adverse effect on
      our business and prospects.

      We are subject to complex and evolving laws and regulations regarding privacy and data protection and cybersecurity. Complying
      with these laws and regulations increases our cost of operations, limits our business opportunities and may require changes to our
      data collection, use and other practices or negatively affect our user growth and engagement. Failure to comply with these laws
      and regulations could result in claims, regulatory investigations, litigation or penalties, or otherwise negatively affect our business.

      We are subject to numerous laws and regulations in many markets relating to the collection (from users and other third-party systems
      or sources), use, storage, access, transfer, disclosure and security of data. These laws and regulations are complex and evolving, and
      the interpretation and application of these laws and regulations are often uncertain, in flux and complicated.




120   Alibaba Group Holding Limited
                                                                                                                   Risk Factors


Personal Information and Privacy Protection

Regulatory authorities in China and around the world have recently implemented, and may in the future continue to implement, further
legislative and regulatory proposals concerning data privacy and personal data protection. For instance, PRC regulatory authorities
have promulgated a number of laws and regulations, including the Personal Information Protection Law, the Regulations on Network
Data Security Management and the Provisions on the Scope of Necessary Personal Information Required for Common Types of
Mobile Internet Applications, that stipulate requirements and limitations on the collection, processing and handling of personal
information. See “Business Overview — Regulation — Regulation of Data and Privacy Protection” and “— Regulation of Mobile
Apps.” In the course of our business operations, we collect information of our customers and users, including personal information.
Therefore, we are required to comply with applicable laws and regulations relating to personal data and privacy protection. To ensure
our compliance with these laws and regulations, we have established relevant protocols and mechanisms, such as obtaining consent
from users before collecting their personal information, notifying them of the information collected and the purpose of collecting the
information, explaining to them what, how and why the information may be shared with third parties. These personal data privacy
protection procedures have increased our compliance and operating costs. The data privacy laws and regulations also impose penalties
and liability on information processors for non-compliant information collection and processing activities, including correction,
suspension or termination of their services, confiscation of illegal income, as well as significant fines of up to 5% of revenue and other
penalties. PRC regulatory authorities have also put forward regular inspections and reporting on the compliance of mobile apps, mini-
programs, software development kits and other applications with applicable personal data and privacy protection laws and regulations.
Moreover, because of the scale of our Internet platforms, we may be subject to more frequent regulatory inspections. We believe that
our business operations are compliant with the currently effective PRC laws relating to personal data and privacy protection in all
material respects. Nevertheless, as the interpretation and implementation of these laws and regulations are evolving and that PRC
regulatory authorities has been enhancing compliance requirements or may require us to adopt recommended compliance practices,
we may be required to continuously adjust and upgrade our services and mobile applications. PRC regulatory agencies have
previously named certain of our mobile apps for rectification in compliance with privacy and data security regulations. We have
rectified these mobile apps’ data collection and use practices to bring them into compliance. Nevertheless, there can be no assurance
that our mobiles apps will not be named or that we will not be subject to regulatory investigations in the future.

Furthermore, the use of algorithms and generative AI in recommendation services and the increasing adoption of AI technologies in
general has raised additional data protection concerns, and PRC regulatory authorities have enhanced their regulation in these areas.
We use algorithmic recommendation, deep synthesis technology and generative AI services in a wide range of our businesses, and are
subject to these laws and regulations, including, among others, the Administrative Provisions on Algorithm Recommendation for
Internet Information Services, the Administrative Provisions on Deep Synthesis of Internet Information Services and the Interim
Measures on Generative AI Services. These laws and regulations require us to clearly inform users of our provision of algorithm
recommendation services, make public the basic principles, intentions and main operating mechanisms of our algorithm
recommendation services, ensure that users may conveniently terminate the algorithm recommendation services, protect consumers’
rights of fair trade, moderate content, label content generated using deep synthesis technology, implement measures to protect data
security and personal information, conduct security assessments and fulfil certain filing obligations. We are also prohibited under
these laws and regulations from carrying out illegal conduct such as unreasonable differentiated treatment based on consumers’
preferences, purchase behavior, or such other characteristics. See “Business Overview — Regulation — Regulation of Internet
Security.” Non-compliance with these laws and regulations may subject us to penalties and liability, including administrative
liabilities, such as warnings, public denouncement, fines, rectification orders, or suspension of provision of content, services and
overall business or even criminal liabilities. Complying with these laws and regulations has increased our compliance costs, changed
our data use and business practices, and could negatively affect user activities on our platforms. We believe that our business
operations are compliant with currently effective PRC laws relating to algorithm recommendation services in all material respects.

As we further expand our operations into international markets, we have become and will be subject to additional laws in other
jurisdictions where we operate and where our consumers, users, merchants, customers and other participants are located. Such laws,
rules and regulations of other jurisdictions may be more comprehensive, detailed and nuanced in their scope, and may impose
requirements and penalties that conflict with, or are more stringent than, those in China. For example, the GDPR adopted by the
European Union which impose stringent operational requirements for controllers and processors of personal data affect a number of
our businesses, such as AliExpress, Alibaba.com, Alibaba Cloud and Cainiao. The European Union has further adopted the Digital
Markets Act, the Digital Services Act and the Data Act since 2020, which impose various requirements on data use, data sharing and
data protection, among other matters. AliExpress has been designated as a “very large online platform” under the Digital Services Act,
and thus is required to fulfil more stringent obligations, including algorithm transparency, content moderation, mandatory reporting of
incidents and measures to tackle illegal content, regular risk assessment, annual independent audit, data sharing with relevant
regulators and annual supervisory fee. These requirements will create additional operational burdens and compliance costs for us, and
we may be subject to significant regulatory penalties for failure to comply with these requirements. Complying with laws and
regulations for an increasing number of jurisdictions could require significant resources and costs. Our continued expansion into the
cloud business, both in China and elsewhere, will also increase the amount of data hosted on our system, as well as increase the
number of jurisdictions in which we have data centers. This, as well as the increasing number of new legal requirements in various




                                                                                                        Fiscal Year 2025 Annual Report       121
      Risk Factors


      jurisdictions present increased challenges and risks in relation to policies and procedures relating to data collection, local storage,
      access, cross-border transfer, disclosure, protection and privacy, and will impose significant penalties for non-compliance, including
      fines of up to 4% and 6% of global annual turnover under the GDPR and the Digital Services Act, respectively. Any failure, or
      perceived failure, by us to comply with the above and other applicable regulatory requirements or data and privacy protection-related
      laws, rules and regulations could result in suspension of the relevant business or blockage of access to mobile app services,
      reputational damages or proceedings or actions against us by governmental entities, consumers or others or even criminal liabilities.
      These proceedings or actions could subject us to significant penalties and negative publicity, require us to change our data and other
      business practices, increase our costs and severely disrupt our business, hinder our global expansion or negatively affect the trading
      prices of our ADSs, Shares and/or other securities, our business and prospects.

      Data Security and Cybersecurity

      The Regulations on Network Data Security Management, which came into effect in January 2025, requires companies to identify and
      report the type of important data involved in their business. This new regulation, along with the Data Security Law, impose additional
      obligations on important data processors, including designating and specifying persons and management bodies responsible for data
      security, implementing regular data security risk assessment and other data protection measures, and submitting annual risk
      assessment reports to relevant authorities. We believe that our business operations are compliant with PRC laws and regulations
      relating to data security in all material respects. Failure to comply with these requirements could subject us to penalties, including
      fines, suspension of business, revocation of required licenses and civil or even criminal liabilities.

      The PRC Cybersecurity Law, which generally governs the construction, operation, maintenance and use of networks in China,
      subjects network operators, including us, to various security protection-related obligations. In addition, the PRC Cybersecurity Law
      provides that personal information and important data collected and generated by operators of critical information infrastructure in the
      course of their operations in the PRC should be stored in the PRC, and imposes heightened regulation and additional security
      obligations on operators of critical information infrastructure. In March 2025, the Cyberspace Administration of China issued draft
      amendments to the PRC Cybersecurity Law, which propose to strengthen enforcement measures and significantly increase penalties
      for violations of the law. See “Business Overview — Regulation — Regulation of Internet Security.” We believe that we are
      compliant with PRC Cybersecurity Law, including requirements relating to security protection, user identity verification,
      cybersecurity emergency response planning and technical assistance, in all material respects. Failure to comply could subject us to
      fines, suspension of businesses, shutdown of websites and revocation of business licenses.

      PRC regulatory authorities have also promulgated laws and regulations relating to cybersecurity review. According to the Revised
      Cybersecurity Review Measures, operators of critical information infrastructure who purchase network products and services and
      network platform operators who carry out data processing activities that affect or may affect national security shall be subject to
      cybersecurity review. See “Business Overview — Regulation — Regulation of Internet Security.”

      PRC laws and regulations relating to cybersecurity review are relatively new, and the applicable scope of these laws and regulations
      remain subject to uncertainties and further clarifications from PRC regulators. In 2021, the PRC government launched cybersecurity
      reviews on a number of mobile apps operated by several US-listed Chinese companies and prohibited relevant apps from registering
      new users during the review period. As of the date hereof, we have not received any notice from the Cyberspace Administration of
      China of a cybersecurity review on us under the Revised Cybersecurity Review Measures. Based on advice from Fangda Partners, our
      PRC counsel, we do not believe that we are required to undergo cybersecurity review by the Cyberspace Administration of China for
      our previous securities offerings. However, given the scale of our business and the number of users on our platforms, we believe that
      we may be subject to a cybersecurity review in the future. If we are subject to a cybersecurity review, we may incur significant costs
      and face challenges, both in the review process and in making enhancements to our cybersecurity measures that may be required. If
      we are unable to manage these risks, we may be subject to penalties, including fines, suspension of business, prohibition against new
      user registration (even for a short period of time) and revocation of required licenses, and our reputation and results of operations
      could be materially and adversely affected.




122   Alibaba Group Holding Limited
                                                                                                                       Risk Factors


Cross-border Data Transmission

Regulatory authorities in China and around the world have enhanced supervision and regulation of cross-border data transmission. As
our business operations expand across jurisdictions and we collect, process and utilize personal data of our users worldwide, we are
subject to and are likely to be required to expend significant capital to ensure ongoing compliance with these laws and regulations on
cross-border data transfers. The Data Security Law prohibits entities and individuals in China from providing any foreign judicial or
law enforcement authority with any data stored in China without approval from a competent PRC authority, and sets forth the legal
liabilities of entities and individuals found to be in violation of their data protection obligations, including rectification order, warning,
fines, suspension of relevant business, and revocation of business permits or licenses. According to the Measures for the Security
Assessment of Cross-border Data Transmission promulgated by the Cybersecurity Administration of China. , personal data processors
are subject to security assessment conducted by the Cyberspace Administration of China prior to any cross-border transfer of
important data and personal information. See “Business Overview — Regulation — Regulation of Data and Privacy Protection.”
Furthermore, the Cyberspace Administration of China promulgated the Provisions on the Prescribed Agreement on Cross-border Data
Transfer, or the Provisions on Prescribed Agreement, which came into effect on June 1, 2023, as well as the Provisions on Promoting
and Standardizing Cross-border Data Flows, which came into effect on March 22, 2024 and provide certain clarification for cross-
border transfer of personal information. We have implemented control procedures to comply with the new requirements. Complying
with PRC laws and regulations relating to cross-border data transmission increases our compliance costs and could affect our ability to
transfer data across borders. We believe that our business operations are compliant with PRC laws and regulations relating to cross-
border data transmission in all material respects.

In addition, laws, rules and regulations in other jurisdictions where we operate may restrict the transfer of data across jurisdictions. For
example, the GDPR requires companies to take appropriate safeguard measures and satisfy specific conditions when transferring data
outside Europe, and also provides a private right of action for data subjects whose privacy rights have been violated. On December 27,
2024, the U.S. Department of Justice, or the DOJ, issued the Final Rule implementing the Executive Order on Preventing Access to
Americans’ Bulk Sensitive Personal Data and United States Government-Related Data by Countries of Concern, which became
effective on April 8, 2025 and prohibits and restricts certain transactions that may result in access to bulk U.S. sensitive personal data
and government-related data by countries of concern, including China, and requires service providers to enhance their technology
infrastructure to meet specified security requirements. These laws and other similar rules and regulations that have been or may be
implemented relating to cross-border data transfers impose additional and substantial financial, operational, administrative and
compliance burdens on us, and failure to comply with these requirements will result in suspension of the relevant business, significant
amounts of fines and other administrative penalties, regulatory investigations and actions against us, significant damage to our
reputation or even criminal liabilities.

As permitted by applicable laws and regulations, our privacy policies and user agreements, we grant expressly limited access to
specified data on our data platform to certain participants in our ecosystem that provide services to consumers, merchants, brands,
retailers, enterprises and other ecosystem participants. In addition, from time to time, we enter into data sharing arrangements on a
case-by-case basis as permitted by applicable laws and regulations. Participants in our ecosystem face the same challenges inherent in
handling and protecting large volumes of data. Any actual or perceived improper use of data by us or them, and any systems failure or
security breach or lapse on our or their part that results in the release of user data could harm our reputation and brand and,
consequently, our business, in addition to exposing us to potential legal liability or regulatory actions. This could also attract negative
publicity from media outlets, privacy advocates, our competitors or others and could adversely affect the trading prices of our ADSs,
Shares and/or other securities.

While we believe we are compliant with laws and regulations on privacy and data protection and cybersecurity in all material respects,
there are uncertainties with respect to how these laws and regulations will be interpreted, implemented and enforced in practice,
especially since many of these laws and regulations only came into effect recently or have not come into effect yet. We expect that
data security and personal information protection will continue to attract public scrutiny and receive greater attention and focus from
regulators. Future interpretation and implementation of these laws and regulations, or additional laws and regulations that may come
into effect, may further increase our compliance costs, force us to change our business practices, adversely affect our business
performance as well as subject us to administrative and legal liabilities, which could harm our reputation and negatively affect the
trading prices of our ADSs, Shares and/or other securities.

On the other hand, regulators in China and other jurisdictions in which we operate may implement measures to ensure that encryption
of user data does not hinder law enforcement agencies’ access to that data. For example, according to the PRC Cybersecurity Law and
relevant regulations, network operators, including us, are obligated to provide assistance and support in accordance with the law for
public security and national security authorities to protect national security or assist with criminal investigations. Non-compliance or
compliance with these laws and requirements in manners that are perceived as harming privacy could lead to significant damages to
our reputation and proceedings and actions against us by regulators and private parties. Conflicting regulatory requirements in China
and overseas jurisdictions could increase our compliance costs and subject us to enhanced regulatory scrutiny.




                                                                                                           Fiscal Year 2025 Annual Report        123
      Risk Factors


      Security breaches and attacks against our systems and network, and any potentially resulting breach or failure to otherwise protect
      personal, confidential and proprietary information, could damage our reputation and negatively impact our business, as well as
      materially and adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations.

      Our cybersecurity measures may not detect, prevent or control all attempts to compromise our systems or risks to our systems,
      including distributed denial-of-service attacks, viruses, Trojan horses, malicious software, break-ins, phishing attacks, third-party
      manipulation, security breaches, employee or former employee misconduct or negligence or other attacks, risks, data leakage and
      similar disruptions that may jeopardize the security of data stored in and transmitted by our systems or that we otherwise maintain.
      Moreover, if we fail to implement adequate encryption of data transmitted through the networks of the telecommunications and
      Internet operators we rely upon, there is a risk that telecommunications and Internet operators or their business partners may
      misappropriate our data. Breaches or failures of our cybersecurity measures could result in unauthorized access to our systems,
      misappropriation of information or data, deletion or modification of user information, or denial-of-service or other interruptions to our
      business operations. If the security of domain names is compromised, we will be unable to use the domain names in our business
      operations.

      We may not have the resources or technical sophistication to anticipate or prevent rapidly evolving cyber-attacks. As techniques used
      to obtain unauthorized access to or sabotage systems change frequently and may not be known until launched against us, there can be
      no assurance that we will be able to anticipate, or implement adequate measures to protect against, these attacks. We could also be
      subject to an attack, breach or leakage, which we do not discover at the time or the consequences of which are not apparent until a
      later point in time. We only carry limited cybersecurity insurance, and actual or anticipated attacks and risks may cause us to incur
      significantly higher costs, including costs to deploy additional personnel and network protection technologies, train employees, and
      engage third-party experts and consultants.

      Cyber-attacks may target us, our merchants, consumers, users, customers, key service providers or other participants in our ecosystem,
      or the communication infrastructure on which we depend. In particular, breaches or failures of our third-party service providers’
      systems and cybersecurity measures could also result in unauthorized access to our data, our consumers’ and customers’ data and user
      information and business interruptions. In addition, we develop systems for customers through our cloud or other services. If these
      systems suffer attacks, breaches and data leakage, whether or not we are involved in managing or operating such systems, we could be
      subject to negative publicity, potential liabilities and regulatory investigations, including extensive cybersecurity review, which could
      result in significant losses to us, and materially and adversely affect our reputation, business growth and prospects. We, our third-party
      service providers and customers that use systems we have developed have been in the past and are likely again in the future to be
      subject to these types of attacks, breaches and data leakage.

      Cyber-attacks and security breaches, whether or not related to our systems or attributable to us, could result in business interruptions
      and subject us to negative publicity, regulatory investigations and significant legal and financial liability, harm our reputation and
      result in substantial revenue loss from lost sales and customer dissatisfaction, materially decrease our revenue and net income, and
      negatively affect the trading prices of our ADSs and Shares.

      Claims or regulatory actions under competition laws against us may result in our being subject to fines, constraints on our
      business and damage to our reputation.

      Since 2020, the PRC government has enhanced anti-monopoly and anti-unfair competition laws and regulations and guidance and
      stepped up enforcement against concentration of undertakings, cartel activities, monopoly agreements, unfair pricing, abusive
      behaviors by companies with market dominance and other anti-competitive activities. The Online Trading Measures, the amended
      Anti-monopoly Law, the Provisions on the Prohibition of Monopoly Agreements, the Provisions on the Prohibitions of Acts of Abuse
      of Dominant Market Positions and the Provisions on the Review of Concentration of Undertakings, all of which took effect in recent
      years, have, among others, imposed liabilities on cartel facilitators who aid others in the summation of anti-competitive agreements,
      clarified that data, algorithms, technologies, platform rules and other measures may not be used for consummation of monopoly
      agreements, and prohibited platform operators from abuse of dominant market positions. The SAMR also published the Interim
      Measures on Online Anti-unfair Competition, which came into effect on September 1, 2024, setting forth a list of unfair competition
      practices implemented through the Internet and other information networks and imposing more stringent competition compliance
      obligations on platform operators with competitive advantages. On December 25, 2024, the National People’s Congress published the
      Draft Amendment to the PRC Anti-unfair Competition Law for public comments, which proposes to impose more obligations on
      platform operators, requiring platform operators to incorporate fair competition provisions in their platform service agreements and
      transaction rules and take necessary measures to promptly prohibit operators’ unfair competition practices on their platforms,
      refraining platform operators from using data, algorithms or technology to disrupt or impede the normal business operations of other
      operators and prohibiting platform operators from forcing operators on their platforms to sell goods at prices below cost. PRC
      regulators are also proposing regulations on commissions and other fees charged by platform operators. These laws and regulations
      have also increased legal liabilities, including greater penalties and criminal liabilities for violations of anti-monopoly and anti-unfair
      competition laws and regulations and setting up certain regulatory inspection mechanisms. The consequences of violating anti-




124   Alibaba Group Holding Limited
                                                                                                                   Risk Factors


monopoly and anti-unfair competition laws and regulations could be significant, including, for example, fines of up to 50% of the
previous year’s revenue, suspension of business and revocation of business licenses. See “Business Overview — Regulation —
Regulation of Monopoly and Unfair Competition,” “— Regulation of Online and Mobile Commerce” and “— Regulation of Pricing.”
Due to the expansive scope of business activities the anti-monopoly and anti-unfair competition laws and regulations target to
regulate, many of our businesses and practices, including our business models, pricing practices, promotional activities and
cooperation with business partners, may be subject to regulatory scrutiny and significant penalties. On April 10, 2021, the SAMR
issued an administrative penalty decision following its investigation finding that we violated provisions of the PRC Anti-monopoly
Law prohibiting a business operator with a dominant market position from restricting business counterparties through exclusive
arrangements without justifiable cause, and imposed a fine of RMB18.2 billion. The SAMR also issued an administrative guidance,
instructing us to implement a comprehensive rectification program, and to file a self-assessment and compliance report to the SAMR
for three consecutive years. We may be subject to similar regulatory investigations, fines and other penalties, which could materially
and adversely affect our business and reputation.

To comply with existing competition laws and regulations and new laws and regulations that may be enacted in the future, as well as
administrative guidance and requirements by regulators from time to time, we may need to devote significant resources and efforts,
including changing our business and pricing practices, restructuring our businesses and adjusting our investment activities, which may
materially and adversely affect our business, growth prospects, reputation and the trading prices of our ADSs, Shares and/or other
securities. Certain long-standing practices, such as upstream and downstream investments and mergers as well as horizontal
investments and mergers, our cross-platform user ID system, data and algorithm applications, our traffic allocation and competitive
pricing mechanisms, platform protocols and the manners in which we offer payment, logistics and other services to consumers may be
subject to challenges by regulators, consumers, merchants and other parties. In early 2025, the SAMR requested major Internet
platform businesses in China, including us, to rectify certain existing practices concerning, among others, merchant rights, product
quality and platform transparency. While we have conducted self-inspections and undergone self-rectifications, we may still need to
make further changes to our business practices, which may increase our compliance costs and adversely affect our business
performance. In addition, the SAMR has imposed and in the future may further impose administrative penalties on various companies
including us for failing to duly make filings as to their transactions subject to merger control review by the SAMR. See “— PRC
regulations regarding acquisitions impose significant regulatory approval and review requirements, which could make it more difficult
for us to pursue growth through acquisitions and subject us to fines or other administrative penalties.”

The PRC Anti-monopoly Law and Anti-unfair Competition Law also provide a private right of action for competitors, business
partners or customers to bring anti-monopoly and anti-unfair competition claims against companies. In recent years, an increased
number of companies have been exercising their right to seek relief under the PRC Anti-monopoly Law, Anti-unfair Competition Law
and related judicial interpretations. Some of these companies, including our competitors, business partners and customers, have
resorted to and may continue making public allegations or launching media campaigns against us, submitting complaints to regulators
or initiating private litigation that targets our and our business partners’ prior and current business practices. For example, another e-
commerce player in China has brought suit against us under the PRC Anti-monopoly Law in connection with certain alleged exclusive
arrangements and claimed a substantial amount of damages, and there may be other similar litigation in the future. See “Business
Overview — Legal and Administrative Proceedings — JD.com Lawsuit.” There may be other similar litigation in the future, and we
may face increased challenges in defending ourselves in existing and future lawsuits brought against us pursuant to the PRC Anti-
monopoly Law. The litigation process of defending against such lawsuits, including any appeals, may divert resources and
management’s attention away from our day-to-day operations, and if we fail to successfully defend ourselves against these claims, we
may be required to pay damages, which may be significant and could materially and adversely affect our business operations, financial
results and reputation.

Allegations, claims, investigations, regulatory interviews, unannounced inspections, or other actions or proceedings under or any other
failure or perceived failure by us to comply with the anti-monopoly and anti-unfair competition laws and regulations, regardless of
their merits, have caused, and may continue to cause, us to be subject to regulatory actions, such as profit disgorgement and heavy
fines, significant amounts of damage payments or settlements, and constraints on our investments and acquisitions. We may be
required to make further changes to some of our business practices and divest certain businesses, which could decrease the popularity
of our businesses, products and services and cause our revenue and net income to decrease materially. Any of the above circumstances
could materially and adversely affect our business, operations, reputation, brand, the trading prices of our ADSs, Shares and/or other
securities.

PRC regulations regarding acquisitions impose significant regulatory approval and review requirements, which could make it
more difficult for us to pursue growth through acquisitions and subject us to fines or other administrative penalties.

Under the PRC Anti-monopoly Law, companies undertaking certain investments and acquisitions relating to businesses in China must
notify and obtain approval from the SAMR, before completing any transaction where the parties’ revenues in China exceed certain
thresholds and the buyer would obtain control of, or decisive influence over, the other party or any transaction that would otherwise
trigger merger control filing obligations. In addition, we need to notify other PRC regulatory authorities if the investment or




                                                                                                        Fiscal Year 2025 Annual Report       125
      Risk Factors


      acquisition is in certain industries. The SAMR, the Cyberspace Administration of China and other regulatory agencies in China have
      enhanced merger control review in key areas, including national interest and people’s livelihood, finance, technology and media.
      Under the M&A Rules, the approval of the MOFCOM must be obtained in circumstances where overseas companies established or
      controlled by PRC enterprises or residents acquire domestic companies affiliated with PRC enterprises or residents. Applicable PRC
      laws, rules and regulations also require certain merger and acquisition transactions to be subject to security review.

      Under the currently effective PRC Anti-monopoly Law, due to the level of our revenues, our proposed acquisition of control of, or
      decisive influence over, any company with revenues within China of more than RMB800 million in the year prior to any proposed
      acquisition, would be subject to SAMR merger control review. In addition, a proposed transaction would be subject to SAMR merger
      control review if we have joint control of or joint decisive influence over any company with another party and where such other party
      has revenues within China of more than RMB800 million in the year prior to such transaction. Many of the transactions we undertook
      and may undertake could be subject to SAMR merger review. We have been fined, and may be subject to additional fines, which may
      be significant, for failing to obtain merger control approval for past acquisitions. Under the PRC Anti-monopoly Law, we may also be
      required to make divestitures or be subject to limitations on our business practices and other administrative penalties if regulators
      determine that we have failed to obtain the required approvals in relation to investments and acquisitions, which could materially and
      adversely affect our business operations and financial results as well as the trading prices of our ADSs, Shares and/or other securities.

      The Provisions of the State Council of the PRC on the Thresholds for Filing of Concentration of Undertakings most recently amended
      by the State Council on January 22, 2024 significantly raise the filing thresholds with respect to revenue, but at the same time
      subjecting certain transactions that do not meet the revenue threshold to filing obligations. See “Business Overview — Regulation —
      Regulation of Monopoly and Unfair Competition.” Substantial uncertainties exist with respect to the interpretation and
      implementation of such amended provisions. The amended PRC Anti-monopoly Law significantly raises the maximum fines for
      failure to file for merger control review, and introduces a “stop-clock mechanism” which may prolong the merger control review
      process. Furthermore, the Provisions on the Review of Concentration of Undertakings, which came into effect on April 15, 2023,
      provide detailed rules on how to implement the “stop-clock mechanism,” which allow the SAMR to suspend the calculation of time
      period for merger control review under various circumstances. See “Business Overview — Regulation — Regulation of Monopoly
      and Unfair Competition.” Complying with the requirements of the relevant regulations to complete these transactions could be time-
      consuming, and any required approval processes, including approval from SAMR, may be uncertain and could delay or inhibit our
      ability to complete these transactions, which could affect our ability to expand our business, maintain our market share or otherwise
      achieve the goals of our acquisition strategy.

      According to the Regulations on Enterprise Outbound Investment issued by the NDRC, we may also need to report to the NDRC
      relevant information on overseas investments with an amount of US$300 million or more in non-sensitive areas, and obtain the
      NDRC’s approval for our overseas investments in sensitive areas, if any, before the closing of the investments. According to the
      Overseas Listing Trial Measures, if a Chinese overseas listed company, such as us, issues overseas listed securities to acquire assets,
      such issuance shall be subject to filing requirements. If we fail to properly and timely complete such filings, we may be subject to
      penalties, sanctions and fines imposed by the CSRC and relevant departments of the State Council of the PRC. See “— Risks Related
      to Doing Business in the People’s Republic of China — The approval, filing or other requirements of the CSRC or other PRC
      regulatory authorities may be required under PRC law in connection with any future issuance of securities overseas, and, if required,
      we cannot predict whether or for how long we or our subsidiaries will be able to obtain such approval or complete such filing.”
      Accordingly, these regulations may restrict our ability to make investments in some regions and industries overseas, and may subject
      any proposed investments to additional delays and increased uncertainty, as well as heightened scrutiny, including after the
      investments have been made.

      Our ability to carry out our investment and acquisition strategy may be materially and adversely affected due to significant regulatory
      uncertainty as to the timing of receipt of relevant approvals or completion of relevant filings and whether transactions that we may
      undertake would subject us to fines or other administrative penalties and negative publicity and whether we will be able to complete
      investments and acquisitions in the future in a timely manner or at all.

      We may be subject to liability for content available in our ecosystem that is alleged to be obscene, defamatory, libelous, fraudulent
      socially destabilizing or otherwise unlawful.

      Under PRC law and the laws of certain other jurisdictions in which we operate, we are required to monitor our websites and the
      websites hosted on our servers, cloud computing services and mobile apps or interfaces, as well as our services and devices that
      generate or host content, for items or content deemed to be obscene, superstitious, defamatory, libelous, fraudulent or socially
      destabilizing, as well as for items, content or services that are illegal to sell online or otherwise in jurisdictions in which we operate
      our marketplaces and other businesses, and to promptly take appropriate action with respect to the relevant items, content or services.
      We may also be subject to potential liability in China or other jurisdictions for any unlawful actions of our merchants, marketing
      customers or users of our websites, cloud computing services or mobile apps or interfaces, or for content we distribute or that is linked
      from our platforms that is deemed inappropriate. It may be difficult for us to determine the type of content that may result in liability




126   Alibaba Group Holding Limited
                                                                                                                  Risk Factors


to us. The nature and scale of our websites, mobile apps and platforms, such as our cloud computing services, which allow users to
upload and save massive data on our cloud data centers, social communities on our marketplaces and DingTalk, such as livestreams
and other interactive media content on Taobao and Tmall, and Youku, which allow users to upload videos and other content to our
websites, mobile apps and platforms, generally referred to as user-generated content, and the increasing widespread use of AI to
generate content may make this even more difficult. Due to the significant amount of content uploaded by our users, including those
generated through AI technologies, we may not be able to identify all the videos or other content that may violate relevant laws and
regulations. If any of the information disseminated through our marketplaces, websites, mobile apps or other businesses we operate,
including videos and other content (including user-generated content), or any content that we have produced or acquired, are deemed
by the PRC government to violate any content restrictions, we would not be able to continue to display or distribute this content and
could suffer losses or become subject to penalties, including confiscation of income, fines, suspension of business and revocation of
required licenses, which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Our
livestreaming, short-form videos and interactive content businesses are subject to heightened risks and challenges associated with
content liability. Moreover, PRC regulators have enhanced enforcement against illegal content and information on Internet platforms
and have imposed more stringent obligations on Internet platforms, such as us. For example, the Cyberspace Administration of China
has launched a series of “Cleaning Up the Internet” campaigns with special focus on livestreaming, short-form videos, content for
minors, fandom culture, personal media, Internet rumors, cyberviolence, cyber environment and Internet account operations. As a
result, our compliance costs may increase and we may be subject to regulatory actions and penalties. If we are unable to manage these
risks, we could become subject to penalties, including regulatory actions, significant fines, suspension of business, revocation of
required licenses and prohibition against new user registration, and our reputation, results of operations and financial condition could
be materially and adversely affected.

Furthermore, compliance requirements are complicated and evolving, and may require us to implement different protections based on
the type of content and intended audience. For example, the Regulations on the Administration of Minors Program, or the Minors
Program Regulation, promulgated by the National Radio and Television Administration of China, or the NRTA, provides that radio
and television broadcasters and online audiovisual program service providers shall establish relevant protocols and review content of
minor-oriented programs to ensure that they do not contain violence, obscenity, superstition, social disruption, drug abuse or other
prohibited elements. The Opinions on Standardizing the Virtual Gifting of Livestreaming and Strengthening the Protection of Minors
issued by the Cyberspace Administration of China and several other PRC governmental authorities require platforms not to provide
livestreaming hosting services to minors under the age of 16 and adopt “teenager modes” to prevent minors from obsession, block
unsuitable content to minors and refrain from providing virtual gift purchase services to minors. We may incur significant compliance
costs and be subject to significant regulatory penalty for failure to comply with these requirements. If we are found to be liable for
content displayed or hosted on or even hyperlinked to our services and platforms, we may be subject to negative publicity, fines, have
our relevant business operation licenses revoked, or be prevented temporarily or for an extended period of time from operating our
websites, mobile apps, interfaces or businesses in China or other jurisdictions, which could materially and adversely affect our
business and results of operations.

Certain consolidated entities of our content business, which in aggregate contribute an insignificant percentage of our revenue,
brought in state-owned minority strategic investors. Such shareholder has the right to appoint a director of the relevant consolidated
entity and other rights including certain veto rights over the content review processes. Market perception of this and other similar
arrangements may affect the trading prices of our ADSs, Shares and/or other securities. In the future, our businesses that generate or
distribute content may be subject to greater governmental oversight or comply with other regulatory requirements.

In addition, claims may be brought against us for defamation, libel, negligence, copyright, patent or trademark infringement, tort
(including death and personal injury), other unlawful activity or other theories and claims based on the nature and content of
information posted on our platforms, including user-generated content, product reviews and message boards, by our consumers,
merchants and other participants. Regardless of the outcome of any dispute or lawsuit, we may suffer from negative publicity and
reputational damage as a result of these actions.

We may be subject to claims under consumer protection laws, including health and safety claims and product liability claims, if
property or people are harmed by the products and services sold through our platforms.

Government authorities in the PRC and other countries where we operate, media outlets and public advocacy groups are increasingly
focused on consumer protection. Operators of e-commerce platforms are subject to certain provisions of consumer protection laws
even where the operator is not the merchant of the product or service purchased by the consumer. For example, under the E-commerce
Law, we may be held jointly liable with the merchants if we fail to take necessary actions when we know or should have known that
the products or services provided by the merchants on our platforms do not meet personal and property security requirements, or
otherwise infringe upon consumers’ legitimate rights. Applicable consumer protection laws in China, including the Implementing
Rules of the Consumer Rights Protection Law that came into effect on July 1, 2024, provide that trading platforms, including
livestreaming marketing platforms, will be held liable for failing to meet certain undertakings that the platforms make to consumers
with regard to products listed on their websites, clearly notify consumers of auto-renewal and auto-pay, provide appropriate dispute




                                                                                                       Fiscal Year 2025 Annual Report      127
      Risk Factors


      resolution mechanisms for consumers or otherwise protect consumer rights and also for forcing consumers to purchase products or
      accept services. Furthermore, we are required to report to the SAMR or its local branches any violation of applicable laws, regulations
      or SAMR rules by merchants or service providers, such as sales of goods without proper license or authorization, and we are required
      to take appropriate remedial measures, including ceasing to provide services to the relevant merchants or service providers. According
      to the Online Trading Measures, we are also required to verify and update each merchant’s profile on a regular basis and monitor their
      market participant registration status. Therefore, we may be held liable if we fail to verify the licenses or qualifications of merchants,
      or fail to safeguard consumers with respect to products or services affecting consumers’ health or safety. The Anti-Telecom and
      Online Fraud Law of PRC stipulates that Internet service providers may not provide assistance to telecom and online fraud and must
      strengthen internal control mechanisms to prevent and curb telecom and online fraud. Furthermore, under the PRC Minors’ Protection
      Law, network product and service providers shall not provide products or services that induce minors to obsession, and the
      Regulations on the Protection of Minors on the Network also stipulate that important Internet platforms with large number of minor
      users and significant influence among minors must fulfill their obligations of protecting minors online, including, among others,
      suspending services to product and service providers on the platform who seriously violate laws and regulations and harm minors’
      rights and interests. Failure to comply with these requirements may subject us to warnings, public denouncement, confiscation of
      income, fines, suspension of business, rectification orders, shutdown of websites and applications and revocation of relevant licenses,
      which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Moreover, our businesses
      provide food, food delivery, food supplements and beverages, mother care, cosmetics, baby care, pharmaceutical and healthcare
      products and services, as well as electronics products, both as a platform operator and as part of our directly operated business. We
      have also invested in companies involved in these sectors. These activities pose increasing challenges to our internal control and
      compliance systems and procedures, including our control over and management of third-party service personnel and product quality
      assurance, and expose us to substantial increasing liability, negative publicity and reputational damage arising from consumer
      complaints, incorrect labelling, harm to personal health or safety or accidents involving products or services offered through our
      platforms or provided by us. According to the judicial interpretations issued by China’s Supreme People’s Court, livestreaming
      platform operators and online catering service platform operators are responsible for verifying the qualifications and licenses of
      livestreamers selling food product and online food operators, respectively, and they may be held jointly liable with the merchants on
      their respective platforms for damages incurred by consumers caused by defects in foods purchased on their platforms, if these
      operators fail to fulfill certain requirements and obligations. In addition, e-commerce platform operators shall be held liable as the
      product seller or service provider if the labels used mislead consumers to believe that the product or service is provided by the e-
      commerce platform, even if such product or service is in fact provided by third parties. See also “Business Overview — Regulation —
      Regulation of Online and Mobile Commerce.”

      New laws and regulations on consumer protection may be introduced in China and other jurisdictions where we operate and impose
      more requirements on operators of e-commerce and livestreaming platforms. For example, PRC regulatory authorities promulgated
      several regulations on livestreaming activities, including the Administrative Measures on Online Livestreaming Marketing (Trial),
      which require livestreaming platforms to take actions such as limiting traffic and suspending livestreaming involving illegal high-risk
      marketing activities, and prominently alert users of the risks involved in transactions that are conducted outside livestreaming
      platforms. See also “Business Overview — Regulation — Regulation of Online and Mobile Commerce.” These regulations on e-
      commerce and livestreaming activities may impose additional operational burdens on us, result in increased compliance costs and
      liability to us and subject us to negative publicity.

      In addition, we face activist litigation in China by plaintiffs claiming damages based on consumer protection laws. This type of activist
      litigation could increase in the future, and if it does, we could face increased costs defending these suits and damages should we not
      prevail, which could materially and adversely affect our reputation and brand and our results of operations. We may also face
      increasing scrutiny from consumer protection regulators and activists, as well as increasingly become a target for litigation, in the
      United States, Europe and other jurisdictions. For example, our AliExpress platform faces claims related to consumer protection in the
      United States, and member groups of the European Consumer Organization’s BEUC network have expressed concerns about certain
      consumer rights related to product returns and dispute resolution with respect to transactions conducted on our AliExpress platform
      and requested a review of these consumer rights by their national consumer protection agencies. We only maintain product liability
      insurance for certain businesses we operate, and do not maintain product liability insurance for products and services transacted on our
      marketplaces, and our rights of indemnity from the merchants in our ecosystem may not adequately cover us for any liability we may
      incur. Consumer complaints and associated negative publicity could materially and adversely harm our reputation and affect our
      business expansion. Claims brought against us under consumer protection laws, even if unsuccessful, could result in significant
      expenditure of funds and diversion of management time and resources, which could materially and adversely affect our business
      operations, net income and profitability.




128   Alibaba Group Holding Limited
                                                                                                                      Risk Factors


We are regularly subject to allegations, investigations, lawsuits, liabilities and negative publicity claiming that items listed and
content available in our ecosystem infringe intellectual property rights of third parties or are illegal.

We have been and expect to continue to be the subject of allegations that products or services offered, sold or made available through
our online marketplaces or that content made available on our platforms, including content available through our digital media and
entertainment business, search business, online reading platform, news feed features and IoT devices or our technology, infringe third-
party copyrights, trademarks and patents or other intellectual property rights or are provided beyond the authorized scope. Our use or
adoption of AI technologies in our businesses may increase our exposure to copyright infringement or other intellectual property
misappropriation claims by third parties, which may require us to pay compensation or license fees to third parties. At the same time,
there is increasing focus on investigating, preventing and taking action against alleged misappropriation of intellectual property, which
has resulted in increased scrutiny, investigations, enforcement actions and litigation relating to intellectual property infringement.
Although we have adopted and continue to optimize measures to proactively verify the products sold on our marketplaces for
infringement and to minimize potential infringement of third-party intellectual property rights through our intellectual property
infringement complaint and take-down procedures, these measures may not always be successful. In the event that alleged counterfeit
or infringing products are listed or sold on our marketplaces or allegedly infringing content are made available through our other
services, we could face claims and negative publicity relating to these activities or for our alleged failure to act in a timely or effective
manner in response to infringement or to otherwise restrict or limit these activities. We may also choose to compensate consumers for
any losses, although we are currently not legally obligated to do so. If, as a result of regulatory developments, we are required to
compensate consumers, we would incur additional expenses.

Our acquired businesses, such as Youku, Lazada and Ele.me, have been, and may continue to be, subject to liabilities for infringement
of third-party intellectual property rights or other allegations and lawsuits based on the content available on their websites and mobile
apps or the products and services they provide. Other companies that we may acquire in the future may be subject to similar risks. In
addition, we expect our ecosystem to involve more and more user-generated content, including the entertainment content on Youku
and our smart speakers, the interactive media content displayed on Taobao and Tmall, including livestreams and short-form videos, as
well as the data generated, uploaded and saved by users of our cloud services, over which we have limited control. Such content may
subject us to claims for infringement of third-party intellectual property rights, or subject us to additional scrutiny by the relevant
government authorities. These claims or scrutiny, whether or not having merit, may result in our expenditure of significant financial
and management resources, injunctions against us or payment of damages. We may need to obtain licenses from third parties who
allege that we have infringed their rights, but these licenses may not be available on terms acceptable to us or at all. These risks have
been amplified by the increase in the number of third parties whose sole or primary business is to assert these claims.

Measures we take to protect against these potential liabilities could require us to spend substantial additional resources and/or result in
reduced revenues. In addition, these measures may reduce the attractiveness of our ecosystem to consumers, merchants, brands,
retailers, enterprises and other participants. A merchant, brand, retailer, online marketer, livestreamer, music or video service provider
or other content provider whose content is removed or whose services are suspended or terminated by us, regardless of our compliance
with the applicable laws, rules and regulations, may dispute our actions and commence action against us for damages based on breach
of contract or other causes of action, make public complaints or allegations or organize group protests and publicity campaigns against
us or seek compensation. Any costs incurred as a result of liability or asserted liability relating to the sale of unlawful goods or other
infringement could harm our business.

Regulators in China and other jurisdictions, including the United States, are increasingly focused on platform liabilities and seeking to
hold Internet platforms liable for product liability, illegal listings and inappropriate content. We are regularly subject to significant
negative publicity, regulatory scrutiny, investigations and allegations of civil or criminal penalties based on allegedly unlawful
activities or unauthorized distribution of products or content, such as pharmaceuticals, carried out by third parties through our online
marketplaces. Due to our role as an operator of online marketplaces, we will also become subject to criminal liabilities or civil
liabilities if we are found to have provided assistance or support, such as Internet access, server escrow or online storage services,
commerce facilitation services, payment services or logistics services, or were negligent in not preventing, a third party from using our
marketplaces and services to commit certain illegal activities, such as unauthorized sale of pharmaceuticals. The outcome of any
claims, investigations and proceedings is inherently uncertain, and in any event defending against these claims is both costly and time-
consuming, and will significantly divert the efforts and resources of our management and other personnel. An adverse determination
in any of these proceedings could result in suspension of the relevant business or blockage of access to our platforms and services and
cause us to pay penalties or damages, incur legal and other costs, limit our ability to conduct business, or subject us to supervision by a
third-party government appointed monitor or require us to change the manner in which we operate and harm our reputation.

In addition, we have been and may continue to be subject to significant negative publicity in China, the United States and other
countries based on similar claims and allegations. For example, in past years, the USTR identified Taobao and AliExpress each as a
“notorious market.” While the USTR removed AliExpress from the “notorious market” list in January 2024, Taobao remains on the
list, and there can be no assurance that the USTR or other relevant authorities in the United States or other countries will not identify
Taobao or any of our other businesses as “notorious markets” in the future. In addition, government authorities regularly accuse us of




                                                                                                          Fiscal Year 2025 Annual Report        129
      Risk Factors


      perceived problems and failures of our platforms, including alleged failures to crack down on the sale of counterfeit goods,
      unauthorized and illegal goods and other alleged illegal activities on our marketplaces. As a result of any claims or accusations by
      government authorities, by industry watchdog organizations, including the U.S. Commission on the Theft of American Intellectual
      Property, by brand and intellectual property rights holders or by enterprises, there may be a public perception that counterfeit or
      pirated items are commonplace on our marketplaces or that we delay the process of removing these items. This perception, even if
      factually incorrect, and existing or new litigation as well as regulatory pressure or actions related to intellectual property rights
      protection, could damage our reputation, harm our business, diminish the value of our brand name and negatively affect the trading
      prices of our ADSs, Shares and/or other securities.

      We may be subject to material litigation and regulatory proceedings.

      We have been involved in a number of potentially high-value litigation and regulatory proceedings in and outside of China relating
      principally to product compliance, claims relating to data and privacy protection, third-party and principal intellectual property
      infringement claims, securities law class actions, contract disputes involving merchants and consumers on our platforms, consumer
      protection claims, employment-related cases and other matters in the ordinary course of our business. As our ecosystem expands,
      including across jurisdictions and through the addition of new businesses, we have encountered and may face an increasing number
      and a wider variety of these claims, including those brought against us pursuant to anti-monopoly or anti-unfair competition laws and
      laws and regulations on cross-border data transfers, arising out of investment transactions or other claims involving high amounts of
      alleged damages, fines or monetary settlements in China and overseas jurisdictions. Laws, rules and regulations may vary in their
      scope and overseas laws and regulations may impose requirements that are more stringent than, or which conflict with, those in China.
      We have acquired and may acquire companies that have been subject to or may become subject to litigation, as well as regulatory
      proceedings. In addition, in connection with litigation or regulatory proceedings we may be subject to in various jurisdictions, we may
      be prohibited by laws, regulations or government authorities in one jurisdiction from complying with subpoenas, orders or other
      requests from courts or regulators of other jurisdictions, including those relating to data held in or with respect to persons in these
      jurisdictions. Our failure or inability to comply with the subpoenas, orders or requests could subject us to fines, penalties or other legal
      liability, which could have a material adverse effect on our reputation, business, results of operations, the trading prices of our ADSs,
      Shares and/or other securities.

      As publicly listed companies, we and certain of our subsidiaries face additional exposure inside and outside China to claims, lawsuits
      and regulatory proceedings, including threatened claims, lawsuits and regulatory proceedings, relating to securities laws and
      regulations. For example, we and certain of our current and former officers and directors were named as defendants in certain
      shareholder class action lawsuits in the United States, asserting claims related to our alleged failure to disclose non-compliance with
      certain Chinese antitrust laws and regulations. See “Business Overview — Legal and Administrative Proceedings — Shareholder
      Class Action Lawsuits” for more details about the shareholder class action lawsuits. The litigation process of defending against such
      lawsuits and regulatory proceedings, including any appeals, may utilize a material portion of our cash resources and divert
      management’s attention away from our day-to-day operations, all of which could harm our business. There can be no assurance that
      we will prevail in any of these cases, and any adverse outcome of these cases could have a material adverse effect on our reputation,
      business and results of operations. In addition, although we have obtained directors’ and officers’ liability insurance, the insurance
      coverage may not be adequate to cover our obligations to indemnify our directors and officers, fund a settlement of litigation in excess
      of insurance coverage or pay an adverse judgment in litigation.

      The existence of litigation, claims, investigations and proceedings may harm our reputation, limit our ability to conduct our business
      in the affected areas and adversely affect the trading prices of our ADSs, Shares and/or other securities. The outcome of any claims,
      investigations and proceedings is inherently uncertain, and in any event defending against these claims could be both costly and time-
      consuming, and could significantly divert the efforts and resources of our management and other personnel. An adverse determination
      in any litigation, investigation or proceeding could cause us to pay damages, incur legal and other costs, limit our ability to conduct
      business or require us to change the manner in which we operate.




130   Alibaba Group Holding Limited
                                                                                                                    Risk Factors


Failure to maintain or improve our technology infrastructure could harm our business and prospects.

We operate a large and complex technology infrastructure that supports our own business operations as well as a wide range of users,
enterprises and ecosystem participants. System errors, human errors and any other failure to properly maintain our technology
infrastructure stability could result in inadequate capacity, unanticipated service outages, system crash, system disruptions, product
malfunction, slower response times and other service quality issues, which may impair user and customer experience and result in loss
of business and market share. Such technology infrastructure failures could also result in prolonged and significant disruptions to our
own business operations, including delays in reporting accurate operating and financial information, and to our users, enterprises and
ecosystem participants that subject us to significant liabilities. The risks of these events occurring are even higher during certain
periods of peak usage and activity, such as on or around the 11.11 Global Shopping Festival or other promotional events, when user
activity and the number of transactions are significantly higher on our marketplaces compared to other days of the year. In addition,
we are continuously upgrading our technology infrastructure to provide increased scale, improved performance, additional capacity
and additional built-in functionality. Adopting new products and maintaining and upgrading our technology infrastructure require
significant investments of time and resources, and also increase the risk of errors and system disruptions. If we experience problems
with the functionality and effectiveness of our software, interfaces or platforms, or are unable to maintain and continuously improve
our technology infrastructure to handle our business needs, our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects, as
well as our reputation and brand, could be materially and adversely affected.

In addition, much of the software and interfaces we use are internally developed and proprietary technology, and our technology
infrastructure and services, including our cloud product and service offerings, incorporate third-party-developed software, systems and
technologies, as well as hardware purchased or commissioned from third-party and overseas suppliers. As our technology
infrastructure and services expand and become increasingly complex, we face increasingly serious risks to the performance and
security of our technology infrastructure and services that may be caused by these third-party-developed components, including risks
relating to incompatibilities with these components, service failures or delays or difficulties in integrating back-end procedures on
hardware and software. We also need to continuously enhance our existing technology. Otherwise, we face the risk of our technology
infrastructure becoming unstable and susceptible to security breaches. This instability or susceptibility could create serious challenges
to the security and operation of our platforms and services, which would materially and adversely affect our business and reputation.

The successful operation of our business depends upon the performance, reliability and security of the Internet infrastructure in
China and other markets in which we operate.

Our business depends on the performance, reliability and security of the telecommunications and Internet infrastructure in China and
other markets in which we operate. Almost all access to the Internet in China is maintained through state-owned telecommunication
operators under the administrative control and regulatory supervision of the MIIT. In addition, the national networks in China are
connected to the Internet through state-owned international gateways, which are the only channels through which a domestic user can
connect to the Internet outside of China. We may face similar or other limitations in other countries in which we operate. We may not
have access to alternative networks in the event of disruptions, failures or other problems with the Internet infrastructure in China or
elsewhere. In addition, the Internet infrastructure in the countries in which we operate may not support the demands associated with
continued growth in Internet usage.

The failure of telecommunications network operators to provide us with the requisite bandwidth could also interfere with the speed
and availability of our websites and mobile apps. We have no control over the costs of the services provided by the
telecommunications operators. If the prices that we pay for telecommunications and Internet services rise significantly, our margins
could be adversely affected and the development and growth of our business could also be materially and adversely affected. In
addition, if Internet access fees or other charges to Internet users increase, our user base may decrease, which in turn may significantly
decrease our revenues.

Our ecosystem could be disrupted by network and system interruptions.

Our ecosystem depends on the efficient and uninterrupted operation of our computer, storage and communications systems. System
interruptions and delays may prevent us from efficiently processing the large volume of transactions on our marketplaces and other
businesses we operate. In addition, a large number of merchants and customers maintain their important systems, such as enterprise
resource planning and customer relationship management systems, on our cloud computing platform, which contains substantial
quantities of data that enable them to operate and manage their businesses. System failures, disruptions and delays may adversely
affect the availability and quality of our cloud service offerings. Increasing media and entertainment content on our platforms also
requires additional network capacity and infrastructure to process. Consumers expect our media and entertainment content to be
readily available online, and any disruptions or delay to the delivery of content could affect the attractiveness and reputation of our
media and entertainment platforms.




                                                                                                        Fiscal Year 2025 Annual Report       131
      Risk Factors


      We and other participants in our ecosystem, including Ant Group, have experienced in recent years, and may experience in the future,
      system delays, interruptions and outages that render websites, mobile apps and services (such as cloud services and payment services)
      temporarily unavailable or slow to respond. Although we have prepared for contingencies through redundancy measures and disaster
      recovery plans, not all of our systems are fully redundant and our disaster recovery planning may not be able to account for all
      eventualities. Despite any precautions we may take, the occurrence of natural or manmade disasters, such as earthquakes, snowstorms,
      storm surges, floods, fires, droughts and other extreme weather events, or other unanticipated problems at our facilities or the facilities
      of Ant Group and other participants in our ecosystem, including structural defects, power outages, system failures,
      telecommunications delays or failures, construction accidents, break-ins to IT systems, computer viruses or human errors, could result
      in delays in or outages of our platforms or services, loss of our, consumers’ and customers’ data and business interruption for us and
      our customers. Although we carry business interruption insurance, our insurance coverage may not be sufficient to compensate for
      related losses. Any of the above events could damage our reputation, significantly disrupt our operations and the operations of our
      users and other participants in our ecosystem and subject us to significant liability, heightened regulatory scrutiny and increased costs,
      which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.

      We rely on Alipay to conduct payment processing and escrow services on our marketplaces for a significant majority of our
      commerce business. If services and products provided by Alipay or Ant Group’s other businesses are limited, restricted, curtailed
      or degraded in any way, or become unavailable to us or our users for any reason, our business may be materially and adversely
      affected.

      Ant Group offers a variety of services and products that have become essential parts of the services and experience we offer to
      consumers and merchants on our platforms. These services and products are critical to our marketplaces and the development of our
      ecosystem. In particular, given the significant transaction volume on our platforms, Alipay provides convenient payment processing
      and escrow services to us on preferential terms. We also leverage the convenience, availability and ease of use of Alipay and Ant
      Group’s other products and services, such as consumer loans and insurance, to provide high quality experience and services to users,
      merchants and other participants in our ecosystem. If the availability, quality, utility, convenience or attractiveness of Alipay’s and
      Ant Group’s other services and products declines or changes for commercial, regulatory, compliance or any other reason, the
      attractiveness of our marketplaces and the level of activities on our marketplaces could be materially and adversely affected.

      Particularly, Alipay’s business is subject to a number of risks that could materially and adversely affect its ability to provide payment
      processing and escrow services to us, including:

                   dissatisfaction with Alipay’s services or lower use of Alipay by consumers, merchants, brands and retailers;

                   increasing competition, including from other established Chinese Internet companies, payment service providers and
                    companies engaged in other financial technology services;

                   changes to rules or practices applicable to payment systems that link to Alipay;

                   breach of users’ privacy and concerns over the use and security of information collected from customers and any related
                    negative publicity relating thereto;

                   service outages, system failures or failure to effectively scale the system to handle large and growing transaction
                    volumes;

                   increasing costs to Alipay, including fees charged by banks to process transactions through Alipay, which would also
                    increase our cost of revenues;

                   negative news about and social media coverage on Alipay, its business, its product and service offerings or matters
                    relating to Alipay’s data security and privacy; and

                   failure to manage user funds accurately or loss of user funds, whether due to employee fraud, security breaches,
                    technical errors or otherwise.

      In addition, certain commercial banks in China impose limits on the amounts that may be transferred by automated payment from
      users’ bank accounts to their linked accounts with third-party payment services. Although we believe the impact of these restrictions
      has not been and will not be significant in terms of the overall volume of payments processed for Taobao and Tmall, and automated
      payment services linked to bank accounts represent only one of many payment mechanisms that consumers may use to settle
      transactions, we cannot predict whether these and any additional restrictions that could be put in place would have a material adverse
      effect on our marketplaces.




132   Alibaba Group Holding Limited
                                                                                                                   Risk Factors


Alipay’s and Ant Group’s other businesses are highly regulated and are required to comply with numerous complex and evolving
laws, rules and regulations, including in the areas of online and mobile payment services, wealth management, financing, cross-border
money transmission, anti-money laundering, consumer protection and insurance. As Alipay and Ant Group’s other businesses expand
their businesses and operations into more international markets, they and their affiliates will become subject to additional legal and
regulatory risks and scrutiny. For example, Alipay or Ant Group’s other affiliates are required to maintain payment business licenses
in the PRC and are also required to obtain and maintain other applicable payment, money transmitter or other related licenses and
approvals in other countries or regions where they operate. In certain jurisdictions where Ant Group or its affiliates currently does not
have the required licenses, Ant Group or its affiliates provides payment processing and escrow services through third-party service
providers. If Ant Group or its affiliates or any of their partners fails to obtain and maintain all required licenses and approvals or
otherwise fails to manage the risks relating to their businesses, if new laws, rules or regulations come into effect that impact Ant
Group or its affiliates or their partners’ businesses, or if any of Ant Group’s affiliates or Ant Group’s partners ceases to provide
services to Ant Group, its services could be suspended or severely disrupted, and its ability to continue to deliver payment services to
us on preferential terms and other services and products to our consumers, merchants and other ecosystem participants may be
undermined.

We do not control Ant Group or Alipay. There can be no assurance that we will be able to maintain or negotiate commercial terms that
are no less favorable than those we currently enjoy or are commercially acceptable. Furthermore, our commercial arrangements with
Alipay and Ant Group may be subject to anti-competition challenges. If we need to migrate to another third-party payment service or
significantly expand our relationship with other third-party payment services, the transition would require significant time and
management resources, and the third-party payment service may not be as effective, efficient or well-received by consumers,
merchants, brands and retailers on our marketplaces. These third-party payment services also may not provide escrow services, and we
may not be able to receive commissions based on GMV settled through these systems. We would also receive less, or lose entirely, the
benefit of the commercial agreement with Ant Group and Alipay and may be required to pay more for payment processing and escrow
services than we currently pay. There can be no assurance that we would be able to reach an agreement with an alternative payment
service provider on acceptable terms or at all, and our business, financial condition and results of operations may be materially and
adversely affected.

Other conflicts of interest between us, on the one hand, and Alipay and Ant Group, on the other hand, may arise relating to
commercial or strategic opportunities or initiatives. Although we and Ant Group have each agreed to certain non-competition
undertakings, Ant Group may from time to time provide services to our competitors or engage in certain businesses that fall within our
scope, and there can be no assurance that Ant Group would not pursue other opportunities that would conflict with our interests. See
“Major Shareholders and Related Party Transactions — Related Party Transactions — Agreements and Transactions Related to Ant
Group and Its Subsidiaries — Our Commercial Arrangements with Ant Group and Alipay — Restructuring of Our Relationship with
Ant Group and Alipay, 2019 Equity Issuance, and Related Amendments — Non-competition Undertakings.”

Because of our equity interest in Ant Group, Ant Group’s financial results and valuation may materially affect our financial results
and the trading prices of our ADSs, Shares and/or other securities. Moreover, because of our close association with Ant Group and
overlapping user bases, regulatory developments, litigation or proceedings, media and other reports, whether or not true, and other
events that affect Ant Group could also negatively affect customers’, regulators’, investors’ and other third parties’ perception of us.
For example, shortly after Ant Group’s announcement of the suspension of its proposed dual-listing and IPO in November 2020, the
trading prices of our ADSs and Shares declined significantly. In addition, Ant Group started its business rectification since April 12,
2021 under discussion with PRC regulators. Changes in Ant Group’s business and future prospects, or speculation of such changes, as
well as additional regulatory requirements placed on Ant Group, could in turn have a material adverse effect on us and the trading
prices of our ADSs, Shares and/or other securities.

If third-party service providers and other participants in our ecosystem fail to provide reliable or satisfactory services or comply
with applicable laws or regulations, our reputation, business, financial condition and results of operations may be materially and
adversely affected.

We rely on a wide range and large number of third-party service providers, including retail operating partners, logistics service
providers, payment service providers, mobile app developers, independent software vendors, or ISVs, cloud-based developers,
marketing affiliates, livestreaming hosts and key opinion leaders, or KOLs, financial institutions, accountants and auditors, legal
counsel and other professional service providers, to provide services to us as well as to users on our platforms, including consumers,
merchants, brands, retailers and users of our cloud computing services. To the extent these ecosystem participants and service
providers are unable to provide satisfactory services to us as well as our users on or off our platforms, on commercially acceptable
terms, or at all, or if we fail to retain existing or attract new quality service providers to our platforms, our business, financial
condition and results of operations may be materially and adversely affected. In addition, we share our user data with certain of these
third-party service providers in our ecosystem in accordance with our privacy policies, agreements and applicable laws. For example,
our merchants use third-party logistics service providers as well as Cainiao to fulfill and deliver their orders. Our logistics data
platforms link our information system and those of logistics service providers. Because of this platform model, interruptions to or




                                                                                                       Fiscal Year 2025 Annual Report       133
      Risk Factors


      failures in logistics services, or in the logistics data platforms, could prevent the timely or proper delivery of products to consumers,
      which would negatively impact our competitive position as well as harm the reputation of our ecosystem and the businesses we
      operate. In addition, certain of our businesses, including AliExpress and Lazada, operate and provide logistics services to merchants
      within our ecosystem and may experience interruptions or failures to timely and properly deliver products to consumers. These
      interruptions or failures may be due to events that are beyond the control of any of our companies or our logistics service providers,
      such as inclement weather, natural disasters including the effects of climate change (such as increased droughts, floods, storms and
      other extreme weather events), pandemics or epidemics (such as COVID-19), armed conflicts, accidents, transportation disruptions,
      including special or temporary restrictions or closings of facilities or transportation networks due to regulatory or political reasons, or
      labor unrest or shortages. These logistics services could also be affected or interrupted by business disputes, industry consolidation,
      insolvency or government shut-downs. The merchants in our ecosystem may not be able to find alternative logistics service providers
      to provide logistics services in a timely and reliable manner. If our logistics data platform were to fail for any reason, the logistics
      service providers would be severely hindered from connecting or unable to connect with our merchants, and their services and the
      functionality of our ecosystem could be severely affected. If the products sold by merchants in our ecosystem are not delivered in
      proper condition, on a timely basis or at shipping rates that are commercially acceptable to marketplace participants, our business and
      prospects, as well as our financial condition and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected.

      Third-party service providers and ecosystem participants may engage in a broad range of other business activities on and outside of
      our platforms, and may have broad user bases and social influence that create substantial business opportunities and economic returns
      to themselves and our business. If our third-party service providers and ecosystem participants engage in activities that are negligent,
      fraudulent, illegal or otherwise harm the trustworthiness and security of our ecosystem, (including for example, the leakage or
      negligent use of data, the handling, transport and delivery of prohibited or restricted content or items, inappropriate use or ineffective
      implementation of AI technologies), cease their business relationship with us or fail to perform their contractual obligations or
      professional duties, fail to comply with any laws, regulations, professional code of conduct and practice standards or government
      requirements, become subject to regulatory investigations, sanctions, suspension, fines or penalties or other enforcement actions, or
      cause any property damage or personal injuries, their ability to provide services to us or our ecosystem more broadly could be
      materially and adversely affected, which could cause us to suffer loss of business and revenue, reputational harm, liabilities, or be
      subject to regulatory scrutiny, investigation or actions, and could have a material adverse effect on the trading prices of our ADSs,
      Shares or other securities, even if these activities are not related to, attributable to or caused by us, or within our control. For example,
      on September 13, 2024, the MOF and the CSRC announced administrative penalties related to our auditor, PricewaterhouseCoopers
      Zhong Tian LLP, or PwC ZT, in respect of its audit work on another project, which was unrelated to us from any perspective. These
      penalties included, among others, a six-month suspension (which has concluded) of certain of PwC ZT’s business operations in the
      PRC. These penalties were limited to PwC ZT and did not extend to other PricewaterhouseCoopers legal entities. To the extent that
      our auditor is unable to audit or otherwise provide services to us and if we cannot engage another auditor on a timely basis, we may be
      unable to satisfy our reporting, filing and other applicable compliance obligations and requirements, which could materially and
      adversely affect our reputation, investor confidence and ability to access capital markets as well as our business and financial
      condition.

      An occurrence of natural disasters or a widespread health epidemic or other outbreaks could have a material adverse effect on our
      business, financial condition and results of operations.

      Our business could be materially and adversely affected by natural disasters, such as earthquakes, snowstorms, storm surges, floods,
      fires, droughts and other extreme weather events; climate change; the outbreak of a widespread health epidemic, such as COVID-19,
      swine flu, avian influenza, severe acute respiratory syndrome, Ebola and Zika; or other events, such as wars, acts of terrorism,
      environmental accidents, power shortages or communication interruptions. The occurrence of a natural disaster or a prolonged
      outbreak of an epidemic illness or other adverse public health developments in China or elsewhere in the world could materially
      disrupt our industry and our business and operations, and have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and
      results of operations. For example, these events could cause a temporary closure of the facilities we use for our operations, affect the
      health of our employees and their work efficiency, significantly disrupt supply chains and logistics services or severely impact
      consumer behaviors and the operations of merchants, business partners and other participants in our ecosystem. Our operations could
      also be disrupted if any of our employees or employees of our business partners are suspected of contracting an epidemic disease,
      since this could require us or our business partners to quarantine some or all of these employees or disinfect the facilities used for our
      operations. In addition, our revenue and profitability could be materially reduced to the extent that a natural disaster, health epidemic
      or other outbreak or any change in regulatory, corporate and public actions in response to such event harms the global or PRC
      economy in general.




134   Alibaba Group Holding Limited
                                                                                                                    Risk Factors


We depend on key management as well as experienced and capable personnel generally, and any failure to attract, motivate and
retain our staff could severely hinder our ability to maintain and grow our business.

Our future success is significantly dependent upon the continued service of our key executives and other key employees. Retirements
and successions could result in disruptions, or perceived disruptions, in our operations and the execution of our strategy. If we lose the
services of any member of management or key personnel for any reason, we may not be able to locate suitable or qualified
replacements, and may incur additional expenses to recruit and train new staff.

As our business develops and evolves, it may become difficult for us to continue to retain our employees. Changes that we make to
our organizational and governance structures may negatively affect our ability to retain key talents and result in reduction in our
workforce. A number of our employees, including many members of management, may choose to pursue other opportunities outside
of us. If we are unable to motivate or retain these employees, our business may be severely disrupted and our prospects could suffer.

The size and scope of our ecosystem also require us to hire and retain a wide range of capable and experienced personnel who can
adapt to a dynamic, competitive and challenging business environment. We will need to continue to attract and retain experienced and
capable personnel at all levels, including members of management and AI talent, as we expand our business and operations. Our
various incentive initiatives may not be sufficient to retain our management and employees. Competition for talent in our industry and
AI talent is intense, and the availability of suitable and qualified candidates in China and elsewhere is limited. Competition for these
individuals could cause us to offer higher compensation and other benefits to attract and retain them. Even if we were to offer higher
compensation and other benefits, there can be no assurance that these individuals will choose to join or continue to work for us. Any
failure to attract or retain key management and personnel could severely disrupt our business and growth.

Failure to deal effectively with fraudulent or illegal activities by our employees, business partners or service providers would harm
our business.

Illegal, fraudulent, corrupt or collusive activities or misconduct, whether actual or perceived, by our employees or former employees,
representatives, agents, business partners or service providers could result in significant financial losses to us and also subject us to
liability or negative publicity, which could severely damage our brand and reputation. We have a zero-tolerance policy towards
fraudulent and illegal conduct, and have dismissed and assisted in the investigations, arrests and prosecutions of employees who
engaged in such conduct. We have implemented and continue to improve internal controls and policies with regard to the review and
approval of merchant accounts, interactions with business partners and government officials, account management, sales activities,
data security and other relevant matters. However, there can be no assurance that our controls and policies will prevent fraud, corrupt
or illegal activity or misconduct by our employees or former employees, representatives, agents, business partners or service
providers. We have suffered financial losses and other negative impacts from such activities in the past, and there can be no assurance
that similar incidents will not occur in the future. As we expand our operations in China and other jurisdictions, in particular our
businesses that provide services to governments and public institutions, we are subject to additional internal control and compliance
requirements relating to corrupt and other illegal practices by our employees or former employees, representatives or agents, and we
may also be held liable for such misconduct or other misconduct by our business partners and service providers. Alleged or actual
failure to comply or ensure our employees or former employees, representatives, agents, business partners and service providers to
comply with these requirements could result in significant financial losses to us and also subject us to regulatory investigations and
liabilities, which would materially and adversely affect our business operations, customer relationships, reputation and the trading
prices of our ADSs and/or Shares.

Failure to deal effectively with any fraud perpetrated and fictitious transactions conducted in our ecosystem, and other sources of
customer dissatisfaction, could harm our business.

We face risks with respect to fraudulent activities on our marketplaces and in connection with other businesses we operate, and we
periodically receive complaints from consumers who may not have received the goods that they had purchased, complaints from
merchants who have not received payment for the goods that a consumer had contracted to purchase, as well as other types of actual
and alleged fraudulent activities. Although we have implemented various measures to detect and reduce the occurrence of fraudulent
activities on our marketplaces and in connection with other businesses we operate, there can be no assurance that these measures will
be effective in combating fraudulent transactions or improving overall satisfaction among our consumers, merchants and other
participants. Additional measures that we take to address fraud could also negatively affect the attractiveness of our marketplaces and
other businesses we operate to consumers or merchants. In addition, merchants on our marketplaces contribute to a fund to provide
consumer protection guarantees. If our merchants do not perform their obligations under these programs, we may use funds that have
been deposited by merchants in a consumer protection fund to compensate consumers. If the amounts in the fund are not sufficient, we
may choose to compensate consumers for losses, although currently we are not legally obligated to do so. If, as a result of regulatory
developments, we are required to compensate consumers, we would incur additional expenses. Although we have recourse against our
merchants for any amounts we incur, there can be no assurance that we would be able to collect these amounts from our merchants.




                                                                                                        Fiscal Year 2025 Annual Report       135
      Risk Factors


      In addition to fraudulent transactions with legitimate consumers, merchants may also engage in fictitious or “phantom” transactions
      with themselves or collaborators in order to artificially inflate their own ratings on our marketplaces, reputation and search results
      rankings, an activity sometimes referred to as “brushing.” This activity may harm other merchants by enabling the perpetrating
      merchant to be favored over legitimate merchants, and may harm consumers by deceiving them into believing that a merchant is more
      reliable or trusted than the merchant actually is.

      On the other hand, participants on our marketplaces have been found to engage in scalping and cash-out activities, exploiting our
      discounts and subsidies as well as consumer protection measures, such as “refund” and “shipping insurance” policy. Such exploitative
      practices are difficult to detect in a timely manner and result in revenue loss, increasing marketing spending and harm our merchants
      and reputation, which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.

      Government authorities, industry watchdog organizations or other third parties may issue reports or engage in other forms of public
      communications concerning alleged fraudulent or deceptive conduct on our platforms. Negative publicity and user sentiment
      generated as a result of these reports or allegations could severely diminish consumer confidence in and use of our services, reduce our
      ability to attract new or retain current merchants, consumers and other participants, damage our reputation, result in shareholder or
      other litigation, diminish the value of our brand, and materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of
      operations.

      We may not be able to protect our intellectual property rights.

      We rely on a combination of trademark, patent, copyright, trade secret protection and fair trade practice laws in China and other
      jurisdictions, as well as confidentiality procedures and contractual provisions, to protect our intellectual property rights. We also enter
      into confidentiality agreements with our employees and any third parties who may access our proprietary information, and we
      rigorously control access to our proprietary technology and information. In addition, as our business expands and we increase our
      acquisition of and management of content, we expect to incur greater costs to acquire, license and enforce our rights to content.

      Intellectual property protection may not be sufficient in the jurisdictions in which we operate. Confidentiality agreements may be
      breached by counterparties, and there may not be adequate remedies available to us for these breaches. Accordingly, we may not be
      able to effectively protect our intellectual property rights or to enforce our contractual rights in China or elsewhere. In addition,
      policing any unauthorized use of our intellectual property is difficult, time-consuming and costly and the steps we have taken may be
      inadequate to prevent the misappropriation of our intellectual property. In the event that we resort to litigation to enforce our
      intellectual property rights, this litigation could result in substantial costs and a diversion of our managerial and financial resources.

      There can be no assurance that we will prevail in any litigation. In addition, our trade secrets may be leaked or otherwise become
      available to, or be independently discovered by, our competitors. Any failure in protecting or enforcing our intellectual property rights
      could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.

      Tightening of tax compliance efforts that affect our merchants could materially and adversely affect our business, financial
      condition and results of operations.

      Tax legislation relating to the ecosystem is still developing. Governments, both in China and in other jurisdictions, may promulgate or
      strengthen the implementation of tax regulations that impose obligations on e-commerce companies, which could increase the costs to
      consumers and merchants and make our platforms less competitive in these jurisdictions. Governments may require operators of
      marketplaces, such as us, to assist in the enforcement of tax registration requirements and the collection of taxes with respect to the
      revenue or profit generated by merchants from transactions conducted on their platforms. We may also be requested by tax authorities
      to provide information about our merchants, such as transaction records and bank account information, and assist in the enforcement
      of other tax regulations, including payment and withholding obligations against our merchants. For example, in June 2025, the
      Regulation on Reporting of Tax-related Information by Internet Platform Enterprises published by the State Council of the PRC came
      into effect, which requires operators of e-commerce platforms to report and verify the identity, income and other tax-related
      information of merchants to tax authorities. As a result of more stringent tax compliance requirements and liabilities, we may lose
      existing merchants and potential merchants might not be willing to open storefronts on our marketplaces, which could in turn
      negatively affect us. Stricter tax enforcement by tax authorities may also reduce the activities by merchants on our platforms and
      increase our liabilities and obligations.

      Any heightened tax law enforcement against participants in our ecosystem (including imposition of reporting or withholding
      obligations on operators of marketplaces with respect to VAT of merchants and stricter tax enforcement against merchants generally)
      could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.




136   Alibaba Group Holding Limited
                                                                                                                   Risk Factors


We may increasingly become a target for public scrutiny, including complaints to regulatory agencies, negative media coverage,
including social media and malicious reports, and aggressive marketing and communications strategies of our competitors, all of
which could severely damage our reputation and brand and materially and adversely affect our business and prospects.

We process an extremely large number of transactions on a daily basis on our marketplaces and other businesses we operate, and the
high volume of transactions taking place in our ecosystem and publicity about our business creates the possibility of heightened
attention from the public, regulators, the media and participants in our ecosystem. Changes in our services or policies have resulted
and could result in objections by members of the public, the media, including social media, participants in our ecosystem or others.
We may also become subject to public scrutiny relating to our workplace environment, work culture and other practices. From time to
time, these objections, complaints and negative media coverage, regardless of their veracity, may result in negative publicity or public
relations crisis, which could result in regulatory inquiry or harm our reputation and brand, and adversely affect the price of our ADSs,
Shares and/or other securities.

Corporate transactions we or our related parties undertake, such as changes to our corporate structures, our transactions or relationship
with Ant Group, initiatives to grow our businesses, develop new business models and expand into international markets, including our
investments into AI and cloud computing infrastructure and development of AI models, our various business practices as well as our
capital markets transactions, such as potential IPOs, spin-offs and other financings of certain of our subsidiaries, and dividends and
share repurchases may also subject us to increased media exposure and public scrutiny. There can be no assurance that we would not
become a target for regulatory or public scrutiny in the future or that scrutiny and public exposure would not severely damage our
reputation and brand as well as our business and prospects.

In addition, our founders, directors, management and employees have been, and continue to be, subject to scrutiny by the media and
the public regarding their activities in and outside of Alibaba Group, which may result in negative, unverified, inaccurate or
misleading information about them being reported by the press. Negative publicity about our founders, directors, management or
employees, even if unrelated to the products or services we offer, or even if untrue or inaccurate, may harm our reputation and brand,
and adversely affect the price of our ADSs, Shares and/or other securities.

Furthermore, due to intense competition in our industry, we have been and may be the target of incomplete, inaccurate and false
statements and complaints about us and our products and services that could damage our reputation and brand and materially deter
consumers and customers from spending in our ecosystem. Competitors have used, and may continue to use, methods such as lodging
complaints with regulators, initiating intellectual property and competition claims (whether or not meritorious) or frivolous and
nuisance lawsuits, and other forms of attack litigation and “lawfare” that attempt to harm our reputation and brand, hinder our
operations, force us to expend resources on responding to and defending against these claims, and otherwise gain a competitive
advantage over us by means of litigious and accusatory behavior. Our ability to respond on share price-sensitive information to our
competitors’ misleading marketing efforts, including lawfare, may be limited during our self-imposed quiet periods around quarter
ends consistent with our internal policies or due to legal prohibitions on permissible public communications by us during certain other
periods.

Our results of operations fluctuate significantly from quarter to quarter which may make it difficult to predict our future
performance.

Our results of operations generally are characterized by seasonal fluctuations. Historically, we have experienced seasonal fluctuations
mainly in our commerce businesses due to various reasons, including seasonal buying patterns and economic cyclical changes, as well
as promotions on our marketplaces. The fourth quarter of each calendar year typically contributes the largest portion of our annual
revenues due to a number of factors, such as merchants allocating a significant portion of their online marketing budgets to the fourth
calendar quarter, promotions, such as the 11.11 Global Shopping Festival, and the impact of seasonal buying patterns in respect of
certain categories such as apparel. The first quarter of each calendar year typically contributes the smallest portion of our annual
revenues, primarily due to a lower level of allocation of marketing budgets by merchants at the beginning of the calendar year and the
Chinese New Year holiday, during which time consumers generally spend less and businesses in China are generally closed. We may
also introduce new promotions or change the timing of our promotions in ways that further cause our quarterly results to fluctuate and
differ from historical patterns. In addition, seasonal weather patterns may affect the timing of buying decisions. The performance of
our equity method investees, including Ant Group, may also result in fluctuations in our results of operations. Fluctuations in our
results of operations related to our investments may also be because of accounting implication of remeasurement of share-based
awards relating to our equity method investee granted to our employees, previously held equity interests upon step acquisitions and
fair values of certain equity investments and financial instruments, particularly those that are publicly traded, as well as accounting
implication arising from deconsolidation of subsidiaries or disposal of investments. Fluctuations in fair value and the magnitude of the
related accounting impact are unpredictable, and may significantly affect our results of operations.




                                                                                                       Fiscal Year 2025 Annual Report       137
      Risk Factors


      Our results of operations will likely fluctuate due to these and other factors, some of which are beyond our control. In addition, our
      growth in the past may have masked the seasonality that might otherwise be apparent in our results of operations. As the rate of
      growth of our business declines in comparison to prior periods, we expect that the seasonality in our business may become more
      pronounced. Moreover, as our business grows, our fixed costs and expenses may continue to increase, which will result in operating
      leverage in seasonally strong quarters but can significantly pressure operating margins in seasonally weak quarters.

      To the extent our results of operations do not meet the expectations of public market analysts and investors in the future, or if there are
      significant fluctuations in our financial results, the market price of our ADSs, Shares and/or other securities could fluctuate
      significantly.

      Failure to comply with and enforcement of the terms of our indebtedness or enforcement of our obligations as a guarantor could
      have an adverse effect on our cash flow and liquidity.

      As of March 31, 2025, we had US$5.0 billion in aggregate principal amount of convertible senior notes, US$14.7 billion and
      RMB17.0 billion in aggregate principal amount of U.S. dollar-denominated and RMB-denominated unsecured senior notes,
      respectively, and bank borrowings of US$10.0 billion in aggregate, including a US$3.2 billion term loan outstanding and a US$6.5
      billion revolving credit facility that we have not yet drawn down. Under the terms of our indebtedness and under any debt financing
      arrangement that we may enter into in the future, we are, and may be in the future, subject to covenants that could, among others,
      restrict our business and operations. If we breach any of these covenants, our lenders under our credit facilities and holders of our
      convertible senior notes and of our unsecured senior notes will be entitled to accelerate our debt obligations. Any default under our
      credit facilities or convertible senior notes or unsecured senior notes could require that we repay these debts prior to maturity as well
      as limit our ability to obtain additional financing, which in turn may have a material adverse effect on our cash flow and liquidity. In
      particular, if our ADSs are delisted from the NYSE, holders of our convertible senior notes may require us to repurchase for cash all
      or a portion of their notes, which may also have a material adverse effect on our cash flow and liquidity.

      We also provide a guarantee for a credit facility of HK$6.5 billion (US$0.8 billion) in favor of Hong Kong Cingleot Investment
      Management Limited, a company that is partially owned by us, in connection with a logistics center development project at the Hong
      Kong International Airport. As of March 31, 2025, this entity has drawn down approximately HK$5.1 billion (US$0.7 billion) under
      this facility. In the event of default by this entity under the loan facility, we may be required to repay the full amount or a portion of
      the outstanding loan and interests and undertake the borrower’s other obligations under the loan facility. Moreover, we provide a
      partial guarantee for the continuing obligations of this entity to the Airport Authority and may be required to fulfil the relevant
      obligations of this entity in the event of its default. Enforcement against us under these guarantees and other similar arrangements we
      may enter into in the future could materially and adversely affect our cash flow and liquidity.

      We may need additional capital but may not be able to obtain it on favorable terms or at all.

      We may require additional cash resources due to future growth and development of our business, including any investments or
      acquisitions we may decide to pursue, and for other general corporate purposes, including share repurchases and dividends, among
      others. If our cash resources are insufficient to satisfy our cash requirements, we may seek to issue additional equity or debt securities
      or obtain new or expand credit facilities. Our ability to obtain external financing in the future is subject to a variety of uncertainties.

      On January 5, 2023, the NDRC promulgated the Administrative Measures for Examination and Registration of Medium and Long-
      term Foreign Debts of Enterprises, or the Foreign Debts Measures, which became effective on February 10, 2023. According to the
      Foreign Debts Measures, PRC enterprises and overseas enterprises or branches controlled by them, including holding companies with
      a VIE structure like us, are required to complete application for registration of foreign debts with the NDRC prior to the borrowing of
      foreign debts with a term of over one year. See “Business Overview — Regulation — Other Regulations — Regulation of Foreign
      Investment.” If we fail to complete such filing on a timely manner or at all, we may miss favorable market windows for debt issuances
      or loan applications. In addition, according to the Overseas Listing Trial Measures, we have to complete filing procedures with the
      CSRC for any follow-on equity offerings, convertible notes offerings and other equity security offerings, within three working days
      after conducting such offerings, and comply with relevant reporting requirements within three business days upon the occurrence of
      any specified circumstances provided under these measures. If we fail to complete such filing and reporting on a timely manner or at
      all, we may be subject to penalties, sanctions and fines imposed by the CSRC and relevant departments of the State Council of the
      PRC. See also “— Risks Related to Doing Business in the People’s Republic of China — The approval, filing or other requirements of
      the CSRC or other PRC regulatory authorities may be required under PRC law in connection with any future issuance of securities
      overseas, and, if required, we cannot predict whether or for how long we or our subsidiaries will be able to obtain such approval or
      complete such filing.” In addition, incurring indebtedness would subject us to increased debt service obligations and could result in
      operating and financial covenants that would restrict our operations.




138   Alibaba Group Holding Limited
                                                                                                                     Risk Factors


Our ability to access international capital and lending markets may be restricted at a time when we would like, or need, to do so,
especially during times of increased volatility and reduced liquidity in global financial markets and stock markets, including due to
policy changes and regulatory restrictions, which could limit our ability to raise funds. For example, capital markets transactions we
undertake, such as potential IPOs, spin-offs and other financings of certain of our subsidiaries, are subject to market and economic
conditions in China and globally. In addition, tightened monetary policies in response to increasing inflation, such as through raising
interest rates or signaling expected interest hikes, could significantly increase borrowing costs for companies. Moreover, geopolitical
tensions between the U.S. and China may limit the flow of foreign capital and technology to China. See “— Changes in national trade
or investment policies and barriers to trade or investment, and any ongoing geopolitical conflict, may have an adverse effect on our
business and expansion plans, and could lead to the delisting of our securities from U.S. exchanges and/or other restrictions or
prohibitions on investing in our securities.” While we have been able to secure financing at similar cost range, there can be no
assurance that financing will be available in a timely manner or in amounts or on terms acceptable to us, or at all in the future. Any
failure to raise needed funds on terms favorable to us, or at all, could severely restrict our liquidity as well as have a material adverse
effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Moreover, any issuance of equity or equity-linked securities,
including issuances of share-based awards under our equity incentive plans, could result in significant dilution to our existing
shareholders.

We are subject to interest rate risk in connection with our indebtedness.

We are exposed to interest rate risk related to our indebtedness. The interest rates under certain of our offshore credit facilities are
based on forward-looking Secured Overnight Financing Rate, or SOFR. As a result, the interest expenses under our bank borrowings
will be subject to the potential impact of any fluctuation in SOFR. Any increase in SOFR could raise our financing costs, which could
adversely affect our operating results and financial condition, as well as our cash flows. Our Renminbi-denominated bank borrowings
are also subject to interest rate risk. Although from time to time, we use hedging transactions in an effort to reduce our exposure to
interest rate risk, these hedges may not be effective.

We may not have sufficient insurance coverage to cover our business risks.

We have obtained insurance to cover certain potential risks and liabilities, such as property damage, business interruptions, public
liabilities and product liability insurance for certain businesses we operate. However, insurance companies in China and other
jurisdictions in which we operate may offer limited business insurance products or we may not be able to obtain such insurance on
favorable terms. As a result, we do not maintain insurance for all types of risks we face in our operations in China and elsewhere, and
our coverage may not be adequate to compensate for all losses that may occur, particularly with respect to loss of business or
operations. We do not maintain product liability insurance for products and services transacted on our marketplaces or other
businesses we operate, and our rights of indemnity from the merchants in our ecosystem may not adequately cover us for any liability
we may incur.

We also do not maintain key-man life insurance. This potentially insufficient coverage could expose us to potential claims and losses.
Any business disruption, litigation, regulatory action, outbreak of epidemic disease or natural disaster could also expose us to
substantial costs and diversion of resources. There can be no assurance that our insurance coverage is sufficient to prevent us from any
loss or that we will be able to successfully claim our losses under our current insurance policy on a timely basis, or at all. If we incur
any loss that is not covered by our insurance policies, or the compensated amount is significantly less than our actual loss, our
business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected.




                                                                                                         Fiscal Year 2025 Annual Report       139
      Risk Factors



      Risks Related to Our Corporate Structure
      The Alibaba Partnership limits the ability of our shareholders to nominate and elect directors.

      Our Articles of Association allow the Alibaba Partnership to nominate or, in limited situations, appoint a simple majority of our board
      of directors. If at any time our board of directors consists of less than a simple majority of directors nominated or appointed by the
      Alibaba Partnership for any reason, including because a director previously nominated by the Alibaba Partnership ceases to be a
      member of our board of directors or because the Alibaba Partnership had previously not exercised its right to nominate or appoint a
      simple majority of our board of directors, the Alibaba Partnership will be entitled (in its sole discretion) to nominate or appoint such
      number of additional directors to the board as necessary to ensure that the directors nominated or appointed by the Alibaba Partnership
      comprise a simple majority of our board of directors.

      This governance structure limits the ability of our shareholders to influence corporate matters, including any matters determined at the
      board level. In addition, the nomination right granted to the Alibaba Partnership will remain in place for the life of the Alibaba
      Partnership unless our Articles are amended to provide otherwise by a vote of shareholders representing at least 95% of shares that
      vote at a shareholders meeting. The nomination rights of the Alibaba Partnership will remain in place notwithstanding a change of
      control or merger of our company. These provisions could have the effect of delaying, preventing or deterring a change in control and
      could limit the opportunity of our shareholders to receive a premium for the ADSs and/or Shares they hold, and could also materially
      decrease the price that some investors are willing to pay for our ADSs and/or Shares. However, our exercise of any such power that
      may limit the ability of others to acquire control of our company or cause us to engage in change-of-control transactions under the
      Articles of Association after our conversion to primary listing on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange is subject to our overriding
      obligations to comply with all applicable Hong Kong laws and regulations, including the Hong Kong Listing Rules and the Takeovers
      Codes.

      The interests of the Alibaba Partnership may conflict with the interests of our shareholders.

      The nomination and appointment rights of the Alibaba Partnership limit the ability of our shareholders to influence corporate matters,
      including any matters to be determined by our board of directors. The interests of the Alibaba Partnership may not coincide with the
      interests of our shareholders, and the Alibaba Partnership or its director nominees may make decisions with which they disagree,
      including decisions on important topics such as compensation, management succession, acquisition strategy and our business and
      financial strategy. Since the Alibaba Partnership will continue to be largely comprised of members of our management team, the
      Alibaba Partnership and its director nominees, consistent with our operating philosophy, may focus on the long-term interests of
      participants in our ecosystem at the expense of our short-term financial results, which may differ from the expectations and desires of
      shareholders unaffiliated with the Alibaba Partnership. To the extent that the interests of the Alibaba Partnership differ from the
      interests of any of our shareholders, our shareholders may be disadvantaged by any action that the Alibaba Partnership may seek to
      pursue.

      Our Articles of Association contain anti-takeover provisions that could adversely affect the rights of holders of our ordinary shares
      and ADSs. In addition, provisions of the convertible senior notes could also discourage an acquisition of us by a third party.

      Our Articles of Association contain certain provisions that could limit the ability of third parties to acquire control of our company,
      including:

                   a provision that grants authority to our board of directors to establish from time to time one or more series of preferred
                    shares without action by our shareholders and to determine, with respect to any series of preferred shares, the terms and
                    rights of that series;

                   a provision that a business combination, if it may adversely affect the right of the Alibaba Partnership to nominate or
                    appoint a simple majority of our board of directors, including the protective provisions for this right under our Articles,
                    shall be approved upon vote of shareholders representing at least 95% of the votes in person or by proxy present at a
                    shareholders meeting; and

                   a classified board with staggered terms that will prevent the replacement of a majority of directors at one time.




140   Alibaba Group Holding Limited
                                                                                                                   Risk Factors


These provisions could have the effect of delaying, preventing or deterring a change in control and could limit the opportunity for our
shareholders to receive a premium for their ADSs and/or Shares, and could also materially decrease the price that some investors are
willing to pay for our ADSs and/or Shares. However, our exercise of any such power that may limit the ability of others to acquire
control of our company or cause us to engage in change-of-control transactions under the Articles of Association after our conversion
to primary listing on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange is subject to our overriding obligations to comply with all applicable Hong Kong
laws and regulations, including the Hong Kong Listing Rules and the Takeovers Codes.

In addition, certain provisions of our convertible senior notes could make it more difficult or more expensive for a third party to
acquire us, or may even prevent a third party from acquiring us. For example, upon the occurrence of certain transactions constituting
a fundamental change, holders of the convertible senior notes may require us to repurchase all or a portion of their notes. We may also
be required to increase the rate for conversions in connection with certain fundamental corporate changes. By discouraging an
acquisition of us by a third party, these provisions could have the effect of depriving the holders of our ordinary shares and our ADSs
of an opportunity to sell their ordinary shares and ADSs, as applicable, at a premium over prevailing market prices.

Our ADSs and ordinary shares are equity securities of a Cayman Islands holding company rather than equity securities of our
subsidiaries and the VIEs that have substantive business operations in China.

We are incorporated in the Cayman Islands with no business operations. We conduct our operations in China through our subsidiaries
and the VIEs. We do not and are not, and holders of our ADSs and ordinary shares do not and are not, legally permitted to have any,
or more than the permitted percentage of, equity interest in the VIEs due to current PRC laws and regulations restricting foreign
ownership and investment. As a result, we provide services that may be subject to such restrictions in the PRC through the VIEs, and
we operate our businesses in the PRC through certain contractual arrangements with the VIEs. For a summary of such contractual
arrangements, see “Business Overview — Organizational Structure — Contractual Arrangements among Our Subsidiaries, the
Variable Interest Entities and Variable Interest Entity Equity Holders.” Our ADSs and ordinary shares are equity securities of a
Cayman Islands holding company rather than equity securities of our subsidiaries and the VIEs.

If the PRC government deems that the contractual arrangements in relation to the VIEs do not comply with PRC regulations on
foreign investment, or if these regulations or the interpretation of existing regulations change in the future, we could be subject to
penalties, or be forced to relinquish our interests in the operations of the VIEs, which would materially and adversely affect our
business, financial results, trading prices of our ADSs, Shares and/or other securities.

Due to legal restrictions on foreign ownership and investment in, among other areas, value-added telecommunication services, which
include the operations of ICPs, we, similar to all other entities with foreign-incorporated holding company structures operating in our
industry in China, operate our Internet businesses and other business in China, including Internet information services, which are
critical to our business, through a number of PRC incorporated VIEs. See “Business Overview — Regulation — Regulation of
Telecommunications and Internet Information Services — Regulation of Telecommunications Services” and “— Regulation of
Foreign Investment.”

The significant majority of equity interests in these VIEs is not owned by us or our shareholders, through us. The equity interests of
the VIEs are primarily held by PRC limited liability companies, which in turn are indirectly held (through a layer of PRC limited
partnerships) by selected members of the Alibaba Partnership or our management who are PRC citizens. Please also see “Business
Overview — Organizational Structure.” Contractual arrangements between us and the VIEs and their equity holders give us effective
control over each of the VIEs and enable us to obtain substantially all of the economic benefits arising from the VIEs as well as to
consolidate the financial results of the VIEs in our results of operations. Although we believe the structure we have adopted is
consistent with longstanding industry practice, the PRC government may not agree that these arrangements comply with PRC
licensing, registration or other regulatory requirements, with existing policies or with requirements or policies that may be adopted in
the future.

In the opinion of Fangda Partners, our PRC counsel, the ownership structures of our representative VIEs and the corresponding
subsidiaries in China do not and will not violate any applicable PRC law, regulation or rule currently in effect; and the contractual
arrangements between the representative VIEs, the corresponding subsidiaries and the respective equity holders of the representative
VIEs governed by PRC law are valid, binding and enforceable in accordance with their terms and applicable PRC laws and
regulations currently in effect and will not violate any applicable PRC law, rule or regulation currently in effect. However, Fangda
Partners has also advised us that there are substantial uncertainties regarding the interpretation and application of current PRC laws,
rules and regulations. Accordingly, the possibility that the PRC regulatory authorities and PRC courts may in the future take a view
that is contrary to the opinion of our PRC legal counsel cannot be ruled out. In addition, such laws, rules and regulations could change
or be interpreted differently in the future.




                                                                                                        Fiscal Year 2025 Annual Report     141
      Risk Factors


      Contractual arrangements in relation to VIEs have not been tested in a court of law, and it is uncertain whether any new PRC laws,
      rules or regulations relating to VIE structures will be adopted or if adopted, what they would provide. Please also see “— Substantial
      uncertainties exist with respect to the interpretation and implementation of the PRC Foreign Investment Law and its implementing
      rules and other regulations and how they may impact the viability of our current corporate structure, business, financial condition and
      results of operations.”

      If we or any of the VIEs are found to be in violation of any existing or future PRC laws, rules or regulations, or fail to obtain or
      maintain any of the required permits or approvals, we could be subject to severe penalties. The relevant PRC regulatory authorities
      would have broad discretion to take action in dealing with these violations or failures, including revoking the business and operating
      licenses of our PRC subsidiaries or the VIEs, requiring us to discontinue or restrict our operations, restricting our right to collect
      revenue, blocking one or more of our websites, requiring us to restructure our operations or taking other regulatory or enforcement
      actions against us. The imposition of any of these measures could result in a material adverse effect on our ability to conduct all or any
      portion of our business operations. In addition, it is unclear what impact the PRC government actions would have on us and on our
      ability to consolidate the financial results of any of the VIEs in our consolidated financial statements, if the PRC government
      authorities were to find our legal structure and contractual arrangements to be in violation of PRC laws, rules and regulations. If the
      imposition of any of these government actions causes us to lose our right to direct the activities of any of the VIEs or otherwise
      separate from any of these entities and if we are not able to restructure our ownership structure and operations in a satisfactory
      manner, we would no longer be able to consolidate the financial results of the VIEs in our consolidated financial statements. Any of
      these events would have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations, as well as cause the
      trading prices of our ADSs and Shares to significantly decline or become worthless.

      Substantial uncertainties exist with respect to the interpretation and implementation of the PRC Foreign Investment Law and its
      implementing rules and other regulations and how they may impact the viability of our current corporate structure, business,
      financial condition and results of operations.

      The VIE structure has been adopted by many China-based companies, including us and certain of our equity method investees, to
      obtain and maintain licenses and permits necessary to operate in industries that currently are subject to restrictions on or prohibitions
      for foreign investment in China. The MOFCOM published a discussion draft of the proposed Foreign Investment Law in January
      2015, or the 2015 Draft PRC Foreign Investment Law, according to which, VIEs that are controlled via contractual arrangements
      would be deemed as foreign-invested enterprises, if they are ultimately “controlled” by foreign investors. In March 2019, the National
      People’s Congress promulgated the 2019 PRC Foreign Investment Law. In December 2019, the State Council of the PRC promulgated
      the Implementing Rules of the Foreign Investment Law of the People’s Republic of China, or the Implementing Rules, to further
      clarify and elaborate upon relevant provisions of the 2019 PRC Foreign Investment Law. The 2019 PRC Foreign Investment Law and
      the Implementing Rules both became effective on January 1, 2020 and replaced major former laws and regulations governing foreign
      investment in the PRC. See “Business Overview — Regulation — Other Regulations — Regulation of Foreign Investment.” As the
      2019 PRC Foreign Investment Law has a catch-all provision that broadly defines “foreign investments” as those made by foreign
      investors in China through methods as specified in laws, administrative regulations, or as stipulated by the State Council of the PRC,
      relevant government authorities may promulgate additional rules and regulations as to the interpretation and implementation of the
      2019 PRC Foreign Investment Law. In particular, there can be no assurance that the concept of “control” as reflected in the 2015 Draft
      PRC Foreign Investment Law, will not be reintroduced, or that the VIE structure adopted by us will not be deemed as a method of
      foreign investment by other laws, regulations and rules.

      Furthermore, on December 19, 2020, the NDRC and the MOFCOM promulgated the Foreign Investment Security Review Measures,
      which took effect on January 18, 2021. Under the Foreign Investment Security Review Measures, investments in military, national
      defense-related areas or in locations in proximity to military facilities, or investments that would result in acquiring the actual control
      of assets in certain key sectors, such as critical agricultural products, energy and resources, equipment manufacturing, infrastructure,
      transport, cultural products and services, IT, Internet products and services, financial services and technology sectors, are required to
      be approved by designated governmental authorities in advance. Although the term “investment through other means” is not clearly
      defined under the Foreign Investment Security Review Measures, we cannot rule out the possibility that control through contractual
      arrangement may be regarded as a form of actual control and therefore require approval from the competent governmental authority.
      There are great uncertainties with respect to the interpretation and implementation of the Foreign Investment Security Review
      Measures. Accordingly, there are substantial uncertainties as to whether the VIE structure adopted by us may be deemed as a method
      of foreign investment in the future. If the VIE structure adopted by us were to be deemed as a method of foreign investment under any
      future laws, regulations and rules, and if any of our business operations were to fall under the “Negative List” for foreign investment,
      we would need to take further actions in order to comply with these laws, regulations and rules, which may materially and adversely
      affect our current corporate structure, business, financial condition and results of operations.




142   Alibaba Group Holding Limited
                                                                                                                   Risk Factors


Our contractual arrangements may not be as effective in providing control over the VIEs as direct ownership.

We rely on contractual arrangements with the VIEs to operate part of our Internet businesses in China and other businesses in which
foreign investment is restricted or prohibited. The significant majority of equity interests in these VIEs is not owned by us or our
shareholders, through us. For a description of these contractual arrangements, see “Business Overview — Organizational Structure —
Contractual Arrangements among Our Subsidiaries, the Variable Interest Entities and Variable Interest Entity Equity Holders.” These
contractual arrangements may not be as effective as direct ownership in providing us with control over the VIEs.

If we had direct ownership of the VIEs, we would be able to exercise our rights as an equity holder directly to effect changes in the
boards of directors of those entities, which could effect changes at the management and operational level. Under our contractual
arrangements, we may not be able to directly change the members of the boards of directors of these entities and would have to rely on
the VIEs and the VIE equity holders to perform their obligations in order to exercise our control over the VIEs. The VIE equity
holders may have conflicts of interest with us or our shareholders, and they may not act in our best interests or may not perform their
obligations under these contracts. Pursuant to the call options, we may replace the equity holders of the VIEs at any time pursuant to
the contractual arrangements. However, if any equity holder is uncooperative in the replacement of the equity holders or there is any
dispute relating to these contracts that remains unresolved, we will have to enforce our rights under the contractual arrangements
through the operations of PRC law and arbitral or judicial agencies, which may be costly and time-consuming and will be subject to
uncertainties in the PRC legal system. See “— Any failure by the VIEs or their equity holders to perform their obligations under the
contractual arrangements would have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.”
Consequently, the contractual arrangements may not be as effective in ensuring our control over the relevant portion of our business
operations as direct ownership.

Any failure by the VIEs or their equity holders to perform their obligations under the contractual arrangements would have a
material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.

If the VIEs or their equity holders fail to perform their respective obligations under the contractual arrangements, we may have to
incur substantial costs and expend additional resources to enforce the arrangements. Although we have entered into call option
agreements in relation to each VIE, which provide that we may exercise an option to acquire, or nominate a person to acquire,
ownership of the equity in that entity or, in some cases, its assets, to the extent permitted by applicable PRC laws, rules and
regulations, the exercise of these call options is subject to the review and approval of the relevant PRC governmental authorities. We
have also entered into equity pledge agreements with the equity holders with respect to each VIE, including the general partners and
limited partners of the PRC limited partnerships that indirectly hold the VIEs under the Enhanced VIE Structure, to secure certain
obligations of the VIE or its equity holders to us under the contractual arrangements. In addition, the enforcement of these agreements
through arbitral or judicial agencies, if any, may be costly and time-consuming and will be subject to uncertainties in the PRC legal
system. Moreover, our remedies under the equity pledge agreements are primarily intended to help us collect debts owed to us by the
VIEs or the VIE equity holders under the contractual arrangements and may not help us in acquiring the assets or equity of the VIEs.

In addition, with respect to the VIEs that are directly owned by individuals, although the terms of the contractual arrangements
provide that they will be binding on the successors of the VIE equity holders, as those successors are not a party to the agreements, it
is uncertain whether the successors in case of the death, bankruptcy or divorce of a VIE equity holder will be subject to or will be
willing to honor the obligations of the VIE equity holder under the contractual arrangements. If the relevant VIE or its equity holder
(or its successor), as applicable, fails to transfer the shares of the VIE according to the respective call option agreement or equity
pledge agreement, we would need to enforce our rights under the call option agreement or equity pledge agreement, which may be
costly and time-consuming and may not be successful.

The contractual arrangements are governed by PRC law and provide for the resolution of disputes through arbitration or court
proceedings in China. Accordingly, these contracts would be interpreted in accordance with PRC law and any disputes would be
resolved in accordance with PRC legal procedures. Uncertainties regarding the interpretation and enforcement of the relevant PRC
laws and regulations could limit our ability to enforce the contractual arrangements. Under PRC law, if the losing parties fail to carry
out the arbitration awards or court judgments within a prescribed time limit, the prevailing parties may only enforce the arbitration
awards or court judgments in PRC courts, which would require additional expense and delay. In the event we are unable to enforce the
contractual arrangements, we may not be able to exert effective control over the VIEs, and our ability to conduct our business, as well
as our financial condition and results of operations, may be materially and adversely affected.




                                                                                                        Fiscal Year 2025 Annual Report     143
      Risk Factors


      We may lose the ability to use, or otherwise benefit from, the licenses, approvals and assets held by the VIEs, which could severely
      disrupt our business, render us unable to conduct some or all of our business operations and constrain our growth.

      The VIEs hold licenses and approvals and assets for regulated activities that are necessary for our business operations, as well as
      equity interests in a series of our portfolio companies, to which foreign investments are typically restricted or prohibited under
      applicable PRC law. The contractual arrangements contain terms that specifically obligate VIE equity holders to ensure the valid
      existence of the VIEs and restrict the disposal of material assets of the VIEs. However, in the event the VIE equity holders breach the
      terms of these contractual arrangements and voluntarily liquidate the VIEs, or any of the VIEs declares bankruptcy and all or part of
      its assets become subject to liens or rights of third-party creditors, or are otherwise disposed of without our consent, we may be unable
      to conduct some or all of our business operations or otherwise benefit from the assets held by the VIEs, which could have a material
      adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Furthermore, if any of the VIEs undergoes a voluntary or
      involuntary liquidation proceeding, its equity holder or unrelated third-party creditors may claim rights to some or all of the assets of
      the VIE, thereby hindering our ability to operate our business as well as constrain our growth.

      The equity holders, directors and executive officers of the VIEs may have potential conflicts of interest with us.

      PRC laws provide that a director and an executive officer owes a fiduciary duty to the company he or she directs or manages. On the
      one hand, the directors and executive officers of the VIEs, including the relevant members of the Alibaba Partnership or our
      management, must act in good faith and in the best interests of the VIEs and must not use their respective positions for personal gain.
      On the other hand, as a director or management of our company, the relevant individuals have a duty of care and loyalty to us and to
      our shareholders as a whole under Cayman Islands law. We control the VIEs through contractual arrangements and the business and
      operations of the VIEs are closely integrated with the business and operations of our subsidiaries. Nonetheless, conflicts of interests
      for these individuals may arise due to dual roles both as equity holders, directors and executive officers of the VIEs and as our
      directors or employees.

      There can be no assurance that these individual shareholders of the VIEs will always act in our best interests should any conflicts of
      interest arise, or that any conflicts of interest will always be resolved in our favor. There also can be no assurance that these
      individuals will ensure that the VIEs will not breach the existing contractual arrangements. If we cannot resolve any of these conflicts
      of interest or any related disputes, we would have to rely on legal proceedings to resolve these disputes and/or take enforcement action
      under the contractual arrangements. There is substantial uncertainty as to the outcome of any of these legal proceedings. See “— Any
      failure by the VIEs or their equity holders to perform their obligations under the contractual arrangements would have a material
      adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.”

      The contractual arrangements with the VIEs may be subject to scrutiny by the PRC tax authorities. Any pricing adjustment of a
      related party transaction could lead to additional taxes, and therefore substantially reduce our consolidated net income and the
      value of your investment.

      The tax regime and practices in China are evolving and PRC tax laws may be interpreted in significantly different ways. The PRC tax
      authorities may assert that we or our subsidiaries or the VIEs or their equity holders are required to pay additional taxes on previous or
      future revenue or income. In particular, under applicable PRC laws, rules and regulations, arrangements and transactions among
      related parties, such as the contractual arrangements with the VIEs, may be subject to audit or challenge by the PRC tax authorities. If
      the PRC tax authorities determine that any contractual arrangements were not entered into on an arm’s length basis and therefore
      constitute favorable transfer pricing, the PRC tax liabilities of the relevant subsidiaries and/or VIEs and/or VIE equity holders could
      be increased, which could increase our overall tax liabilities. In addition, the PRC tax authorities may impose late payment interest.
      Our net income may be materially reduced if our tax liabilities increase.




144   Alibaba Group Holding Limited
                                                                                                                   Risk Factors



Risks Related to Doing Business in the People’s Republic of China
Changes and developments in the political and economic policies of the PRC government may materially and adversely affect our
business, financial condition and results of operations and may result in our inability to sustain our growth and expansion
strategies.

Although we have operating subsidiaries located in various countries and regions, our operations in China currently contribute the
large majority of our revenue. The PRC government has significant oversight and discretion over the conduct of our business, and may
intervene in or influence our operations through adopting and enforcing rules and regulatory requirements. Accordingly, our financial
condition and results of operations are affected to a significant extent by economic, political and legal developments in the PRC.

The PRC economy differs from the economies of most developed countries in many respects, including the level of development,
growth rate, extent of government involvement, control of foreign exchange and allocation of resources. A substantial portion of
productive assets in China is still managed by the government. In addition, the PRC government regulates industry development by
imposing industrial policies. The PRC government also plays a significant role in China’s economic growth by allocating resources,
controlling payment of foreign currency-denominated obligations, setting monetary policy and regulating financial services and
institutions.

While the PRC economy has experienced significant growth in the past four decades, growth has been uneven, both geographically
and among various sectors of the economy. The PRC government has implemented various measures to encourage economic growth
and guide the allocation of resources. Some of these measures may benefit the overall PRC economy, but may also have a negative
effect on us. Our financial condition and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected by government control over
capital investments or changes in tax regulations that are applicable to us. In addition, the PRC government has implemented in the
past certain measures, including interest rate increases, to manage the pace of economic growth and prevent the economy from
overheating. Any prolonged slowdown in the economy could lead to a reduction in demand for our services and consequently have a
material adverse effect on our businesses, financial condition and results of operations.

There are uncertainties regarding the interpretation and enforcement of PRC laws, rules and regulations, and changes in policies,
laws, rules and regulations in the PRC could adversely affect us.

A substantial portion of our operations are conducted in the PRC, and are governed by PRC laws, rules and regulations. Our PRC
subsidiaries are subject to laws, rules and regulations applicable to foreign investment in China. The PRC legal system is a civil law
system based on written statutes. Unlike the common law system, prior court decisions may be cited for reference but have limited
precedential value.

China has not developed a fully integrated legal system, and enacted laws, rules and regulations may not sufficiently cover all aspects
of economic activities in China or may be subject to a significant degree of interpretation by PRC regulatory agencies and courts. In
particular, because these laws, rules and regulations are relatively new and quickly evolving, and because of the limited number of
published decisions and the non-precedential nature of these decisions, and because the laws, rules and regulations often give the
relevant regulator certain discretion in how to enforce them, the interpretation and enforcement of these laws, rules and regulations
involve uncertainties and can be inconsistent and unpredictable. Therefore, it is possible that our existing operations may be found not
to be in full compliance with relevant laws and regulations in the future. In addition, the PRC legal system is based in part on
government policies and internal rules, some of which are not published on a timely basis or at all, and which may have a retroactive
effect. As a result, we may not be aware of our violation of these policies and rules until after the occurrence of the violation.

Any administrative and court proceedings in China may be protracted, resulting in substantial costs and diversion of resources and
management attention. Since PRC administrative and court authorities have certain discretion in interpreting and implementing
statutory and contractual terms, it may be more difficult to predict the outcome of administrative and court proceedings and the level
of legal protection than in more developed legal systems. These uncertainties may impede our ability to enforce the contracts we have
entered into and could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.




                                                                                                       Fiscal Year 2025 Annual Report      145
      Risk Factors


      In addition, the PRC government has significant influence over business activities and, to further regulatory and societal goals, has
      become more involved in regulating China-based companies, including us. For example, in recent years the PRC government has
      enhanced regulation in areas such as anti-monopoly, anti-unfair competition, cybersecurity and data privacy. In addition, the PRC
      government has also published policies that significantly affected the Internet industries and certain other industries, including
      industries that we operate in, and in the future it may implement other policies or regulations that may have a significant adverse
      impact on us or industries that we operate in. Moreover, the PRC government has strengthened the administration over illegal
      securities activities and the supervision on overseas listings by China-based companies and issued new filing obligations and approval
      requirements in connection with offshore offerings, which will increase our regulatory compliance costs and may limit or hinder our
      ability and the ability of our subsidiaries to offer or continue to offer securities to investors and cause the value of our securities,
      including our ADSs, to significantly decline or become worthless. See “—The approval, filing or other requirements of the CSRC or
      other PRC regulatory authorities may be required under PRC law in connection with any future issuance of securities overseas, and, if
      required, we cannot predict whether or for how long we or our subsidiaries will be able to obtain such approval or complete such
      filing.” The Chinese government may further promulgate relevant laws, rules and regulations that may impose additional and
      significant obligations and liabilities on Chinese companies. These laws and regulations can be complex and stringent, and many are
      subject to change and uncertain interpretation, which could result in claims, change to our data and other business practices, regulatory
      investigations, penalties, increased cost of operations, or declines in user growth or engagement, or otherwise affect our business. It is
      uncertain whether or how these new laws, rules and regulations and the interpretation and implementation thereof may affect us, but
      among others, our ability and the ability of our subsidiaries to obtain external financing through the issuance of equity securities
      overseas could be negatively affected and as a result, the trading prices of our ADSs and Shares to could significantly decline or
      become worthless.

      The PCAOB had historically been unable to inspect our auditor in relation to their audit work performed for our financial
      statements, and the inability of the PCAOB to conduct inspections over our auditor in the future may deprive our investors of the
      benefits of such inspections.

      PricewaterhouseCoopers Zhong Tian LLP, our auditor, is required under U.S. law to undergo regular inspections by the PCAOB.
      Prior to 2022, the PCAOB was unable to conduct inspections of the audit work and practices of PCAOB-registered audit firms within
      the PRC on a basis comparable to other non-U.S. jurisdictions without approval from the Chinese government authorities, and as we
      have substantial operations in the PRC, the PCAOB was unable to fully inspect our auditor and its audit work. As a result, investors of
      our ADSs, Shares and/or other securities did not have the benefit of such inspections. Inspections of auditors conducted by the
      PCAOB outside of China have at times identified deficiencies in those auditors’ audit procedures and quality control procedures,
      which may be addressed as part of the inspection process to improve future audit quality. The inability of the PCAOB to conduct full
      inspections of auditors in China in the past made it more difficult for it to evaluate the effectiveness of our auditor’s audit procedures
      or quality control procedures as compared to auditors outside of China that are subject to PCAOB inspections, which could cause
      investors of our ADSs, Shares and/or other securities to lose confidence in the audit procedures of our auditor and our reported
      financial information and the quality of our financial statements. On December 15, 2022, the PCAOB announced that it was able to
      secure complete access to inspect and investigate PCAOB-registered public accounting firms headquartered in Chinese mainland and
      Hong Kong SAR in 2022. In recent years, the PCAOB increased its scrutiny over the audit work of China-based accounting firms, and
      imposed penalties on several accounting firms based in Chinese mainland and Hong Kong SAR. Since 2023, the PCAOB released
      inspection reports for the accounting firms in Chinese mainland and Hong Kong SAR, which showed deficiencies that PCAOB staff
      believed the audit firms failed to obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence to support their work on their clients’ financial
      statements or internal control over financial reporting. Any regulatory scrutiny, penalty or actions to which our auditors are subject,
      particularly by regulators in the United States, Chinese Mainland or Hong Kong SAR may negatively affect us and cause investors of
      our ADSs, Shares and/or other securities to lose confidence in the audit procedures of our auditor and our reported financial
      information and the quality of our financial statements. Moreover, it is uncertain whether the PCAOB will continue to be able to
      satisfactorily conduct inspections of PCAOB-registered public accounting firms headquartered in Chinese mainland and Hong Kong
      in the future, which ability depends on a number of factors beyond our, and our auditor’s, control, including the uncertainties
      surrounding the relationship between China and the United States.




146   Alibaba Group Holding Limited
                                                                                                                    Risk Factors


Our ADSs will be delisted and our ADSs and shares prohibited from trading in the United States under the Holding Foreign
Companies Accountable Act, as amended, if the PCAOB is unable to inspect or investigate completely auditors located in China.

In recent years, U.S. regulators have continued to express concerns about challenges in their oversight of financial statement audits of
U.S.-listed companies with significant operations in China. As part of the increased regulatory focus in the United States on access to
audit information, the United States originally enacted the HFCA Act in December 2020. The HFCA Act includes requirements for
the SEC to identify issuers whose audit reports are prepared by auditors that the PCAOB is unable to inspect or investigate completely
because of a restriction imposed by a non-U.S. authority in the auditor’s local jurisdiction. The HFCA Act also requires public
companies on this SEC list to certify that they are not owned or controlled by a foreign government and make certain additional
disclosures in their SEC filings. In addition, if the auditor of a U.S. listed company is not subject to PCAOB inspections for three
consecutive “non-inspection” years after the law becomes effective, the SEC is required to prohibit the securities of such issuer from
being traded on a U.S. national securities exchange, such as the NYSE, or in U.S. over-the-counter markets. On December 29, 2022,
the United States enacted the Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2023, which amended the HFCA Act to require the SEC to prohibit an
issuer’s securities from trading in the United States if its auditor is not subject to PCAOB inspections for two consecutive “non-
inspection” years instead of three. On December 16, 2021, the PCAOB issued its report notifying the SEC of its determination that it
was unable to inspect or investigate completely registered public accounting firms headquartered in Chinese mainland or Hong Kong.
Subsequently on August 22, 2022, the SEC added us to its conclusive list of issuers identified under the HFCA Act, or Commission-
Identified Issuers, following the filing of our annual report on Form 20-F with the SEC on July 26, 2022, indicating that it has
determined that Alibaba Group filed an annual report with an audit report by a registered public accounting firm, whose audit work
papers cannot be fully inspected or investigated by the PCAOB for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2022. With the above
identification, 2022 was a “non-inspection” year for our company.

Following the signing of a Statement of Protocol between the PCAOB and the CSRC and the Ministry of Finance, the PCAOB
announced on December 15, 2022 that it was able to secure complete access to inspect and investigate PCAOB-registered public
accounting firms headquartered in Chinese mainland and Hong Kong in 2022. The PCAOB vacated its previous 2021 determinations
that the PCAOB was unable to inspect or investigate completely registered public accounting firms headquartered in Chinese
mainland and Hong Kong. For this reason, we were not identified as a Commission-Identified Issuer following the filing of our annual
reports in 2023 or 2024, and we do not expect to be identified as a Commission-Identified Issuer following the filing of our annual
report in 2025. However, it is uncertain whether the PCAOB will continue to be able to satisfactorily conduct inspections of PCAOB-
registered public accounting firms headquartered in Chinese mainland and Hong Kong in the future, which ability depends on a
number of factors beyond our, and our auditor’s, control, including the uncertainties surrounding the relationship between China and
the United States. If in the future the PCAOB finds that it is unable to completely inspect and investigate registered public accounting
firms headquartered in Chinese mainland or Hong Kong, the PCAOB may act immediately to consider the need to issue new
determinations consistent with the HFCA Act, and we may be identified as a Commission-Identified Issuer again. In accordance with
the HFCA Act as amended by the Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2023, if the PCAOB is unable to continue to inspect or
investigate completely registered public accounting firms headquartered in Chinese mainland or Hong Kong, including our
independent registered public accounting firm, for two consecutive years, our securities (including our ADSs and Shares) would be
delisted from the NYSE and will be prohibited from trading on other U.S. stock exchanges and “over-the-counter” in the U.S.
Delisting of our ADSs would force our U.S.-based shareholders to sell their ADSs or convert them into Shares listed in Hong Kong.
Although we are listed in Hong Kong, investors may face difficulties in migrating their underlying ordinary shares to Hong Kong, or
may have to incur increased costs or suffer losses in order to do so. The risk and uncertainty associated with delisting of our securities
or other anticipated negative impacts of the HFCA Act upon and investor sentiment towards China-based companies listed in the
United States would have a negative impact on the price of our ADSs and Shares, and may significantly affect our ability to raise
capital in the future, which would have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition, and prospects.




                                                                                                        Fiscal Year 2025 Annual Report       147
      Risk Factors


      PRC regulations relating to investments in offshore companies by PRC residents may subject our PRC-resident beneficial owners
      or our PRC subsidiaries to liability or penalties, limit our ability to inject capital into our PRC subsidiaries or limit our PRC
      subsidiaries’ ability to increase their registered capital or distribute profits.

      SAFE promulgated the SAFE Circular 37 on July 4, 2014, which replaced the former circular commonly known as “SAFE Circular
      75” promulgated by SAFE on October 21, 2005. SAFE Circular 37 and its implementing rules require PRC residents to register with
      banks designated by local branches of SAFE in connection with their direct establishment or indirect control of an offshore entity, for
      the purpose of overseas investment and financing, with the PRC residents’ legally owned assets or equity interests in domestic
      enterprises or offshore assets or interests, referred to in SAFE Circular 37 as a “special purpose vehicle.”

      We notified substantial beneficial owners of ordinary shares who we know are PRC residents of their filing obligation, and pursuant to
      the former SAFE Circular 75, we filed the above-mentioned foreign exchange registration on behalf of certain employee shareholders
      who we know are PRC residents. However, we may not be aware of the identities of all of our beneficial owners who are PRC
      residents. We do not have control over our beneficial owners, and there can be no assurance that all of our PRC-resident beneficial
      owners will comply with relevant SAFE regulations. The failure of our beneficial owners who are PRC residents to register or amend
      their SAFE registrations in a timely manner or the failure of future beneficial owners of our company who are PRC residents to
      comply with the registration procedures set forth in SAFE Circular 37 and subsequent implementation rules, may subject the
      beneficial owners or our PRC subsidiaries to fines and legal sanctions.

      Furthermore, since it is unclear how those SAFE regulations, and any future regulation concerning offshore or cross-border
      transactions, will be further interpreted, amended and implemented by the relevant PRC government authorities, we cannot predict
      how these regulations will affect our business operations or future strategy. Failure to register or comply with relevant requirements
      may also limit our ability to contribute additional capital to our PRC subsidiaries and limit our PRC subsidiaries’ ability to distribute
      dividends to our company. These risks may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of
      operations.

      Any failure to comply with PRC regulations regarding our or our subsidiaries’ employee equity incentive plans may subject the
      PRC participants in the plans, us or our overseas and PRC subsidiaries to fines and other legal or administrative sanctions.

      Pursuant to SAFE Circular 37, PRC residents who participate in share incentive plans in overseas non-publicly-listed companies may,
      prior to the exercise of an option, submit applications to SAFE or its local branches for the foreign exchange registration with respect
      to offshore special purpose companies. In the meantime, our directors, executive officers, other employees and those of our
      subsidiaries’ who are PRC citizens or who are non-PRC citizens residing in the PRC for a continuous period of not less than one year,
      subject to limited exceptions, and whom we or our overseas listed subsidiaries have granted RSUs, options or restricted shares, may
      follow the Notice on Issues Concerning the Foreign Exchange Administration for Domestic Individuals Participating in Stock
      Incentive Plan of Overseas Publicly Listed Company, issued by SAFE in February 2012, to apply for the foreign exchange
      registration. According to those regulations, employees, directors and other management members participating in any stock incentive
      plan of an overseas publicly listed company who are PRC citizens or who are non-PRC citizens residing in China for a continuous
      period of not less than one year, subject to limited exceptions, are required to register with SAFE through a domestic qualified agent,
      which may be a PRC subsidiary of the overseas listed company, and complete certain other procedures. Failure to complete the SAFE
      registrations or comply with other related PRC regulations in the process may subject them to fines and legal sanctions and may also
      limit their ability to make payment under the relevant equity incentive plans or receive dividends or sales proceeds related thereto in
      foreign currencies, or may limit our ability and the ability of our subsidiaries to contribute additional capital into the domestic
      subsidiaries in China and limit the ability of the domestic subsidiaries of us and our subsidiaries to distribute dividends to us and our
      subsidiaries. We and our subsidiaries also face regulatory uncertainties under PRC law that could restrict our ability or the ability of
      our overseas listed subsidiaries to adopt additional equity incentive plans for our directors and employees who are PRC citizens or
      who are non-PRC citizens residing in the PRC for a continuous period of not less than one year, subject to limited exceptions.

      In addition, the State Taxation Administration of the PRC, or the STA, has issued circulars concerning employee RSUs, share options
      or restricted shares. Under these circulars, employees working in the PRC whose RSUs or restricted shares vest, or who exercise share
      options, will be subject to PRC individual income tax. The PRC subsidiaries of an overseas listed company have obligations to file
      documents related to employee RSUs, share options or restricted shares with relevant tax authorities and to withhold individual
      income taxes of those employees related to their RSUs, share options or restricted shares. Although we and our overseas listed
      subsidiaries currently withhold individual income tax from our PRC employees in connection with the vesting of their RSUs and
      restricted shares and their exercise of options, if the employees fail to pay, or the PRC subsidiaries fail to withhold, their individual
      income taxes according to relevant laws, rules and regulations, the PRC subsidiaries may face sanctions imposed by the tax
      authorities.




148   Alibaba Group Holding Limited
                                                                                                                    Risk Factors


We rely to a significant extent on dividends, loans and other distributions on equity paid by our operating subsidiaries in China.

We are a holding company and rely to a significant extent on dividends, loans and other distributions on equity paid by our operating
subsidiaries for our cash and financing requirements, including the funds necessary to repurchase shares, to pay dividends and other
cash distributions to our shareholders, fund inter-company loans, service outstanding debt and pay our expenses. If our operating
subsidiaries incur additional debt on their own, the instruments governing the debt may restrict their ability to pay dividends or make
other distributions or remittances, including loans, to us. Furthermore, the laws, rules and regulations applicable to our PRC
subsidiaries and certain other subsidiaries permit payments of dividends only out of their retained earnings, if any, determined in
accordance with applicable accounting standards and regulations.

Under PRC laws, rules and regulations, each of our subsidiaries incorporated in China is required to set aside a portion of its net
income each year to fund certain statutory reserves. These reserves, together with the registered equity, are not distributable as cash
dividends. As a result of these laws, rules and regulations, our subsidiaries incorporated in China are restricted in their ability to
transfer a portion of their respective net assets to their shareholders as dividends. In addition, registered share capital and capital
reserve accounts are also restricted from withdrawal in the PRC, up to the amount of net assets held in each operating subsidiary. As
of March 31, 2025, these restricted net assets totaled RMB334.8 billion (US$46.1 billion).

We may be treated as a resident enterprise for PRC tax purposes under the PRC Enterprise Income Tax Law, and we may
therefore be subject to PRC income tax on our global income.

Under the PRC Enterprise Income Tax Law, as amended, enterprises established under the laws of jurisdictions outside of China with
“de facto management bodies” located in China may be considered PRC tax resident enterprises for tax purposes and may be subject
to the PRC enterprise income tax at the rate of 25% on their global income. The STA issued Circular 82 on April 22, 2009, which was
further amended on December 29, 2017. Circular 82 specifies certain criteria for determining whether the “de facto management
body” of a Chinese-controlled, offshore-incorporated enterprise is located in China. Although Circular 82 applies only to offshore
enterprises controlled by PRC enterprises, and does not apply to offshore enterprises controlled by foreign enterprises or individuals,
the determining criteria set forth in Circular 82 may reflect the PRC tax authorities’ general position on how the “de facto
management body” test should be applied in determining the tax resident status of offshore enterprises, regardless of whether they are
controlled by PRC enterprises. If we were to be considered a PRC resident enterprise, we would be subject to PRC enterprise income
tax at the rate of 25% on our global income. In this case, our profitability and cash flow may be materially reduced as a result of our
global income being taxed under the PRC Enterprise Income Tax Law. We believe that none of our entities outside of China is a PRC
resident enterprise for PRC tax purposes. However, the tax resident status of an enterprise is subject to determination by the PRC tax
authorities and uncertainties remain with respect to the interpretation of the term “de facto management body.”

Dividends payable to foreign investors and gains on the sale of our ADSs and/ or ordinary shares by our foreign investors may
become subject to PRC taxation.

Under the PRC Enterprise Income Tax Law and its implementation regulations, a 10% PRC withholding tax is applicable to dividends
payable by a resident enterprise to investors that are non-resident enterprises, which do not have an establishment or place of business
in the PRC or which have an establishment or place of business but the dividends are not effectively connected with the establishment
or place of business, to the extent these dividends are derived from sources within the PRC, subject to any reduction set forth in
applicable tax treaties. Similarly, any gain realized on the transfer of shares of a PRC resident enterprise by these investors is also
subject to PRC tax at a current rate of 10%, subject to any exemption set forth in relevant tax treaties. If we are deemed a PRC resident
enterprise, dividends paid on our ordinary shares or ADSs, and any gain realized by the non-resident enterprise investors from the
transfer of our ordinary shares or ADSs, may be treated as income derived from sources within the PRC and as a result be subject to
PRC taxation. See “Business Overview — Regulation — Other Regulations — Tax Regulations — PRC Enterprise Income Tax.”
Furthermore, if we are deemed a PRC resident enterprise, dividends payable to individual investors who are non-PRC residents and
any gain realized on the transfer of our ADSs and/or ordinary shares by these investors may be subject to PRC tax at a current rate of
20%, subject to any reduction or exemption set forth in applicable tax treaties. It is unclear if we or any of our subsidiaries established
outside of China are considered a PRC resident enterprise, whether holders of our ADSs and/or ordinary shares would be able to claim
the benefit of income tax treaties or agreements entered into between China and other countries or areas and claim foreign tax credit if
applicable. If dividends payable to our non-PRC investors, or gains from the transfer of our ADSs and/or ordinary shares by these
investors are subject to PRC tax, the value of your investment in our ADSs and/or ordinary shares may decline significantly.




                                                                                                         Fiscal Year 2025 Annual Report       149
      Risk Factors


      Discontinuation of preferential tax treatments we currently enjoy or other unfavorable changes in tax law could result in
      additional compliance obligations and costs.

      Chinese companies operating in the high-technology and software industry that meet relevant requirements may qualify for three main
      types of preferential treatment, which are high and new technology enterprises, software enterprises and key software enterprises
      within the scope of the PRC national plan. For a qualified high and new technology enterprise, the applicable enterprise income tax
      rate is 15%. The high and new technology enterprise qualification is re-assessed by the relevant authorities every three years.
      Moreover, a qualified software enterprise is entitled to a tax holiday consisting of a two-year tax exemption beginning from the first
      profit-making calendar year and a 50% tax reduction for the subsequent three consecutive calendar years. The software enterprise
      qualification is subject to an annual assessment. A qualified encouraged key software enterprise is entitled to a five-year enterprise
      income tax exemption beginning from the first profit-making calendar year and its applicable enterprise income tax rate for the
      following calendar year is 10%. The key software enterprise qualification is subject to an annual assessment.

      A number of our China operating entities enjoy these preferential tax treatments. There is no guarantee that these entities will be able
      to renew or maintain the above-mentioned qualifications when such qualifications expire or be able to meet new requirements under
      continuously evolving rules concerning preferential tax treatments, and if any of our China operating entities fails to do so, it will not
      be able to continue to enjoy the preferential tax treatments. For example, certain of our subsidiaries did not obtain the key software
      enterprise status for calendar years 2023 and 2024. The discontinuation of any of the various types of preferential tax treatment we
      enjoy could materially and adversely affect our results of operations. See “Management Discussion and Analysis — Operating Results
      — Taxation — PRC Income Tax.”

      We and our shareholders face uncertainties with respect to indirect transfers of equity interests in PRC resident enterprises or
      other assets attributed to a PRC establishment of a non-PRC company.

      On February 3, 2015, the STA issued Bulletin 7, which has been further amended by Bulletin 37, issued by the STA on October 17,
      2017 and amended on June 15, 2018. Pursuant to these bulletins, an “indirect transfer” of assets, including equity interests in a PRC
      resident enterprise, by non-PRC resident enterprises may be re-characterized and treated as a direct transfer of PRC taxable assets, if
      the arrangement does not have a reasonable commercial purpose and was established for the purpose of avoiding payment of PRC
      enterprise income tax. As a result, gains derived from this indirect transfer may be subject to PRC enterprise income tax.

      There are uncertainties as to the application of Bulletin 7 and Bulletin 37. Bulletin 7 may be determined by the tax authorities to be
      applicable to some of our offshore restructuring transactions or sale of the shares of our offshore subsidiaries or investments where
      PRC taxable assets are involved. The transferors and transferees may be subject to the tax filing and the transferees may be subject to
      withholding or tax payment obligation, while our PRC subsidiaries may be requested to assist in the filing. Furthermore, we, our non-
      resident enterprises and PRC subsidiaries may be required to spend valuable resources to comply with Bulletin 7 or to establish that
      we and our non-resident enterprises should not be taxed under Bulletin 7 for our previous and future restructuring or disposal of shares
      of our offshore subsidiaries, which may have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations.

      The PRC tax authorities have the discretion under Bulletin 7 to make adjustments to the taxable capital gains based on the difference
      between the fair value of the taxable assets transferred and the cost of investment. If the PRC tax authorities make adjustments to the
      taxable capital gains of the transactions under Bulletin 7, our income tax costs associated with potential acquisitions or disposals will
      increase, which may have an adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations.

      Regulations on currency exchange or outbound capital flows may limit our ability to utilize our PRC revenue effectively.

      A significant majority of our revenue is denominated in Renminbi. The Renminbi is currently convertible under the “current account,”
      which includes dividends, trade and service-related foreign exchange transactions, but requires approval from or registration with
      appropriate government authorities or designated banks under the “capital account,” which includes foreign direct investment and
      loans, including loans we may secure from our onshore subsidiaries or VIEs. Currently, our PRC subsidiaries, that are foreign invested
      enterprises, may purchase foreign currency for settlement of “current account transactions,” including payment of dividends to us,
      without the approval of SAFE by complying with certain procedural requirements. However, the relevant PRC governmental
      authorities may limit or eliminate our ability to purchase foreign currencies in the future for current account transactions.

      Since 2016, PRC governmental authorities have enhanced supervision and regulations on outbound capital flows, including
      heightened scrutiny over “irrational” overseas investments for certain industries, as well as certain “abnormal” offshore investments.




150   Alibaba Group Holding Limited
                                                                                                                     Risk Factors


On January 18, 2017, SAFE promulgated the Circular on Further Improving Reform of Foreign Exchange Administration and
Optimizing Genuineness and Compliance Verification, or Circular 3, which, among others, may simplify administrative procedures,
reinforces authenticity and compliance verification of outbound investment transactions. In addition, the Outbound Investment
Sensitive Industry Catalog (2018) lists certain sensitive industries that are subject to NDRC pre-approval requirements prior to
remitting investment funds offshore, which may subject us to increased approval requirements and restrictions with respect to our
overseas investment activity. Since a significant majority of our PRC revenue is denominated in Renminbi, any existing and future
regulations on currency exchange or outbound capital flows may limit our ability to utilize revenue generated in Renminbi to fund our
business activities outside of the PRC, make investments, service any debt we have incurred or may incur outside of China, including
our outstanding senior notes and other debt securities we may offer in the future, repurchase shares or pay dividends in foreign
currencies to our shareholders, including holders of our ADSs.

Fluctuations in exchange rates could result in foreign currency exchange losses to us.

The value of the Renminbi against the U.S. dollar and other currencies may fluctuate and is affected by, among others, changes in
political and economic conditions and the foreign exchange policy adopted by governments. It is difficult to predict how market forces
or PRC or U.S. government policy, including any interest rate increases or cuts by the Federal Reserve, may impact the exchange rate
between the Renminbi and the U.S. dollar in the future. There remains significant international pressure on the PRC government to
adopt a more flexible currency policy, including from the U.S. government. The U.S. government has labelled China a “currency
manipulator” in the past and continues to accuse China of engaging in unfair and manipulative currency practices. The U.S.
government may also take actions to eliminate perceived unfair competitive advantages created by alleged manipulating actions. Any
actions taken by the U.S. government in this regard as well as China’s possible responses could result in greater fluctuation of the
Renminbi against the U.S. dollar.

A significant majority of our revenues and costs are denominated in Renminbi, and the majority of our financial assets are also
denominated in Renminbi while a significant portion of our debt is denominated in U.S. dollars. Any significant fluctuations in the
value of the Renminbi may materially and adversely affect our liquidity and cash flows. If we decide to convert our Renminbi into
U.S. dollars for the purpose of repaying principal or interest expense on our outstanding U.S. dollar-denominated debt, repurchasing
shares, making payments for dividends on our ordinary shares or ADSs or other business purposes, appreciation of the U.S. dollar
against the Renminbi would have a negative effect on the U.S. dollar amount we would receive. Conversely, to the extent that we need
to convert U.S. dollars into Renminbi for our operations, appreciation of the Renminbi against the U.S. dollar would have an adverse
effect on the Renminbi amount we would receive. In addition, the revenues and costs of certain of our international businesses are
denominated in local currencies. Fluctuations in exchange rates of these currencies may have a material adverse effect on our financial
condition and results of operations. From time to time we enter into hedging activities with regard to exchange rate risk. There can be
no assurance that our hedging activities will fully mitigate these risks or mitigate any risk at all or that our counterparties will be able
to perform their obligations, and in addition hedging activities may result in greater volatility in our financial results.

The approval, filing or other requirements of the CSRC or other PRC regulatory authorities may be required under PRC law in
connection with any future issuance of securities overseas, and, if required, we cannot predict whether or for how long we or our
subsidiaries will be able to obtain such approval or complete such filing.

PRC laws and regulations in relation to the share issuance and listing of Chinese companies overseas have been evolving. On July 6,
2021, the relevant PRC authorities issued the Opinions on Intensifying Crack Down on Illegal Securities Activities, which called for
strengthening the administration over illegal securities activities and enhancing the supervision on overseas listings by Chinese
companies. As a follow-up, on February 17, 2023, the CSRC promulgated the Trial Administrative Measures of Overseas Securities
Offering and Listing by Domestic Companies and five supporting relevant guidelines, or collectively, the Overseas Listing Trial
Measures, which took effect on March 31, 2023. The Overseas Listing Trial Measures clarify the scope of overseas offerings and
listings by Chinese domestic companies which are subject to the filing and reporting requirements thereunder. Pursuant to the
Overseas Listing Trial Measures, an overseas offering and listing by a Chinese company, including any follow-on offering, secondary
listings or other equivalent offering activities, whether directly or indirectly, shall be filed with the CSRC. Specifically, a Chinese
company whose securities had already been listed overseas prior to the effectiveness of the Overseas Listing Trial Measures is
required to file with the CSRC with respect to any follow-on offering in the same overseas market where its securities are listed within
three business days after completion of such follow-on offering. The Overseas Listing Trial Measures have also imposed additional
reporting obligations on listed companies upon the occurrence of certain circumstances, including but not limited to change of
controlling interest and delisting. See “Business Overview — Regulation — Other Regulations — Regulation of Overseas Listing.”
There are substantial uncertainties as to the interpretation and implementation of these rules and regulations. If we fail to properly or
timely complete the reporting procedures with the CSRC upon the occurrence of the circumstances stipulated in the Overseas Listing
Trial Measures, or the filing procedures with the CSRC for our future securities offerings and listings outside of Chinese mainland, we
may be subject to penalties, sanctions and fines imposed by the CSRC and relevant departments of the State Council.




                                                                                                         Fiscal Year 2025 Annual Report        151
      Risk Factors


      PRC regulatory authorities have also promulgated laws and regulations relating to cybersecurity review of Chinese companies listing
      overseas. According to the Revised Cybersecurity Review Measures, any network platform operator possessing over one million
      users’ individual information must apply for cybersecurity review before listing abroad. As we may conduct follow-on offerings and
      our subsidiaries may seek listing overseas in the future, we and our subsidiaries may be required to apply for cybersecurity review in
      accordance with the Revised Cybersecurity Review Measures before offerings and listings, as applicable. Failure to comply with these
      laws and regulations may subject us or our subsidiaries to penalties including fines, suspension of business, prohibition against new
      user registration and revocation of required licenses. These new and evolving regulatory requirements could significantly increase our
      regulatory compliance costs, and it is uncertain whether we can, or how long it will take us to, obtain the relevant approval or
      complete the relevant reviews and filings for any offshore offerings, which would limit or hinder our ability to continue to offer
      securities to investors and the ability of our subsidiaries to seek IPOs or continue to offer securities to investors. Any uncertainties or
      negative publicity regarding such approval, reviews and filings could materially and adversely affect our business, prospects,
      reputation, and the trading prices of our ADSs and/or Shares.

      In addition, on February 24, 2023, the CSRC and other PRC governmental authorities jointly issued the revised Provisions on
      Strengthening Confidentiality and Archives Administration of Overseas Securities Offering and Listing by Domestic Companies, or
      the Revised Confidentiality Provisions, which took effect on March 31, 2023. According to the Revised Confidentiality Provisions,
      Chinese companies that directly or indirectly conduct overseas offerings and listings, shall strictly abide by the laws and regulations
      on confidentiality when providing or publicly disclosing, either directly or through their overseas listed entities, materials to securities
      service providers. In the event that such materials contain state secrets or working secrets of government agencies, companies shall
      first obtain approval from and file with relevant authorities. Any enterprise or individual that violates laws and regulations governing
      the protection of state secrets and archives administration in overseas securities offering and listing activities by Chinese enterprises
      may be subject to administrative or criminal liabilities. See “Business Overview — Regulation — Other Regulations — Regulation of
      Overseas Listing.”




152   Alibaba Group Holding Limited
                                                                                                                     Risk Factors



Risks Related to Our ADSs and Shares
The trading prices of our ADSs and Shares have been and are likely to continue to be volatile, which could result in substantial
losses to holders of our ADSs and/or Shares.

The trading prices of our ADSs and Shares have been and is likely to continue to be volatile and could fluctuate widely in response to
a variety of factors, many of which are beyond our control. For example, the high and low closing prices of our ADSs on the NYSE in
fiscal year 2025 were US$147.57 and US$68.82, respectively. Likewise, the high and low closing prices of our Shares on the Hong
Kong Stock Exchange during fiscal year 2025 were HK$143.40 and HK$66.70, respectively. In addition, the performance and
fluctuation of the market prices of other companies with business operations located mainly in China that have listed their securities in
Hong Kong and/or the United States may affect the volatility in the prices of and trading volumes for our ADSs and/or Shares. Some
of these companies have experienced significant volatility. The trading performances of these companies’ securities may affect the
overall investor sentiment towards other companies with business operations located mainly in China and listed in Hong Kong and/or
the United States and consequently may impact the trading performance of our ADSs and/or Shares. In addition to market and
industry factors, the prices and trading volumes for our ADSs and/or Shares may be highly volatile for specific reasons, including:

             variations in our results of operations or earnings that are not in line with market or securities research analyst
              expectations or changes in financial estimates by securities research analysts;

             regulatory developments, including new laws and regulations issued and the overall trend of government enforcement
              actions;

             macroeconomic environment, including long-term and short-term fiscal and monetary policies;

             publication of operating or industry metrics by third parties, including government statistical agencies, that differ from
              expectations of industry or securities research analysts;

             announcements made by us or our competitors of new product and service offerings, AI and other technologies,
              acquisitions, strategic relationships, joint ventures or capital commitments;

             media and other reports, whether or not comprehensive or true, about our business, our lead founder Jack Ma or other
              directors and management, Ant Group or our ecosystem participants, changes in our corporate structure, capital markets
              and other financing transactions, including negative reports published by short sellers, regardless of their veracity or
              materiality to us;

             litigation and regulatory allegations, inspections, investigations, proceedings or enforcements that involve us or our
              ecosystem participants, including our third-party service providers, such as our professional service providers including
              financial institutions, accountants, auditors, legal counsel and other professional service providers;

             changes in pricing or other business practices we or our competitors adopt;

             additions to or departures of our management or other key personnel;

             actual or perceived general industry, regulatory, economic and business conditions and trends in China and globally, due
              to various reasons, including changes in geopolitical landscape;

             some investors or analysts may invest in or value our ADSs and/or Shares based on the economic performance of the
              Chinese economy, which may not be correlated to our financial performance;

             the inclusion, exclusion, or removal of our ADSs and/or Shares from market indices;




                                                                                                         Fiscal Year 2025 Annual Report     153
      Risk Factors


                   political or market instability or disruptions, pandemics or epidemics and other disruptions to China’s economy or the
                    global economy, and actual or perceived social unrest in the United States, Hong Kong or other jurisdictions;

                   fluctuations of exchange rates among the Renminbi, the Hong Kong dollar and the U.S. dollar;

                   sales or perceived potential sales or other dispositions of existing or additional ADSs and/or Shares or other equity or
                    equity-linked securities, or issuance of ADSs or Shares upon conversion of the convertible senior notes.

      Any of these factors may result in large and sudden changes in the volume and trading prices of our ADSs and/or Shares. In addition,
      the stock market has from time to time experienced significant price and volume fluctuations that are unrelated to the operating
      performance of particular companies and industries. These fluctuations may include a so-called “bubble market” in which investors
      temporarily raise the price of the stocks of companies in certain industries, such as the technology industry, to unsustainable levels.
      These market fluctuations may significantly affect the trading prices of our ADSs and/or Shares. In the past, following periods of
      volatility in the market price of a company’s securities, shareholders have often instituted securities class action litigation against that
      company. We were named as a defendant in certain purported shareholder class action lawsuits described in “Business Overview —
      Legal and Administrative Proceedings – Shareholder Class Action Lawsuits.” The litigation process of defending against such
      lawsuits may utilize a material portion of our cash resources and divert management’s attention from our day-to-day operations, all of
      which could harm our business. If adversely determined, such class action suits may have a material adverse effect on our financial
      condition and results of operations.

      Substantial future sales or perceived potential sales of our ADSs, Shares, or other equity or equity-linked securities in the public
      market could cause the price of our ADSs and/or Shares to decline significantly.

      Sales of our ADSs, Shares, or other equity or equity-linked securities in the public market, or the perception that these sales could
      occur, could cause the market price of our ADSs and/or Shares to decline significantly. All of our Shares trading on the Hong Kong
      Stock Exchange and Shares represented by ADSs are freely transferable by persons other than our affiliates without restriction or
      additional registration under the U.S. Securities Act. The Shares held by our affiliates and other shareholders are also available for
      sale, subject to volume and other restrictions as applicable under Rules 144 and 701 under the U.S. Securities Act, under sales plans
      adopted pursuant to Rule 10b5-1 or otherwise. Divestitures of our ADSs and/or Shares by shareholders, announcements of any plan to
      divest our ADSs and/or Shares, or hedging activities by third-party financial institutions in connection with derivatives or other
      financing arrangements entered into by shareholders, could also cause the price of our ADSs and/or Shares to decline.

      Conversion of the convertible senior notes may dilute the ownership interest of our existing shareholders and ADS holders.

      The conversion of some or all of our convertible senior notes will dilute the ownership interests of existing ordinary shareholders and
      holders of the ADSs. Any conversion of the convertible senior notes into ordinary shares or ADSs could depress the market price of
      our ordinary shares and ADSs if such ordinary shares or ADSs are sold into the secondary market. While we have entered into capped
      call transactions to reduce the potential dilution with respect to our ordinary shares and ADSs upon such conversion and/or offset any
      cash payments that we will be then required to make in excess of the principal amount of the converted notes, such strategy with
      respect to the capped call transactions is subject to the risks described below, under “— The capped call transactions may affect the
      market price of the ADSs” and “— We are subject to counterparty risk with respect to the capped call transactions.” Furthermore, if
      the market price of our ADSs exceeds the cap price of the capped call transactions at maturity of the convertible senior notes, the
      number of ADSs we would get upon exercising the capped call would be less than what should be delivered to the noteholders, and
      thus there would nevertheless be dilution upon conversion of the convertible senior notes at maturity. Moreover, if we are to settle the
      capped call in cash, there would be no ADSs delivered to us and there may also be dilution upon conversion of the convertible senior
      notes. In addition, if a portion of the capped call transactions are terminated early in connection with an early conversion of a portion
      of the convertible senior notes and the difference between the market price and the conversion price of our ADSs at such time exceeds
      the allocable amount per ADS that we receive as a termination payment in respect of such early termination, there would still be
      dilution upon conversion of such convertible senior notes.




154   Alibaba Group Holding Limited
                                                                                                                    Risk Factors


The capped call transactions may affect the market price of our ordinary shares and ADSs.

We have entered into privately negotiated capped call transactions with the option counterparties in connection with the convertible
senior notes. The capped call transactions are generally expected to reduce potential dilution to the ADSs and the ordinary shares
represented thereby upon any conversion of the convertible senior notes and/or offset any cash payments that we will be then required
to make in excess of the principal amount of the converted notes, with such reduction and/or offset subject to a cap.

The option counterparties or their respective affiliates have established and may modify their hedge positions by entering into or
unwinding various derivative transactions with respect to the ADSs, the convertible senior notes or other securities of ours and/or
purchasing or selling the ADSs, the convertible senior notes or other securities of ours in secondary market transactions prior to the
maturity of the convertible senior notes (and are likely to do so following any conversion of the convertible senior notes, repurchase of
the convertible senior notes by us, in each case, if we opt to unwind the relevant portion of the capped call transactions early). The
effect, if any, of this activity on the market price of our ADSs and other securities will depend on a variety of factors, including market
conditions, and cannot be ascertained at this time. Any of this activity could, however, also cause or avoid an increase or a decrease in
the market price of the ADSs or other securities of ours. In addition, any of the option counterparties may choose to engage in, or to
discontinue engaging in, any of these transactions with or without notice at any time, and its decisions will be in its sole discretion and
not within our control. Moreover, if any such capped call transaction fails to become effective, the capped call option counterparty
thereto and/or its respective affiliate may unwind its hedge positions with respect to such transaction, which could adversely affect the
price of our ADSs and other securities.

We are subject to counterparty risk with respect to the capped call transactions.

The option counterparties of the capped call transactions we have entered into in connection with our convertible senior notes are
financial institutions, and we will be subject to the risk that one or more of the option counterparties may default or otherwise fail to
perform, or may exercise certain rights to terminate, their obligations under the capped call transactions. Our exposure to the credit
risk of the option counterparties will not be secured by any collateral. If any capped call option counterparty becomes subject to
insolvency proceedings, we will become an unsecured creditor in those proceedings with a claim equal to our exposure at the time
under such transaction. Our exposure will depend on many factors but, generally, our exposure will increase if the market price or the
volatility of our ADSs increases. In addition, upon a default or other failure to perform, or a termination of obligations, by a capped
call option counterparty, we may suffer more dilution than we currently anticipate with respect to the ADSs and the underlying
ordinary shares. We can provide no assurances as to the financial stability or viability of the option counterparties.

Changes to our shareholder return initiatives may adversely affect the trading prices of our ADSs and Shares.

We have implemented shareholder return initiatives through share repurchases and dividends. We continually assess our shareholder
return initiatives based on a number of factors, including without limitation, business fundamentals, capital requirements, financial
conditions and share price, and may adjust our shareholder return initiatives from time to time.

Adjustments to our shareholder return initiatives that result in any reduction in share repurchases or dividends may harm our
reputation and investor confidence in us, which could adversely affect the trading prices of our ADSs, Shares or other securities.

An active trading market for our ordinary shares on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, our ADSs on the NYSE and/or our other
securities might not be sustained and trading prices of our ordinary shares, ADSs and/or our other securities might fluctuate
significantly.

Since our listing in Hong Kong in 2019, we have consistently been one of the most actively-traded companies on the Hong Kong
Stock Exchange. However, we cannot assure you that an active trading market for our ordinary shares on the Hong Kong Stock
Exchange will be sustained. In addition, we cannot assure you that an active trading market for our ADSs on the NYSE or for our
other securities will be sustained. For example, since our listing in Hong Kong in 2019, investors have been converting our ADSs into
Shares listed in Hong Kong and vice versa. If our investors convert a significant portion of our ADSs into Shares listed in Hong Kong
or if such conversions happen suddenly or at a rapid pace, the price and liquidity of our ADSs could be severely impacted. The trading
price or liquidity for our ADSs on the NYSE and the trading price or liquidity for our ordinary shares on the Hong Kong Stock
Exchange in the past might not be indicative of those of our ADSs on the NYSE and our ordinary shares on the Hong Kong Stock
Exchange in the future. In addition, legislation, executive orders and other regulatory actions, such as the HFCA Act and U.S.
Executive Order 13959, may cause our ADSs to be delisted from the NYSE. See “— Risks Related to Doing Business in the People’s
Republic of China — Our ADSs will be delisted and our ADSs and shares prohibited from trading in the United States under the
Holding Foreign Companies Accountable Act, as amended, if the PCAOB is unable to inspect or investigate completely auditors
located in China.” See also “— Risks Related to Our Business and Industry — Changes in national trade or investment policies and
barriers to trade or investment, and any ongoing geopolitical conflict, may have an adverse effect on our business and expansion plans,
and could lead to the delisting of our securities from U.S. exchanges and/or other restrictions or prohibitions on investing in our




                                                                                                         Fiscal Year 2025 Annual Report       155
      Risk Factors


      securities.” If an active trading market of our ordinary shares on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, our ADSs on the NYSE or our other
      securities is not sustained, the market price and liquidity of our ordinary shares, our ADSs or our other securities, could be materially
      and adversely affected, and there may be difficulties in enforcing obligations with respect to our other securities.

      In 2014, the Hong Kong, Shanghai and Shenzhen Stock Exchanges collaborated to create an inter-exchange trading mechanism called
      Stock Connect that allows international and mainland Chinese investors to trade eligible equity securities listed in each other’s
      markets through the trading and clearing facilities of their home exchange. Stock Connect allows certain mainland Chinese investors
      to trade directly in eligible equity securities listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, known as Southbound Trading. Our ordinary
      shares, which trade on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, have been included in the Shanghai-Hong Kong Stock Connect and the
      Shenzhen-Hong Kong Stock Connect programs since September 10, 2024, so that eligible investors in Chinese mainland now have
      access to the trading of our ordinary shares. If our ordinary shares subsequently become ineligible for or are removed from any of the
      Stock Connect programs, the market price and liquidity of our ordinary shares, our ADSs or our other securities could be materially
      and adversely affected.

      The different characteristics of the capital markets in Hong Kong and the U.S. may negatively affect the trading prices of our
      ADSs and Shares.

      As a dual-listed company, we are subject to Hong Kong and NYSE listing and regulatory requirements concurrently. The Hong Kong
      Stock Exchange and the NYSE have different trading hours, trading characteristics (including trading volume and liquidity), trading
      and listing rules, transaction costs and investor bases (including different levels of retail and institutional participation). As a result of
      these differences, the trading prices of our ADSs and our Shares may not be the same, even allowing for currency differences.
      Fluctuations in the price of our ADSs due to circumstances peculiar to the U.S. capital markets could materially and adversely affect
      the price of the Shares, or vice versa. Certain events having significant negative impact specifically on the U.S. capital markets may
      result in a decline in the trading price of our Shares notwithstanding that such event may not impact the trading prices of other
      securities listed in Hong Kong generally or to the same extent, or vice versa.

      We may in the future conduct a public offering and listing of our equity securities in Shanghai or Shenzhen, which may result in
      increased regulatory scrutiny and compliance costs as well as increased fluctuations in the prices of our ADSs and Shares.

      We may conduct a public offering and/or listing of our equity securities on a stock exchange in Shanghai or Shenzhen in the future.
      We have not set a specific timetable or decided on any specific form for an offering in Shanghai or Shenzhen and may not ultimately
      conduct an offering and listing. The precise timing of the offering and/or listing of our equity securities in Shanghai or Shenzhen
      would depend on a number of factors, including relevant regulatory developments and market conditions. If we complete a public
      offering or listing in Shanghai or Shenzhen, we would become subject to the applicable laws, rules and regulations governing public
      companies listed in Shanghai or Shenzhen, in addition to the various laws, rules and regulations that we are subject to in the United
      States and Hong Kong as a dual-listed company. The listing and trading of our equity securities in multiple jurisdictions and multiple
      markets may lead to increased compliance costs for us, and we may face the risk of significant intervention by regulatory authorities in
      these jurisdictions and markets.

      In addition, under current PRC laws, rules and regulations, the ADSs and Shares, will not be interchangeable or fungible with any
      equity securities we may decide to list on a stock exchange in Shanghai or Shenzhen, and there is no trading or settlement between
      either the NYSE or the Hong Kong Stock Exchange and stock exchanges in Shanghai or Shenzhen. Furthermore, the NYSE, the Hong
      Kong Stock Exchange and stock exchanges in Shanghai or Shenzhen have different trading characteristics and investor bases,
      including different levels of retail and institutional participation. As a result of these differences, the trading prices of our ADSs and
      Shares, accounting for the ADS ratio, may not be the same as the trading prices of any equity securities we may decide to offer and/or
      list in Shanghai or Shenzhen. The issuance of a separate class of shares and fluctuations in its trading price may also lead to increased
      volatility in, and may otherwise materially decrease, the prices of our ADSs and Shares.




156   Alibaba Group Holding Limited
                                                                                                                        Risk Factors


Our shareholders may face difficulties in protecting their interests, and the ability of our shareholders, the SEC, the DOJ, and
other U.S. authorities to bring actions against us may be limited in the foreign jurisdictions where we operate.

We are incorporated in the Cayman Islands and conduct a substantial portion of our operations in China through our subsidiaries and
the VIEs. Most of our directors and substantially all of our executive officers reside outside the United States and Hong Kong and a
substantial portion of their assets are located outside of the United States and Hong Kong. As a result, it may be difficult or impossible
for our shareholders (including holders of our ADSs and Shares) to bring an action against us or against these individuals in the
Cayman Islands or in China in the event that they believe that their rights have been infringed under the securities laws of the United
States, Hong Kong or otherwise. Even if shareholders are successful in bringing an action of this kind, the laws of the Cayman Islands
and China may render them unable to enforce a judgment against our assets or the assets of our directors and officers. There is no
statutory recognition in the Cayman Islands of judgments obtained in the United States, Hong Kong or Chinese mainland, although the
courts of the Cayman Islands will generally recognize and enforce a non-penal judgment of a foreign court of competent jurisdiction
without retrial on the merits.

Our corporate affairs are governed by our Memorandum and Articles of Association, and by the Companies Act as well as common
law of the Cayman Islands. The rights of shareholders to take legal action against us and our directors, actions by minority
shareholders and the fiduciary duties of our directors are to a large extent governed by the common law of the Cayman Islands. The
common law of the Cayman Islands is derived in part from comparatively limited judicial precedent in the Cayman Islands as well as
from English common law, which provides persuasive, but not binding, authority in a court in the Cayman Islands. The rights of our
shareholders and the fiduciary duties of our directors under Cayman Islands law are not as clearly established as they would be under
statutes or judicial precedents in the United States and Hong Kong. In particular, the Cayman Islands has a less-developed body of
securities laws than the United States and Hong Kong and provides significantly less protection to investors. In addition, shareholders
in Cayman Islands companies may not have standing to initiate a shareholder derivative action in U.S. federal courts or Hong Kong
courts.

Our Articles provide that in the event that any shareholder initiates or asserts any claim or counterclaim against us, or joins, offers
substantial assistance to or has a direct financial interest in any claim or counterclaim against us, and does not obtain a judgment on
the merits in which the initiating or asserting party prevails, then the shareholder will be obligated to reimburse us for all fees, costs
and expenses (including, but not limited to, all reasonable attorneys’ fees and other litigation expenses) that we may incur in
connection with such claim or counterclaim. These fees, costs and expenses that may be shifted to a shareholder under this provision
are potentially significant and this fee-shifting provision is not limited to specific types of actions, but is rather potentially applicable
to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law.

Our fee-shifting provision may dissuade or discourage our shareholders (and their attorneys) from initiating lawsuits or claims against
us or may impact the fees, contingency or otherwise, required by attorneys to represent our shareholders. Fee-shifting provisions such
as ours are relatively new and untested. There can be no assurance that we will or will not invoke our fee-shifting provision in any
particular dispute, or that we will be successful in obtaining fees if we choose to invoke the provision.

In addition, our Articles are specific to us and include certain provisions that may be different from common practices in Hong Kong,
such as the minimum shareholding required to requisition an extraordinary general meeting is one-third of the voting rights of our
issued shares which are entitled to vote at general meetings, as opposed to the threshold of 10% voting rights in Hong Kong.

Furthermore, due to jurisdictional limitations, matters of comity and various other factors, the ability of U.S. authorities, such as the
SEC and the DOJ, to investigate and bring enforcement actions against companies may be limited in foreign jurisdictions, including
China. Local laws may constrain our and our directors’ and officers’ ability to cooperate with such an investigation or action. For
example, according to Article 177 of the PRC Securities Law, no overseas securities regulator is allowed to directly conduct
investigations or evidence collection activities within the territory of the PRC. Accordingly, without the consent of the competent PRC
securities regulators and relevant authorities, no organization or individual may provide documents or materials relating to securities
business activities to overseas parties. As a result of the foregoing, our public shareholders may have more difficulty in protecting
their interests through actions against us, our management, our directors, our officers or our major shareholders, than they otherwise
would with respect to a corporation incorporated in a jurisdiction in the United States or Hong Kong. Shareholder protection through
actions by the SEC, the DOJ and other U.S. authorities also may be limited.




                                                                                                            Fiscal Year 2025 Annual Report      157
      Risk Factors


      As a foreign private issuer in the United States, we are permitted to and we will, rely on exemptions from certain NYSE corporate
      governance standards applicable to domestic U.S. issuers. This may afford less protection to holders of our ADSs.

      We are exempted from certain corporate governance requirements of the NYSE by virtue of being a foreign private issuer in the
      United States. We are required to provide a brief description of the significant differences between our corporate governance practices
      and the corporate governance practices required to be followed by domestic U.S. companies listed on the NYSE. The standards
      applicable to us are considerably different than the standards applied to domestic U.S. issuers. For instance, we are not required to:

                   have a majority of the board be independent (although all of the members of the audit committee must be independent
                    under the U.S. Exchange Act);

                   have a compensation committee or a nominating or corporate governance committee consisting entirely of independent
                    directors;

                   have regularly scheduled executive sessions for non-management directors; or

                   have executive sessions of solely independent directors each year.

      We have relied on and intend to continue to rely on some of these exemptions. As a result, holders of our ADSs may not be provided
      with the benefits of certain corporate governance requirements of the NYSE.

      As a foreign private issuer in the United States, we are exempt from certain disclosure requirements under the U.S. Exchange Act,
      which may afford less protection to holders of our ADSs than they would enjoy if we were a domestic U.S. company.

      As a foreign private issuer in the United States, we are exempt from, among others, the rules prescribing the furnishing and content of
      proxy statements under the U.S. Exchange Act and the rules relating to selective disclosure of material non-public information under
      Regulation FD under the U.S. Exchange Act. In addition, our executive officers, directors and principal shareholders are exempt from
      the reporting and short-swing profit and recovery provisions contained in Section 16 of the U.S. Exchange Act. We are also not
      required under the U.S. Exchange Act to file periodic reports and financial statements with the SEC as frequently or as promptly as
      domestic U.S. companies with securities registered under the U.S. Exchange Act. For example, in addition to annual reports with
      audited financial statements, domestic U.S. companies are required to file with the SEC quarterly reports that include interim financial
      statements reviewed by an independent registered public accounting firm and certified by the companies’ principal executive and
      financial officers. By contrast, as a foreign private issuer, we are not required to file such quarterly reports with the SEC or to provide
      quarterly certifications by our principal executive and financial officers. As a result, holders of our ADSs may be afforded less
      protection than they would under the U.S. Exchange Act rules applicable to domestic U.S. companies.

      We adopt different practices as to certain matters as compared with many other companies listed on the Hong Kong Stock
      Exchange.

      We completed our public offering in Hong Kong in November 2019 and the trading of our Shares on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange
      commenced on November 26, 2019 under the stock code “9988.” On June 19, 2023, we announced the addition of a Renminbi counter
      for trading our Shares under the stock code “89988.” We voluntarily converted our secondary listing status to a primary listing status
      on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, effective August 28, 2024, and we became subject to certain provisions of the Hong Kong Listing
      Rules, the Takeovers Codes and the SFO that were previously waived, exempted or not applicable to us as a secondary-listed company
      on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange. Nevertheless, we have been granted and still enjoy a number of waivers from strict compliance
      with the Hong Kong Listing Rules and continue to adopt different practices as to those matters, including but not limited to the
      accounting standards we use to prepare our consolidated financial statements and certain shareholder protection requirements, as
      compared with other companies listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange that do not enjoy those waivers.




158   Alibaba Group Holding Limited
                                                                                                                    Risk Factors


The voting rights of holders of our ADSs are limited by the terms of the Deposit Agreement.

Holders of our ADSs may exercise their voting rights with respect to the ordinary shares underlying their ADSs only in accordance
with the provisions of the Deposit Agreement. Upon receipt of voting instructions from them in the manner set forth in the Deposit
Agreement, the depositary for our ADSs will endeavor to vote their underlying ordinary shares in accordance with these instructions.
Under our Articles of Association, the minimum notice period required is 21 days for convening an annual general meeting and 14
days for convening an interim general meeting. When a general meeting is convened, holders of our ADSs may not receive sufficient
notice of a shareholders’ meeting to permit them to withdraw their ordinary shares to allow them to cast their votes with respect to any
specific matter at the meeting. In addition, the depositary and its agents may not be able to send voting instructions to holders of our
ADSs or carry out their voting instructions in a timely manner. We will make all reasonable efforts to cause the depositary to extend
voting rights to holders of our ADSs in a timely manner, but they may not receive the voting materials in time to ensure that they can
instruct the depositary to vote the ordinary shares underlying their ADSs. Furthermore, the depositary and its agents will not be
responsible for any failure to carry out any instructions to vote, for the manner in which any vote is cast or for the effect of any vote.
As a result, holders of our ADSs may not be able to exercise their rights to vote and they may lack recourse if the ordinary shares
underlying their ADSs are not voted as they requested.

The depositary for our ADSs will give us a discretionary proxy to vote our ordinary shares underlying the ADSs if holders of these
ADSs do not give voting instructions to the depositary, except in limited circumstances, which could adversely affect the interests of
holders of our ordinary shares and ADSs.

Under the Deposit Agreement for our ADSs, the depositary will give us a discretionary proxy to vote the ordinary shares underlying
the ADSs at shareholders’ meetings if holders of these ADSs do not give voting instructions to the depositary, unless:

             we have failed to timely provide the depositary with our notice of meeting and related voting materials;

             we have instructed the depositary that we do not wish a discretionary proxy to be given;

             we have informed the depositary that there is substantial opposition as to a matter to be voted on at the meeting;

             a matter to be voted on at the meeting would have a material adverse impact on shareholders; or

             voting at the meeting is made on a show of hands.

The effect of this discretionary proxy is that, if holders of our ADSs fail to give voting instructions to the depositary, they cannot
prevent our ordinary shares underlying their ADSs from being voted, absent the situations described above, and it may make it more
difficult for shareholders to influence our management. Holders of our ordinary shares are not subject to this discretionary proxy.

Holders of our ADSs may be subject to limitations on transfer of their ADSs.

ADSs are transferable on the books of the depositary. However, the depositary may close its transfer books at any time or from time to
time when it deems expedient in connection with the performance of its duties. In addition, the depositary may refuse to deliver,
transfer or register transfers of ADSs generally when our books or the books of the depositary are closed, or at any time if we or the
depositary deems it advisable to do so because of any requirement of law or of any government or governmental body, or under any
provision of the Deposit Agreement, or for any other reason.




                                                                                                        Fiscal Year 2025 Annual Report       159
      Risk Factors


      Holders of our ADSs may not receive distributions on our ordinary shares or any value for them if it is illegal or impractical to
      make them available to them.

      The depositary of our ADSs has agreed to pay holders of our ADSs the cash dividends or other distributions it or the custodian for our
      ADSs receives on our ordinary shares or other deposited securities after deducting its fees and expenses. Holders of our ADSs will
      receive these distributions in proportion to the number of our ordinary shares that their ADSs represent. However, the depositary is not
      responsible for making these payments or distributions if it is unlawful or impractical to make a distribution available to any holders
      of ADSs. For example, it would be unlawful to make a distribution to a holder of ADSs if the distribution consists of securities that
      require registration under the U.S. Securities Act but that are not properly registered or distributed pursuant to an applicable
      exemption from registration. The depositary is not responsible for making a distribution available to any holders of ADSs if any
      government approval or registration required for the distribution cannot be obtained after reasonable efforts made by the depositary.
      We have no obligation to take any other action to permit the distribution of our ADSs, ordinary shares, rights or anything else to
      holders of our ADSs. This means that holders of our ADSs may not receive the distributions we make on our ordinary shares or any
      value for them if it is illegal or impractical for us to make them available. These restrictions may materially reduce the value of the
      ADSs.

      Exchange between our Shares and our ADSs may adversely affect the liquidity and/or trading price of each other.

      Our ADSs are currently traded on the NYSE. Subject to compliance with U.S. securities law and the terms of the Deposit Agreement,
      holders of our Shares may deposit Shares with the depositary in exchange for the issuance of our ADSs. Any holder of ADSs may also
      withdraw the Shares underlying the ADSs pursuant to the terms of the Deposit Agreement for trading on the Hong Kong Stock
      Exchange. In the event that a substantial number of Shares are deposited with the depositary in exchange for ADSs or vice versa, the
      liquidity and trading price of our Shares on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange and our ADSs on the NYSE may be adversely affected.

      The time required for the exchange between ADSs and Shares might be longer than expected and investors might not be able to
      settle or effect any sale of their securities during this period, and the exchange of Shares into ADSs involves costs.

      There is no direct trading or settlement between the NYSE and the Hong Kong Stock Exchange on which our ADSs and the Shares
      are respectively traded. In addition, the time differences between Hong Kong and New York and unforeseen market circumstances or
      other factors may delay the deposit of Shares in exchange of ADSs or the withdrawal of Shares underlying the ADSs. Investors will be
      prevented from settling or effecting the sale of their securities during such periods of delay. In addition, there is no assurance that any
      exchange of Shares into ADSs (and vice versa) will be completed in accordance with the timelines investors may anticipate.

      Furthermore, the depositary for the ADSs is entitled to charge holders fees for various services including for the issuance of ADSs
      upon deposit of Shares, cancelation of ADSs, distributions of cash dividends or other cash distributions, distributions of ADSs
      pursuant to share dividends or other free share distributions, distributions of securities other than ADSs and annual service fees. As a
      result, shareholders who exchange Shares into ADSs, and vice versa, may not achieve the level of economic return the shareholders
      may anticipate.

      We may be or may become a passive foreign investment company, which could result in adverse United States federal income tax
      consequences to United States investors.

      Based on the composition of our income and assets, and the valuation of our assets, including goodwill, we do not believe we were a
      passive foreign investment company, or PFIC, for our most recent taxable year ended March 31, 2025, although there can be no
      assurance in this regard. The determination of whether or not we are a PFIC is made on an annual basis and will depend on the
      composition of our income and assets and the valuation of our assets from time to time. Specifically, we will be classified as a PFIC
      for United States federal income tax purposes for any taxable year if either: (i) 75% or more of our gross income for that taxable year
      is passive income, or (ii) at least 50% of the value (generally determined on a quarterly basis) of our assets for that taxable year is
      attributable to assets that produce or are held for the production of passive income, or the asset test. There is uncertainty with respect
      to the value of our assets that should be taken into account for purposes of the asset test, and the significant volatility and decline in
      the trading prices of our ADSs and ordinary shares in recent years have increased the risk that we were or could be treated as a PFIC
      for our most recent taxable year. There also can be no assurance that we will not be a PFIC for the current or any future taxable year.
      In particular, any further decline in the trading price of our ADSs and ordinary shares may result in our becoming a PFIC. See “Other
      Information for Shareholders — Taxation — Material United States Federal Income Tax Considerations — Passive Foreign
      Investment Company.”




160   Alibaba Group Holding Limited
                                                                                                                  Risk Factors


In addition, it is not entirely clear how the contractual arrangements between us and the VIEs will be treated for purposes of the PFIC
rules. If it were determined that we do not own the stock of the VIEs for United States federal income tax purposes (for example,
because the relevant PRC authorities do not respect these arrangements), we may be treated as a PFIC. See “Other Information for
Shareholders — Taxation — Material United States Federal Income Tax Considerations — Passive Foreign Investment Company.”

If we are or were to become a PFIC, there may be adverse United States federal income tax consequences to our shareholders and
holders of our ADSs that are United States investors. For example, if we are a PFIC for any taxable year during which any such
United States investor holds our ADSs or ordinary shares, such United States investor may become subject to increased tax liabilities
under United States federal income tax laws and regulations, and will become subject to burdensome reporting requirements. See
“Other Information for Shareholders — Taxation — Material United States Federal Income Tax Considerations — Passive Foreign
Investment Company.” You are urged to consult your own tax advisors concerning the United States federal income tax consequences
of the application of the PFIC rules.

There is uncertainty as to whether Hong Kong stamp duty will apply to the trading or conversion of our ADSs.

We have established a branch register of members in Hong Kong, or the Hong Kong share register. Our ordinary shares that are traded
on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange are registered on the Hong Kong share register, and the trading of these ordinary shares on the
Hong Kong Stock Exchange are subject to the Hong Kong stamp duty. Under the Hong Kong Stamp Duty Ordinance, any person who
effects any sale or purchase of Hong Kong stock, defined as stock the transfer of which is required to be registered in Hong Kong, is
required to pay Hong Kong stamp duty. To facilitate ADS-ordinary share conversion and trading between the NYSE and the Hong
Kong Stock Exchange, we have moved a portion of our issued ordinary shares from our Cayman share register to our Hong Kong
share register.

To the best of our knowledge, Hong Kong stamp duty has not been levied in practice on the trading or conversion of ADSs of
companies that are listed in both the United States and Hong Kong and that have maintained all or a portion of their ordinary shares,
including ordinary shares underlying ADSs, in their Hong Kong share registers. However, it is unclear whether, as a matter of Hong
Kong law, the trading or conversion of ADSs of these dual-listed companies constitutes a sale or purchase of the underlying Hong
Kong-registered ordinary shares that is subject to Hong Kong stamp duty. We advise investors to consult their own tax advisors on
this matter. If Hong Kong stamp duty is determined by the competent authority to apply to the trading or conversion of our ADSs, the
trading price and the value of your investment in our ADSs or ordinary shares may be affected.




                                                                                                       Fiscal Year 2025 Annual Report     161
      Directors, Senior Management and Employees

      Directors and Senior Management
      The following table sets forth certain information relating to our directors and executive officers.

      Name(1)                                     Age       Position/Title
      Joseph C. TSAI†(a)                          61        Chairman
      Eddie Yongming WU†(b)                       50        Director and Chief Executive Officer
      J. Michael EVANS†(a)                        67        Director and President
      Maggie Wei WU†(c)                           57        Director(d)
      Jerry YANG(b)                               56        Independent director
      Wan Ling MARTELLO(b)                        67        Independent director
      Weijian SHAN(c)                             71        Independent director
      Irene Yun-Lien LEE(a)                       71        Independent director
      Albert Kong Ping NG(b)                      67        Independent director
      Kabir MISRA(c)                              56        Independent director
      Toby Hong XU                                52        Chief Financial Officer
      Jane Fang JIANG                             51        Chief People Officer
      Sara Siying YU                              50        General Counsel
      Fan JIANG                                   39        Chief Executive Officer, Alibaba E-commerce Business Group
      † Director nominated by the Alibaba Partnership.
      (a)   Group I directors. Current term of office will expire at our 2027 annual general meeting.
      (b)   Group II directors. Current term of office will expire at our 2025 annual general meeting.
      (c)   Group III directors. Current term of office will expire at our 2026 annual general meeting.
      (d)   Beginning from April 1, 2025, Maggie Wu has started to serve as non-executive director.
      (1)   The business address of our directors and executive officers is 26/F Tower One, Times Square, 1 Matheson Street, Causeway Bay, Hong Kong SAR., the People’s
            Republic of China.


      Biographical Information

      Joseph C. TSAI (蔡崇信) joined our company in 1999 as a member of the Alibaba founding team and has served on our board of
      directors since our inception. He was chief financial officer until 2013, our executive vice chairman until September 2023 and
      currently serves as our Chairman. Joe is a founding member of the Alibaba Partnership and a board member of our affiliate Ant
      Group. From 1995 to 1999, Joe was a private equity investor based in Asia with Investor AB of Sweden’s Wallenberg family. Prior to
      that, he was general counsel of Rosecliff, Inc., a management buyout firm based in New York. From 1990 to 1993, Joe was an
      associate attorney in the tax group of Sullivan & Cromwell LLP, a New York-based international law firm. Joe is qualified to practice
      law in the State of New York. Joe received his bachelor’s degree in Economics and East Asian Studies from Yale College and a juris
      doctor degree from Yale Law School.

      Eddie Yongming WU (吴泳銘) has served as our Chief Executive Officer and director since September 2023. Eddie is one of our co-
      founders and a member of the Alibaba Partnership. Eddie was technology director of Alibaba at the company’s inception in 1999. He
      served as chief technology officer of Alipay from December 2004, and became business director of our monetization platform,
      Alimama, in November 2005 and was promoted to its general manager in December 2007. In September 2008, he became chief
      technology officer of Taobao, and in October 2011 he took on the role of head of Alibaba Group’s search, advertising and mobile
      business. Eddie served as a non-executive director of Alibaba Health Information Technology Limited, a company listed on the Main
      Board of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, from April 2015 to October 2021 and chairman of Alibaba Health from April 2015 to
      March 2020. From September 2014 to September 2019, Eddie was a special assistant to Alibaba Group’s chairman. In August 2015,
      Eddie founded Vision Plus Capital, a venture capital firm focused on investing in the areas of advanced technologies, enterprise
      services and digital healthcare. Eddie graduated from the College of Information Engineering of Zhejiang University of Technology in
      June 1996.




162   Alibaba Group Holding Limited
                                                        Directors, Senior Management and Employees


J. Michael EVANS has been our president since August 2015 and our director since September 2014. Mike served as vice chairman
of The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. from February 2008 until his retirement in December 2013. He served as chairman of Asia
operations at Goldman Sachs from 2004 to 2013 and was the global head of Growth Markets at Goldman Sachs from January 2011 to
December 2013. He also co-chaired the Business Standards Committee of Goldman Sachs from 2010 to 2013. Mike joined Goldman
Sachs in 1993, became a partner of the firm in 1994 and held various leadership positions within the firm’s securities business while
based in New York and London, including global head of equity capital markets and global co-head of the equities division, and
global co-head of the securities business. Mike is a trustee of the Asia Society and a member of the Advisory Council for the
Bendheim Center for Finance at Princeton University. Mike received his bachelor’s degree in politics from Princeton University in
1981.

Maggie Wei WU (武衛) has been our director since September 2020. Maggie joined our company in July 2007 as chief financial
officer of Alibaba.com. She served as our chief financial officer from May 2013 to March 2022 and our head of strategic investments
from June 2019 to March 2022. She was voted the best CFO in FinanceAsia’s annual poll for Asia’s Best Managed Companies in
2010. In 2018, she was named as one of the world’s 100 most powerful women by Forbes. Before joining Alibaba, Maggie was an
audit partner at KPMG in Beijing. Maggie is a member of the Association of Chartered Certified Accountants (ACCA). She received a
bachelor’s degree in accounting from Capital University of Economics and Business.

Jerry YANG (楊致遠) has been our director since September 2014. Jerry previously served as our director from October 2005 to
January 2012. Since March 2012, Jerry has served as the founding partner of AME Cloud Ventures, a venture capital firm. Jerry is a
co-founder of Yahoo! Inc., and served as Chief Yahoo! and as a member of its board of directors from March 1995 to January 2012.
In addition, he served as Yahoo!’s chief executive officer from June 2007 to January 2009. From January 1996 to January 2012, Jerry
served as a director of Yahoo! Japan. Jerry also served as an independent director of Cisco Systems, Inc. from July 2000 to November
2012 and Lenovo Group Limited, a company listed on the Main Board of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, from November 2014 to
November 2023. He is currently an independent director of Workday Inc., a company listed on the NYSE. He also serves as a director
of various private companies and foundations. Jerry received a bachelor’s degree and a master’s degree in electrical engineering from
Stanford University, where he has been serving on the university’s board of Trustees since October 2017. Jerry was appointed Chair of
Stanford’s board of Trustees in July 2021. He was previously on Stanford’s board of Trustees from 2005 to 2015, including being a
vice chair.

Wan Ling MARTELLO has been our director since September 2015. She is a founding partner of BayPine, a private equity firm
based in Boston, U.S.A., a role she has held since February 2020. She is also on the board of portfolio companies of BayPine. She
served as the executive vice president and chief executive officer of the Asia, Oceania, and sub-Saharan Africa region for Nestlé SA
from May 2015 to December 2018. She was Nestlé’s global chief financial officer from April 2012 to May 2015, and executive vice
president from November 2011 to March 2012. Prior to Nestlé, Wan Ling was a senior executive at Walmart Stores Inc., a global
retailer, from 2005 to 2011. Her roles included executive vice president and chief operating officer for Global eCommerce, and senior
vice president, chief financial officer and strategy for Walmart International. Before Walmart, she was president, U.S.A. at NCH
Marketing Services Inc. She was with the firm from 1998 to 2005. She also worked at Borden Foods Corporation and Kraft Inc. where
she held various senior management positions. Wan Ling received a master’s degree in business administration (management
information systems) from the University of Minnesota and a bachelor’s degree in business administration and accountancy from the
University of the Philippines.

Weijian SHAN (單偉建) has been our director since March 2022. He is the executive chairman and a founder of PAG, a leading
private equity firm in Asia. He has been with PAG since 2010. Between 1998 and 2010, he was a partner of the private equity firm
TPG and co-managing partner of TPG Asia (formerly known as Newbridge Capital). Previously, he was a managing director of JP
Morgan, where he was concurrently the chief representative for China between 1993 and 1998. He was an assistant professor at the
Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania between 1987 and 1993. Shan is a Trustee of the British Museum. He is also a
member of the International Advisory Council of Hong Kong Exchanges and Clearing Limited. He served as an independent director
of Singapore-listed Wilmar International Limited between 2018 and 2021. He also served as a director of Nasdaq-listed iQiyi, Inc
since December 2022. He holds an M.A. and a Ph.D. from the University of California, Berkeley, and an M.B.A. from the University
of San Francisco. He graduated with a major in English from the Beijing Institute of Foreign Trade (currently the Beijing University
of International Business and Economics).

Irene Yun-Lien LEE (利蘊蓮) has been our director since August 2022. Irene is the executive chairman of Hysan Development
Limited and serves as a member of the board of trustees of the Better Hong Kong Foundation. Irene was on the board of many listed
and unlisted companies in Hong Kong, Singapore, UK and Australia. She was a member of the Australian Takeovers Panel, a member
of the Advisory Council of JP Morgan Australia, and a member of the Exchange Fund Advisory Committee of the Hong Kong
Monetary Authority. She was the independent non-executive chairman of Hang Seng Bank Limited, an independent non-executive
director of CLP Holdings Limited, Cathay Pacific Airways Limited, Noble Group Limited, QBE Insurance Group, HSBC Holding plc,
The Hongkong and Shanghai Banking Corporation Limited, amongst others. Irene had a long career in financial services and held




                                                                                                     Fiscal Year 2025 Annual Report     163
      Directors, Senior Management and Employees


      senior positions at Citibank in New York, London and Sydney. She was the global head of corporate finance at the Commonwealth
      Bank of Australia and she held other senior positions in investment banking and funds management in a number of international
      financial institutions. Irene received a Bachelor of Arts degree from Smith College, United States of America, and is a Barrister-at-
      Law in England and Wales and a member of the Honourable Society of Gray's Inn, United Kingdom. She was awarded the degree of
      Doctor of Social Science, honoris causa from the Chinese University of Hong Kong in November 2022.

      Albert Kong Ping NG (吴港平) has been our director since August 2022 and chairman of our Audit Committee since December
      2022. Albert currently serves as an independent non-executive director and chairman of the Audit Committee of a number of public
      companies, including Ping An Insurance (Group) Company of China, Ltd., a company listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange and the
      Hong Kong Stock Exchange, and China International Capital Corporation Limited, a company listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange
      and the Hong Kong Stock Exchange. Albert is also an independent non-executive director and member of the audit and risk committee
      of Shui On Land Limited, a company listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange. Albert worked at Ernst & Young China from April
      2007 to June 2020, where he was the chairman of Ernst & Young China and a member of Ernst & Young’s Global Executive board.
      Prior to joining Ernst & Young, he was Greater China managing partner of Arthur Andersen, managing partner – China Operation of
      PricewaterhouseCoopers and managing director of Citigroup – China Investment Banking. Albert is a member of the Hong Kong
      Institute of Certified Public Accountants (HKICPA), Chartered Accountants of Australia and New Zealand (CAANZ), CPA Australia
      (CPAA) and Association of Chartered Certified Accountants (ACCA). He received a bachelor’s degree in business administration and
      a master’s degree in business administration from the Chinese University of Hong Kong.

      Kabir MISRA has been our director since September 2020, redesignated as our independent director since February 2023, and is
      currently a managing partner at RPS Ventures, a venture capital firm in Palo Alto, CA. Prior to October 2018, Kabir was a managing
      partner at SoftBank Investment Advisors (which manages SoftBank Vision Fund) and SoftBank Capital. He worked with SoftBank
      from 2006 to 2022 (as advisor from 2018 to 2022) and has assisted Mr. Masayoshi Son with our company, and his duties as one of our
      directors, since before our IPO. Kabir also represented SoftBank at various points on the boards of its investee companies, including
      other e-commerce and payments companies Flipkart, Paytm, Tokopedia, Coupang and BigCommerce. Prior to joining SoftBank,
      Kabir worked as an investment banker in the U.S. and Hong Kong. Kabir is currently also an independent director of PayActiv and
      Cargomatic. He received a Bachelor of Arts degree in Economics from Harvard University and a master’s degree in business
      administration from the Stanford Graduate School of Business.

      Toby Hong XU (徐宏) has been our chief financial officer since April 2022. He joined Alibaba Group in July 2018 and was our
      deputy chief financial officer from July 2019 to March 2022. Before joining Alibaba Group, Toby was a partner at
      PricewaterhouseCoopers for 11 years, where he joined in 1996. Toby graduated from Fudan University in Shanghai, China, with a
      bachelor’s degree in Physics in 1996. He is a member of the Chinese Institute of Certified Public Accountants.

      Jane Fang JIANG (蔣芳) has served as our chief people officer since April 2023 and is a founding member of the Alibaba
      Partnership. Prior to her current position, she served as deputy chief people officer since 2017. Jane joined our company in 1999 as a
      member of our founding team. Over the years, Jane has held a number of senior management roles in different departments within the
      company, at different times leading China TrustPass product planning, business analysis, global operations, website operations and
      marketing for Alibaba.com, as well as credit system development. Jane received a bachelor's degree in industry and foreign trade from
      the Hangzhou Institute of Electrical Engineering.

      Sara Siying YU (俞思瑛) has been our general counsel since April 2020. Sara joined our company in April 2005 and became one of
      the first partners of the Alibaba Partnership. Prior to her current role, she served as deputy general counsel, responsible for domestic
      legal affairs. Before joining Alibaba Group, she worked in various law firms and government departments. Sara received a bachelor's
      degree in law from East China University of Political Science and Law.

      Fan JIANG (蔣凡) currently serves as chief executive officer of Alibaba E-commerce Business Group and is a member of the
      Alibaba Partnership. He served as president of Alibaba International Digital Commerce since January 2022. Before that, he has served
      as president of Taobao, president of Tmall and president of Alimama, and had been responsible for the Taobao app since joining our
      company in August 2013. Previously, he founded and served as the chief executive officer of Umeng, a provider of mobile app
      analytics solutions for developers which we acquired. Before founding Umeng in 2010, he worked in product development at Google
      China. Jiang Fan received a bachelor’s degree in computer science from Fudan University.




164   Alibaba Group Holding Limited
                                                          Directors, Senior Management and Employees


Alibaba Partnership

Since our founders first gathered in Jack Ma’s apartment in 1999, they and our management have acted in the spirit of partnership. We
view our culture as fundamental to our success and our ability to serve our customers, develop our employees and deliver long-term
value to our shareholders. In July 2010, in order to preserve this spirit of partnership and to ensure the sustainability of our mission,
vision and values, we decided to formalize our partnership as Lakeside Partners, named after the Lakeside Gardens residential
community where Jack Ma and our other founders started our company. We refer to the partnership as the Alibaba Partnership.

We believe that our partnership approach has helped us to better manage our business, with the peer nature of the partnership enabling
senior managers to collaborate and override bureaucracy and hierarchy. As of the date of this annual report, the Alibaba Partnership
has a total of 17 members. The number of partners in the Alibaba Partnership may change from time to time due to the election of new
partners, the retirement of partners and the departure of partners for other reasons.

Our partnership is a dynamic body that rejuvenates itself through admission of new partners each year, which we believe enhances our
excellence, innovation and sustainability. Unlike dual-class ownership structures that employ a high-vote class of shares to concentrate
control in a few founders, our approach is designed to embody the vision of a large group of management partners. This structure is
our solution for preserving the culture shaped by our founders while at the same time accounting for the fact that founders will
inevitably retire from the company.

Consistent with our partnership approach, all partnership votes are made on a one-partner-one-vote basis.

The partnership is governed by a partnership agreement and operates under principles, policies and procedures that have evolved with
our business and are further described below.

         Nomination and Election of Partners

The Alibaba Partnership elects new partners annually after a nomination process whereby existing partners propose candidates to the
partnership committee as described below. The partnership committee reviews the nominations and determines whether the
nomination of a candidate will be proposed to the entire partnership for election. Election of new partners requires the approval of at
least 75% of all of the partners. Partners should be employed by Alibaba Group.

To be eligible for election, a partner candidate must have demonstrated the following attributes:

         •   a high standard of personal character and integrity;

         •   continued service with Alibaba Group for not less than five years;

         •   a track record of contribution to the business of Alibaba Group; and

         •   being a “culture carrier” who shows a consistent commitment to, and traits and actions consonant with, our mission,
             vision and values.

We believe the criteria and process of the Alibaba Partnership applicable to the election promote accountability among the partners as
well as to our customers, employees and shareholders. In order to align the interests of partners with the interests of our shareholders,
we require that each partner maintain a meaningful level of equity interests in our company during his or her tenure as a partner. Since
a partner nominee must have been employed by us for at least five years, as of the time he or she becomes a partner, he or she will
typically already own or have been awarded a personally meaningful level of equity interest in our company through our equity
incentive and share purchase or investment plans.




                                                                                                       Fiscal Year 2025 Annual Report       165
      Directors, Senior Management and Employees


               Duties of Partners

      The main duty of partners in their capacity as partners is to embody and promote our mission, vision and values. We expect partners to
      be evangelists for our mission, vision and values, both within our organization and externally to customers, business partners and other
      participants in our ecosystem.

               Partnership Committee

      The partnership committee must consist of at least five but no more than seven partners, including partnership committee continuity
      members, and is currently comprised of Jack Ma, Joe Tsai, Xiaofeng Shao, Eddie Wu and Fan Jiang. The partnership committee is
      responsible for administering partner elections and managing the relevant portion of the deferred cash bonus pool. Either one or two
      partners may be designated as partnership committee continuity partners, and currently the partnership committee continuity members
      consist of Jack Ma and Joe Tsai. Other than partnership committee continuity members, the partnership committee members serve for
      a term of five years and may serve multiple terms. Elections of partnership committee members are held once every five years.
      Partnership committee continuity members are not subject to election, and may serve until they cease to be partners, retire from the
      partnership committee or are unable to discharge duties as partnership committee members as a result of illness or permanent
      incapacity. A replacement partnership committee continuity partner is either designated by a retiring or, as the case may be, the
      remaining, partnership committee continuity member. Prior to each election, the partnership committee will nominate a number of
      partners equal to the number of partnership committee members that will serve in the next partnership committee term plus three
      additional nominees less the number of the serving partnership committee continuity members. Each partner votes for a number of
      nominees equal to the number of partnership committee members that will serve in the next partnership committee term less the
      number of the serving partnership committee continuity members, and all except the three nominees who receive the least votes from
      the partners are elected to the partnership committee.

               Director Nomination and Appointment Rights

      Pursuant to our Articles of Association, the Alibaba Partnership has the exclusive right to nominate or, in limited situations, appoint
      up to a simple majority of the members of our board of directors.

      The election of each director nominee of the Alibaba Partnership will be subject to the director nominee receiving a majority vote
      from our shareholders voting at an annual general meeting of shareholders. If an Alibaba Partnership director nominee is not elected
      by our shareholders or after election departs our board of directors for any reason, the Alibaba Partnership has the right to appoint a
      different person to serve as an interim director of the class in which the vacancy exists until our next scheduled annual general meeting
      of shareholders. At the next scheduled annual general meeting of shareholders, the appointed interim director or a replacement
      Alibaba Partnership director nominee (other than the original nominee) will stand for election for the remainder of the term of the
      class of directors to which the original nominee would have belonged.

      If at any time our board of directors consists of less than a simple majority of directors nominated or appointed by the Alibaba
      Partnership for any reason, including because a director previously nominated by the Alibaba Partnership ceases to be a member of
      our board of directors or because the Alibaba Partnership had previously not exercised its right to nominate or appoint a simple
      majority of our board of directors, the Alibaba Partnership will be entitled (in its sole discretion and without the need for any
      additional shareholder action) to appoint such number of additional directors to the board as necessary to ensure that the directors
      nominated or appointed by the Alibaba Partnership comprise a simple majority of our board of Directors.

      In determining the Alibaba Partnership director nominees who will stand for election to our board, the partnership committee will
      propose director nominees who will be voted on by all of the partners, and those nominees who receive a simple majority of the votes
      of the partners will be selected for these purposes. The director nominees of the Alibaba Partnership may be partners of the Alibaba
      Partnership or other qualified individuals who are not affiliated with the Alibaba Partnership.

      The Alibaba Partnership’s right to nominate or appoint up to a simple majority of our directors is conditioned on the Alibaba
      Partnership being governed by the partnership agreement in effect as of the completion of our initial public offering in September
      2014, or as may be amended in accordance with its terms from time to time. Any amendment to the provisions of the partnership
      agreement relating to the purpose of the partnership, or to the manner in which the Alibaba Partnership exercises its right to nominate
      a simple majority of our directors, will be subject to the approval of the majority of our directors who are not nominees or appointees
      of the Alibaba Partnership and are “independent directors” within the meaning of Section 303A of the NYSE Listed Company
      Manual. The provisions relating to nomination rights and procedures described above are incorporated in our Articles. Pursuant to our
      Articles, the Alibaba Partnership’s nomination rights and related provisions of our Articles may only be changed upon the vote of
      shareholders representing 95% of the votes present in person or by proxy at a general meeting of shareholders.




166   Alibaba Group Holding Limited
                                                          Directors, Senior Management and Employees


Alibaba Partnership has not fully exercised its director nomination right. Our board of directors currently consists of ten members, six
are independent directors nominated by our Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee, four are Alibaba Partnership
nominees.

          Current Partners

The following table sets forth the names, in alphabetical order by surname, and other information regarding the current partners of the
Alibaba Partnership as of the date of this annual report.

                                                           Year Joined
                                                            Alibaba
Name                                     Age   Gender        Group     Current position with Alibaba Group
Luyuan FAN (樊路遠)                         52      M            2007     Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Hujing Digital
                                                                       Media and Entertainment Group
Fan JIANG (蔣凡) †                         39       M           2013     Chief Executive Officer, Alibaba E-commerce Business
                                                                       Group
Jane Fang JIANG (蔣芳)                     51       F           1999     Group Chief People Officer
Jiangwei JIANG (蔣江偉)                     43       M           2008     Vice President, Cloud Intelligence Group
Zhenfei LIU (劉振飛)                        53       M           2006     Chairman, Amap
Jack Yun MA (馬雲)†                        60       M           1999     Partner, Alibaba Partnership
Xiaofeng SHAO (邵曉鋒)†                     59       M           2005     Group Executive Vice President
                                                                       Chairman, Group Risk Management Committee
Judy Wenhong TONG (童文紅)                  54       F           2000     Partner, Alibaba Partnership
Joseph C. TSAI (蔡崇信)†                    61       M           1999     Group Chairman
Lin WAN (萬霖)                             50       M           2014     Director and Chief Executive Officer, Cainiao Smart
                                                                       Logistics Network Limited
Lei WANG (王磊)                            45       M           2003     Senior Vice President, Cloud Intelligence Group
Winnie Jia WEN (聞佳)                      48       F           2007     President, Group Public Affairs
Eddie Yongming WU (吴泳銘)†                 50       M           1999     Group Director and Chief Executive Officer
Zeming WU (吴澤明)                          44       M           2004     Group Chief Technology Officer
                                                                       Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Ele.me
Sara Siying YU (俞思瑛)                     50       F           2005     Group General Counsel
Jeff Jianfeng ZHANG (張建鋒)                51       M           2004     Head of Alibaba DAMO Academy
Jessie Junfang ZHENG (鄭俊芳)               51       F           2010     Chief Strategy Officer, Cloud Intelligence Group
† Member of the partnership committee.

          Retirement and Removal

Partners may elect to retire from the partnership at any time. All partners except continuity partners are required to retire upon
reaching the age of sixty or upon termination of their qualifying employment. Jack Ma and Joe Tsai are designated as continuity
partners, who may remain partners until they reach the age of seventy (and this age limit may be extended by a majority votes of all
partners), elect to retire from the partnership, die or are incapacitated or are removed as partners. Any partner, including continuity
partners, may be removed upon the vote of a simple majority of all partners present at a duly-called meeting of partners for violations
of certain standards set forth in the partnership agreement, including failure to actively promote our mission, vision and values, fraud,
gross misconduct or gross negligence. As with other partners, continuity partners must maintain the shareholding levels required by us
of all partners as described below. Partners who retire from the partnership upon meeting certain age and service requirements may be
designated as honorably retired partners by the partnership committee. Honorably retired partners may not act as partners, but may be
entitled to allocations from the deferred portion of the annual cash bonus pool described below as post-retirement payments.
Continuity partners will not be eligible to receive allocations from the annual cash bonus pool if they cease to be our employees even
if they remain partners, but may be entitled to receive allocations from the deferred bonus pool if they are honorably retired partners.




                                                                                                       Fiscal Year 2025 Annual Report       167
      Directors, Senior Management and Employees


               Restrictive Provisions

      Under our Articles of Association, in connection with any change of control, merger or sale of our company, the partners and other
      holders of our ordinary shares shall receive the same consideration with respect to their ordinary shares in connection with any of
      these types of transactions. In addition, our Articles provide that the Alibaba Partnership may not transfer or otherwise delegate or
      give a proxy to any third-party with respect to its right to nominate directors, although it may elect not to exercise its rights in full. In
      addition, as noted above, our Articles also provide that the amendment of certain provisions of the Alibaba Partnership agreement
      relating to the purpose of the partnership or the manner in which the partnership exercises its rights to nominate or appoint a majority
      of our board of directors will require the approval of a majority of directors who are not appointees of the Alibaba Partnership and are
      “independent directors” within the meaning of Section 303A of the NYSE Listed Company Manual.

               Amendment of Alibaba Partnership Agreement

      Pursuant to the partnership agreement, amendment of the partnership agreement requires the approval of 75% of the partners in
      attendance at a meeting of the partners at which not less than 75% of all the partners are in attendance, except that the general partner
      may effect certain administrative amendments. In addition, certain amendments relating to the purposes of the Alibaba Partnership or
      the manner in which it exercises its nomination rights with respect to our directors require the approval of a majority of our
      independent directors not nominated or appointed by the Alibaba Partnership.

               Alibaba Group Equity Interest Holding Requirements for Partners

      Each of the partners holds his or her equity interests in our company directly as an individual or through his or her affiliates. Each
      partner is required to enter into share retention agreement with us. These agreements provide that a period of three years from the date
      on which a person becomes a partner, which ranges from January 2014 to June 2023 for our existing partners, we require that each
      partner retain at least 60% of the equity interests (including shares underlying vested and unvested awards) that he or she held on the
      starting date of the three-year period. Following the initial three-year holding period and for so long as he or she remains a partner, we
      require that the partner retain at least 40% of the equity interests (including shares underlying vested and unvested awards) that he or
      she held on the starting date of the initial three-year holding period. Exceptions to the holding period rules described in the share
      retention agreements must be approved by a majority of the independent directors.

               Weighted Voting Rights (WVR) Structure

      We have one class of Shares, and each holder of our Shares is entitled to one vote per Share. Pursuant to our Articles of Association,
      the Alibaba Partnership has the exclusive right to nominate or, in limited situations, appoint, up to a simple majority of the members
      of our board of directors. These rights are categorized as a weighted voting rights structure, or WVR structure, under the Hong Kong
      Listing Rules. As a result, we are deemed as a company with a WVR structure. For further information about the risks associated with
      our WVR structure, see “Risk Factors — Risks Related to Our Corporate Structure.”




168   Alibaba Group Holding Limited
                                                           Directors, Senior Management and Employees



Compensation
Compensation of Directors and Executive Officers

For fiscal year 2025, we paid and accrued aggregate fees, salaries and benefits (excluding share-based awards) of approximately
RMB203 million (US$28 million) and granted share-based awards to acquire an aggregate of 4,768,000 ordinary shares of our
company (equivalent to 596,000 ADSs) to our directors and executive officers.

Our board of directors, acting on the recommendation of our Compensation Committee, approves an annual cash bonus pool for our
management, calculated based on a percentage of our adjusted pretax operating profits. Once the annual cash bonus pool is calculated,
our Compensation Committee determines the proportion allocated and payable to our management for the year, and approves the
amount of individual cash bonus payable to our executive officers and directors. The remaining portion of the annual cash bonus pool
is available for the Alibaba Partnership and may be deferred and used as determined by the partnership committee.

The board, acting on the recommendation of our Compensation Committee, may determine the remuneration to be paid to
non-employee directors. We do not provide employee directors with any additional remuneration for serving as directors other than
their remuneration as our employees. Pursuant to our service agreements with our directors, neither we nor our subsidiaries provide
benefits to directors upon termination of employment. We do not separately set aside any amounts for pensions, retirement or other
benefits for our executive officers, other than pursuant to relevant statutory requirements. Management members who are partners of
the Alibaba Partnership may receive retirement payments from the deferred portion of the annual cash bonus pool available to the
Alibaba Partnership.

As of March 31, 2025, the shares underlying the outstanding share-based awards held by each of our directors and executive officers
represent less than 1% of our total outstanding shares as of March 31, 2025. For information regarding share-based awards granted to
our directors, see “— Equity Incentive Plans” below.


Employment Agreements

We have entered into employment agreements with each of our executive officers. We may terminate their employment at any time,
with cause, and we are not required to provide any prior notice of the termination. We may also terminate their employment in
circumstances prescribed under and in accordance with the requirements of applicable labor law, including but not limited to notice
and payment in lieu of notice. Executive officers may terminate their employment with us at any time upon written notice. Although
our employment agreements with our executive officers do not provide for severance pay, where severance pay is mandated by law,
our executive officers will be entitled to severance pay in the amount mandated by law or in accordance with our policy when his or
her employment is terminated. We have been advised by our PRC counsel, Fangda Partners, that we may be required to make
severance payments upon termination without cause to comply with the PRC Labor Law, the PRC Labor Contract Law and other
relevant PRC regulations, which entitle employees to severance payments in case of early termination of “de facto employment
relationships” by PRC entities without statutory cause regardless of whether there exists a written employment agreement with these
entities.

Our award agreements under our equity incentive plans also contain, among other rights, restrictive covenants that enable us to
terminate grants, forfeit and cancel shares or, if applicable, repurchase shares at the original purchase price or the exercise price paid
for the shares in the event of a grantee’s termination for cause or for breaching of these covenants. See “— Equity Incentive Plans”
below.

Equity Incentive Plans

Our 2014 Post-IPO Equity Incentive Plan (“The 2014 Plan”), 2024 Equity Incentive Plan (“The 2024 Plan”) and 2024 Equity
Incentive Plan (Existing Shares) (“The 2024 Plan (Existing Shares)”) are the equity incentive plans of our Company in effect. During
the current fiscal year, a total of 106,718,587 Shares (equivalent to approximately 13,339,823 ADSs), representing approximately
0.6% of the weighted average number of Shares in issue (excluding treasury shares) of our Company, that may be issued in respect of
all share-based awards were granted to eligible participants under all equity incentive plans of our Company.

Key terms of each of our equity incentive plans are set out below, which is subject to the specific provisions contained in the
respective plans.




                                                                                                          Fiscal Year 2025 Annual Report     169
      Directors, Senior Management and Employees


                 The 2014 Plan

      The 2014 Plan (which we adopted in September 2014, amended and restated in February 2020 to reflect the Share Split and other
      administrative changes, and further amended and restated in May 2022 to reflect administrative changes) provides for the granting of
      share-based awards, including restricted share units, stock options, restricted shares and share appreciation rights, to any participant
      who is an employee, consultant or director of our company, our affiliates and/or certain other companies. The term of awards granted
      are generally not to exceed 10 years from the date of grant and the period during which an award vests shall be set by the
      administrator.

      As of April 1, 2024, the number of underlying Shares represented by the share-based awards available for grant under the 2014 Plan
      was 286,838,192 Shares (equivalent to 35,854,774 ADSs).

      No further awards will be granted under the 2014 Plan as from September 18, 2024. Any shares authorized but unissued under the
      2014 Plan will no longer be available for granting. The share-based awards already granted under the 2014 Plan will remain in full
      force and effect pursuant to the terms and conditions of the 2014 Plan.

                 Outstanding RSUs granted under the 2014 Plan

      Details of movements of RSUs under the 2014 Plan during the current fiscal year are as follows:

                                                                                      Number of RSUs (1), (2)
                                                                                                                                                Number of
                                                                                                                  Lapsed/                       underlying
                                                               Outstanding      Granted        Vested            forfeited    Outstanding      Shares as of
                                                                as of April   during the    during the          during the    as of March    March 31, 2025
      Name                     Date of grant                        1, 2024        year          year             year (15)       31, 2025               (2)
                                                                                                                                                               Notes

      Directors and chief executive officer of our Company
      Joseph C. TSAI           July 24, 2018 to August 16,           4,667             -          3,333                   -         1,334            10,672    Notes 3, 12
                               2019
      Eddie Yongming WU        November 25, 2023                   200,000            -         40,000                    -       160,000         1,280,000    Notes 4, 12
      J. Michael EVANS         June 15, 2020 to May 20, 2023        15,475            -          5,425                    -        10,050            80,400    Notes 5, 12
                               May 13, 2024                              -      160,000              -                    -       160,000         1,280,000    Notes 6, 7, 8, 17
      Maggie Wei WU            July 24, 2018 to May 24, 2021        21,568            -          8,767                    -        12,801           102,408    Notes 3, 12
      Jerry YANG               August 17, 2024                           -        4,000          4,000                    -             -                 -    Notes 8, 9, 10, 12, 17
      Wan Ling MARTELLO August 17, 2024                                  -        4,000          4,000                    -             -                 -    Notes 8, 9, 10, 12, 17
      Weijian SHAN             August 17, 2024                           -        4,000          4,000                    -             -                 -    Notes 8, 9, 10, 12, 17
      Irene Yun-Lien LEE       August 17, 2024                           -        4,000          4,000                    -             -                 -    Notes 8, 9, 10, 12, 17
      Albert Kong Ping NG      August 17, 2024                           -        4,000          4,000                    -             -                 -    Notes 8, 9, 10, 12, 17
      Kabir MISRA              August 17, 2024                           -        4,000          4,000                    -             -                 -    Notes 8, 9, 10, 12, 17

      Other grantees by category
      Employee participants   November 15, 2016 to March        63,806,796             -    22,658,809           5,386,589     35,761,398       286,091,184    Notes 11, 13
                              31, 2024
                              May 13, 2024 to August 18,                  -   11,369,472     1,688,479           1,040,237       8,640,756       69,126,048    Notes 13, 16, 17
                              2024
      Related entity          July 24, 2018 to June 8, 2022        397,955             -       254,731              30,085        113,139           905,112    Notes 11, 14
      participants (18)
      Total                                                     64,446,461    11,553,472    24,683,544           6,456,911     44,859,478       358,875,824

      Notes:
      1.   The purchase price of all RSUs granted is nil.

      2.   Eight Shares are issuable upon the vesting of each RSU.

      3.   The RSUs vest over a period of 6 years.

      4.   The RSUs vest over a period of 5 years.

      5.   The RSUs vest over a period of 4 years.

      6.   The RSUs vest over a period of 2 years.

      7.   The closing price of ADSs traded on the NYSE immediately before the date on which RSUs were granted on May 13, 2024 and the fair value of RSUs as of the
           date of grant was US$80.04.

      8.   All the RSUs granted to our directors during the current year were made without any performance targets.

      9.   The RSUs vest immediately with a lock-up period of up to 3 years.




170   Alibaba Group Holding Limited
                                                                       Directors, Senior Management and Employees


10. The closing price of ADSs traded on the NYSE immediately before the date on which RSUs were granted on August 17, 2024 and the fair value of RSUs as of the
    date of grant was US$83.18.

11. The RSUs granted to employee participants and related entity participants vest over a period of up to 10 years.

12. For directors and Chief Executive Officer, the weighted average closing price of ADSs traded on the NYSE immediately before the dates on which the RSUs were
    vested during the year was US$80.00.

13. For employee participants, the weighted average closing price of ADSs traded on the NYSE immediately before the dates on which the RSUs were vested during
    the year was US$76.01.

14. For related entity participants, the weighted average closing price of ADSs traded on the NYSE immediately before the dates on which the RSUs were vested
    during the year was US$75.00.

15. No RSUs granted were cancelled during the year.

16. The following grants of RSUs were made to employee participants during the year. These RSUs vest over 4 to 6 years without any performance target, except that
    certain RSUs granted to selected participants on May 13, 2024 and May 20, 2024 are subject to satisfaction of certain performance targets based on the financial
    or operational indicators of the relevant segments as determined by the administrator of the 2014 Plan.

                                                                                                       Closing price of ADS
                                                 Number of RSUs       Number of underlying         immediately before date of      Fair value of each RSU as of
        Date of grant                                   granted                     Shares                       grant (US$)                date of grant (US$)
        May 13, 2024                                    110,000                    880,000                              80.04                              80.04
        May 20, 2024                                 10,213,023                 81,704,184                              88.54                              88.54
        June 9, 2024                                    292,489                  2,339,912                              78.41                              78.41
        June 30, 2024                                   102,060                    816,480                              72.00                              72.00
        July 28, 2024                                   147,360                  1,178,880                              76.53                              76.53
        August 14, 2024                                 180,000                  1,440,000                              81.10                              81.10
        August 18, 2024                                 324,540                  2,596,320                              83.18                              83.18
                                                     11,369,472                 90,955,776

17. In accordance with the accounting standards and policies adopted for preparing our Company’s financial statements, the fair values of RSUs granted during the
    year were determined with reference to the fair values of the underlying Shares on grant date.

18. A related entity participant is an employee of an associated company in which our Company owns, directly or indirectly, securities or interests representing 20%
    or more of its voting power.




                                                                                                                                Fiscal Year 2025 Annual Report         171
      Directors, Senior Management and Employees


                  Outstanding options granted under the 2014 Plan

      Details of movements of share options under the 2014 Plan during the current fiscal year are as follows:
                                                                                                 Number of share options (1)
                                                                                                                        Lapsed/
                                                                                                                       forfeited                           Number of
                                                                    Exercise   Outstanding    Granted   Exercised        during      Outstanding    underlying Shares
                                                                    price       as of April    during      during       the year     as of March      as of March 31,
       Name                                 Date of grant           (US$)           1, 2024   the year   the year             (10)
                                                                                                                                         31, 2025              2025 (1)   Notes

       Directors and chief executive officer of our Company
       Eddie Yongming WU              November 25, 2023     78.37                2,000,000          -              -             -      2,000,000           16,000,000    Note 2
       J. Michael EVANS               July 31, 2015         79.96                2,000,000          -              -             -      2,000,000           16,000,000    Note 3
                                      May 13, 2024          84.60                        -    150,000              -             -        150,000            1,200,000    Notes 4, 5, 6

       Other grantees by category
       Employee participants                May 10, 2015 to March   23.00 to     2,627,667           -      158,000        84,000       2,385,667           19,085,336    Notes 7, 8
                                            12, 2022                182.48
       Related entity participants   (11)
                                            March 12, 2022          23.00 to       207,000           -       23,000        84,000        100,000               800,000    Notes 7, 9
                                                                    26.00
       Total                                                                     6,834,667    150,000       181,000       168,000       6,635,667           53,085,336



      Notes:
      1.   Eight Shares are issuable upon the exercise of each share option.

      2.   The share options vest over a period of 5 years and are exercisable within 10 years after date of grant.

      3.   The share options vest over a period of 6 years and are exercisable within 12 years after date of grant.

      4.   The share options vest over a period of 2 years and are exercisable within 8 years after date of grant.

      5.   The closing price of ADSs traded on the NYSE immediately before the date which share options were granted on May 13, 2024 was US$80.04. The share options
           granted on May 13, 2024 were made without any performance targets.

      6.   The fair value of share options granted on May 13, 2024 was US$35.93 per option as of the date of grant. In accordance with the accounting standards and policies
           adopted for preparing our Company’s financial statements, our Company reviewed internal and external sources of information to assist in the estimation of
           various attributes to determine the fair values of share options, including the fair value of the underlying Shares, expected life and expected volatility.

      7.   The share options vest over a period of up to 9 years and are exercisable within up to 12 years after date of grant.

      8.   For employee participants, the weighted average closing price of ADSs traded on the NYSE immediately before the dates on which the share options were
           exercised during the year was US$129.96.

      9.   For related entity participants, the weighted average closing price of ADSs traded on the NYSE immediately before the dates on which the share options were
           exercised during the year was US$75.57.

      10. No share options granted were cancelled during the year.
      11. A related entity participant is an employee of an associated company in which our Company owns, directly or indirectly, securities or interests representing 20%
          or more of its voting power.




172   Alibaba Group Holding Limited
                                                           Directors, Senior Management and Employees



         The 2024 Plan

The 2024 Plan was approved at our annual general meeting of shareholders held in August 2024. The purpose of the 2024 Plan is to
provide incentives to attract, motivate and retain the grantees and align the interests of the grantees with those of our shareholders. It
provides for the granting of restricted share units, stock options, restricted shares and share appreciation rights to any participant who
is an employee, an executive director or a service provider.

The term of each award shall be no more than 10 years from the date of grant thereof. The vesting period of an award shall generally
be not less than 12 months, but the board may, at its discretion, determine a period shorter than 12 months during which an award
vests or that an award may be vested upon the grant of the award with respect to the awards granted to employee participants that (a)
substitute awards granted in connection with awards that are assumed, converted or substituted pursuant to a merger, acquisition or
similar transaction entered into by the Company or any of its subsidiaries; (b) are additional awards in respect of (A) sign-on or make-
whole grants to new employee participants, (B) grants of awards with performance based vesting conditions, (C) grants of awards that
are made in batches for administrative or compliance reasons, (D) grants of awards that vest evenly over a period of 12 months or
more, and (E) grants of awards with a total vesting and holding period of more than 12 months; and (F) awards subject to a minimum
holding period of 12 months which are delivered to an employee participant under his/her compensation arrangements with the
Company.

The exercise price for each option shall be determined by the administrator and set forth in the award agreement which, unless
otherwise determined by the administrator, may be a fixed or variable price determined by reference to the fair market value of the
Shares, subject to compliance with applicable laws and the requirements of any exchange on which the Shares are listed or traded.

The maximum number of Shares (including any transfer of treasury shares) which may be awarded under the 2024 Plan is
483,000,000 Shares (equivalent to 60,375,000 ADSs), representing approximately 2.6% and 2.5% of the number of issued Shares of
our Company (excluding treasury shares) as of the adoption date and the date of this annual report, respectively.

As of the adoption date of the 2024 Plan and March 31, 2025, the number of share-based awards available for grant under the scheme
mandate was 483,000,000 Shares (equivalent to 60,375,000 ADSs) and 473,488,465 Shares (equivalent to approximately 59,186,058
ADSs), respectively.

Within the 2024 Plan scheme limit, the maximum number of Shares (including any transfer of treasury shares) which may be awarded
to service providers is 93,716,369 Shares (equivalent to approximately 11,714,546 ADSs), representing approximately 0.5% and 0.5%
of the number of issued Shares of our Company (excluding treasury shares) as of the adoption date and the date of this annual report,
respectively.

As of both the adoption date of the 2024 Plan and March 31, 2025, the number of share-based awards available for grant under the
service provider sub-limit was 93,716,369 Shares (equivalent to approximately 11,714,546 ADSs).

Unless approved by the shareholders, no individual grantee shall be granted awards where such grant will result in the aggregate
number of Shares issued and to be issued to such grantee (excluding any awards lapsed in accordance with the terms of the 2024 Plan)
in the 12-month period up to and including the date of such grant to exceed 1% of the total number of Shares in issue (excluding any
Treasury Shares).

The 2024 Plan shall continue in effect for a term of 10 years from August 22, 2024, being its effective date, unless sooner terminated
in accordance with the terms of the 2024 Plan. As of the date of this annual report, the remaining life of the 2024 Plan is
approximately 9 years and 2 months.




                                                                                                         Fiscal Year 2025 Annual Report      173
      Directors, Senior Management and Employees


                  Outstanding RSUs granted under the 2024 Plan

      Details of movements of RSUs under the 2024 Plan during the current fiscal year are as follows:

                                                                                             Number of RSUs (1),(2)
                                                                                                                        Lapsed/                            Number of
                                                                  Outstanding         Granted          Vested          forfeited    Outstanding     underlying Shares
                                                                  as of April 1,    during the      during the        during the    as of March       as of March 31,
      Name (3)                   Date of grant                            2024           year            year            year (7)       31, 2025               2025 (2)   Notes

      Employee participants      November 19, 2024 and February                -    10,157,479         76,000            645,944      9,435,535              9,435,535    Notes 4, 5, 6
                                 24, 2025



      Notes:
      1.    The purchase price of all RSUs granted is nil.

      2.    One Share is issuable upon the vesting of each RSU.

      3.    No RSUs were granted under the 2024 Plan to directors during the year. As at March 31, 2025, no directors were holding any outstanding awards under the 2024
            Plan.

      4.    The following grants of RSUs were made to employee participants during the year. These RSUs vest over up to 6 years without any performance target.

                                                                                                          Closing price of Shares
                                                                                                                                       Fair value of each RSU as
                                                     Number of RSUs          Number of underlying        immediately before date
                                                                                                                                          of date of grant (HK$)
                              Date of grant                 granted                        Shares                 of grant (HK$)
                              November 19, 2024           2,493,400                     2,493,400                            86.3                         85.57
                              February 24, 2025           7,664,079                     7,664,079                           138.5                        135.79
                                                         10,157,479                    10,157,479

      5.    The weighted average closing price of the Shares traded on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange immediately before the dates on which the RSUs were vested during
            the year was HK$107.90.

      6.    In accordance with the accounting standards and policies adopted for preparing our Company’s financial statements, the fair values of RSUs granted during the
            year were determined with reference to the fair values of the underlying Shares on grant date.

      7.    No RSUs granted were cancelled during the year.




174   Alibaba Group Holding Limited
                                                                          Directors, Senior Management and Employees


                The 2024 Plan (Existing Shares)

The 2024 Plan (Existing Shares) was approved by our board in August 2024. The purpose of the 2024 Plan (Existing Shares) is to
provide incentives to attract, motivate and retain the grantees and align the interests of the grantees with those of our shareholders. It
provides for the granting of restricted share units, stock options, restricted shares and share appreciation rights to any participant who
is an employee, a director or a service provider. The 2024 Plan (Existing Shares) is funded by existing Shares.

The term of each award shall be no more than 10 years from the date of grant thereof. The period during which an award vests shall be
set by the administrator.

The exercise price for each option shall be determined by the administrator and set forth in the award agreement, subject to compliance
with applicable laws and the requirements of any exchange on which the Shares are listed or traded.

The maximum aggregate number of Shares which may be awarded under the 2024 Plan (Existing Shares) is 517,000,000 Shares
(equivalent to 64,625,000 ADSs), representing approximately 2.8% and 2.7% of the number of issued Shares of our Company
(excluding treasury shares) as of the adoption date and the date of this annual report, respectively.

As of the adoption date of the 2024 Plan (Existing Shares) and March 31, 2025, the number of share-based awards available for grant
under the scheme mandate was 517,000,000 Shares (equivalent to 64,625,000 ADSs) and 514,066,668 Shares (equivalent to
approximately 64,258,334 ADSs), respectively. There is no maximum individual entitlement limit under the 2024 Plan (Existing
Shares).

The 2024 Plan (Existing Shares) shall continue in effect for a term of 10 years from August 26, 2024, being its effective date, unless
sooner terminated in accordance with the terms of the 2024 Plan (Existing Shares). As of the date of this annual report, the remaining
life of the 2024 Plan (Existing Shares) is approximately 9 years and 2 months.

                Outstanding options granted under the 2024 Plan (Existing Shares)

Details of movements of share options under the 2024 Plan (Existing Shares) during the current fiscal year are as follows:

                                                                                Number of share options (1)
                                                                                                                                                  Number of
                                      Exercise                            Granted         Exercised             Lapsed/     Outstanding    underlying Shares
                         Date of      price         Outstanding as      during the       during the    forfeited during     as of March      as of March 31,
Name (2), (7)            grant        (HK$)         of April 1, 2024         year              year          the year (6)       31, 2025              2025 (1)   Notes

Employee participants    February         68.00                    -     2,933,332                -                     -      2,933,332            2,933,332    Notes 3, 4, 5
                         24, 2025

Notes:
1.     One Share is issuable upon the exercise of each share option.

2.     No share options under 2024 Plan (Existing Shares) were granted to directors during the year. As at March 31, 2025, no directors were holding any outstanding
       awards under 2024 Plan (Existing Shares).

3.     The closing price of Shares traded on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange immediately before the date which share options were granted on February 24, 2025 was
       HK$138.50. The share options granted during the year were made without any performance targets.

4.     The share options vest over a period of 4 years and are exercisable within 6 years after date of grant.

5.     The fair value of share options granted on February 24, 2025 was HK$87.27 per share option as of the date of grant. In accordance with the accounting standards
       and policies adopted for preparing our Company’s financial statements, our Company reviewed internal and external sources of information to assist in the
       estimation of various attributes to determine the fair values of share options, including the fair value of the underlying Shares, expected life and expected
       volatility.

6.     No share options granted were cancelled during the year.
7.     No awards were granted pursuant to the 2024 Plan (Existing Shares) to the five highest paid individuals during the year.




                                                                                                                                    Fiscal Year 2025 Annual Report               175
      Directors, Senior Management and Employees


      Board Practices
      Nomination and Terms of Directors
      Pursuant to our Articles of Association, our board of directors is classified into three classes of directors designated as Group I, Group
      II and Group III, each generally serving a three-year term unless earlier removed. The Group I directors currently consist of Joe Tsai,
      J. Michael Evans and Irene Yun-Lien Lee; the Group II directors currently consist of Eddie Wu, Jerry Yang, Wan Ling Martello and
      Albert Kong Ping Ng; and the Group III directors currently consist of Maggie Wu, Kabir Misra and Weijian Shan. The terms of office
      of the current Group I, Group II and Group III directors will expire, respectively, at our 2027 annual general meeting, 2025 annual
      general meeting and 2026 annual general meeting. Unless otherwise determined by the shareholders in a general meeting, our board
      will consist of not less than seven directors.

      The Alibaba Partnership has the exclusive right to nominate up to a simple majority of our board of directors. If at any time our board
      of directors consists of less than a simple majority of directors nominated or appointed by the Alibaba Partnership for any reason,
      including because a director previously nominated by the Alibaba Partnership ceases to be a member of our board of directors or
      because the Alibaba Partnership had previously not exercised its right to nominate or appoint a simple majority of our board of
      directors, the Alibaba Partnership shall be entitled (in its sole discretion) to appoint such number of additional directors to the board as
      necessary to ensure that the directors nominated or appointed by the Alibaba Partnership comprise a simple majority of our board of
      directors. The remaining members of the board of directors will be nominated by the Nominating and Corporate Governance
      Committee of the board. Director nominees will be elected by the simple majority vote of shareholders at our annual general meeting.
      Alibaba Partnership has not fully exercised its director nomination right. Our board of directors currently consists of ten members, six
      are independent directors nominated by our Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee, and four are Alibaba Partnership
      nominees.

      If a director nominee is not elected by our shareholders or departs our board of directors for any reason, the party or group entitled to
      nominate that director has the right to appoint a different person to serve as an interim director of the class in which the vacancy exists
      until our next scheduled annual general meeting of shareholders. At the next scheduled annual general meeting of shareholders, the
      appointed interim director or a replacement director nominee (who, in the case of Alibaba Partnership nominees, cannot be the
      original nominee) will stand for election for the remainder of the term of the class of directors to which the original nominee would
      have belonged.

      For additional information, see “— Directors and Senior Management — Alibaba Partnership.”

      None of the current Group II directors, whose terms of office will expire at our 2025 annual general meeting and will be proposed for
      re-election at our forthcoming annual general meeting, has a service contract with us or any of our subsidiaries which is not
      determinable by us or the relevant entity within one year without the payment of compensation (other than statutory compensation).

      Code of Ethics and Corporate Governance Guidelines
      We have adopted a code of ethics, which is applicable to all of our directors, executive officers and employees. Our code of ethics is
      publicly available on our website.

      In addition, our board of directors has adopted a set of corporate governance guidelines covering a variety of matters, including
      approval of related party transactions and connected transactions. Our corporate governance guidelines also provide that any adoption
      of a new equity incentive plan and any material amendments to those plans will be subject to the approval of the Compensation
      Committee, the independent directors and/or the approval by our shareholders in compliance with the Hong Kong Listing Rules. The
      guidelines reflect certain guiding principles with respect to our board’s structure, procedures and committees. The guidelines are not
      intended to change or interpret any applicable law, rule or regulation or our Articles of Association.




176   Alibaba Group Holding Limited
                                                               Directors, Senior Management and Employees


Duties of Directors
Under Cayman Islands law, all of our directors owe us fiduciary duties, including a duty of loyalty, a duty to act honestly and a duty to
act in good faith and in a manner they believe to be in our best interests. Our directors also have a duty to exercise the skill they
actually possess and the care and diligence that a reasonably prudent person would exercise in comparable circumstances. In fulfilling
their duty of care to us, our directors must ensure compliance with our Articles of Association, as amended and restated from time to
time. We have the right to seek damages if a duty owed by any of our directors is breached.

Board Committees
Our board of directors has established an Audit Committee, a Compensation Committee, a Nominating and Corporate Governance
Committee, a Sustainability Committee, a Compliance and Risk Committee and a Capital Management Committee. All members of
our Compensation Committee and Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee are independent directors. A majority of the
members of our Compliance and Risk Committee are independent directors. One member of our Sustainability Committee is an
independent director. All members of our Audit Committee are independent directors who meet the additional criteria for
independence set forth in Rule 10A-3 of the U.S. Exchange Act and rule.

Below is a summary of the work of our board committees during the fiscal year.
         Audit Committee
We have established an Audit Committee in compliance with, among other things, Rule 3.21 of the Hong Kong Listing Rules, the
Corporate Governance Code, Section 303A of the NYSE Listed Company Manual and Rule 10A-3 of the U.S. Exchange Act. The
charter of our Audit Committee is available on our website and the website of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange.

During the reporting period, our Audit Committee consisted of Albert Ng, Wan Ling Martello and Weijian Shan. Mr. Ng is the
chairman of our Audit Committee. Mr. Ng satisfies the criteria of an Audit Committee financial expert as set forth under the
applicable rules of the SEC and he is also our independent director with appropriate professional qualifications under the Hong Kong
Listing Rules. Mr. Ng, Ms. Martello and Mr. Shan are our independent directors and meet the criteria for independence set forth in
Section 303A of the NYSE Listed Company Manual, Rule 10A-3 of the U.S. Exchange Act and Rule 3.13 of the Hong Kong Listing
Rules. Therefore, the composition of the committee satisfies the requirements under Section 303A of the NYSE Listed Company
Manual and Rule 3.21 of the Hong Kong Listing Rules.

The Audit Committee oversees our accounting and financial reporting processes and the audits of our financial statements. Our Audit
Committee is responsible for, among other things:

•        selecting, and evaluating the qualifications, performance and independence of the independent auditor;
•        pre-approving or, as permitted, approving auditing and non-auditing services permitted to be performed by the independent
         auditor;
•        assessing the adequacy of our internal accounting controls and audit procedures;
•        reviewing with the independent auditor any audit problems or difficulties and management’s response;
•        reviewing and approving related party transactions (as defined in Form 20-F) and connected transactions (as required under
         the Hong Kong Listing Rules);
•        reviewing and discussing the quarterly reports, half-year reports and annual reports with management and the independent
         auditor;
•        establishing procedures for the receipt, retention and treatment of complaints received from our employees regarding
         accounting, internal accounting controls or auditing matters and the confidential, anonymous submission by our employees of
         concerns regarding questionable accounting or auditing matters;
•        meeting separately, periodically, with management, internal auditors and the independent auditor; and
•        reporting regularly to the full board of directors.




                                                                                                       Fiscal Year 2025 Annual Report       177
      Directors, Senior Management and Employees


               Compensation Committee
      We have established a Compensation Committee in compliance with Rule 3.25 of the Hong Kong Listing Rules and the Corporate
      Governance Code. The charter of our Compensation Committee is available on our website and the website of the Hong Kong Stock
      Exchange.

      During the reporting period, our Compensation Committee consisted of Jerry Yang, Albert Ng and Kabir Misra. Mr. Yang is the
      chairman of our Compensation Committee. Mr. Yang, Mr. Ng and Mr. Misra are our independent directors and meet the criteria for
      independence set forth in Section 303A of the NYSE Listed Company Manual and Rule 3.13 of the Hong Kong Listing Rules.
      Therefore, the composition of the committee satisfies the requirements under Rule 3.25 of the Hong Kong Listing Rules.

      Our Compensation Committee is responsible for, among other things:
           •     determining the proportion of annual cash bonus pool allocated and payable to our management for the year and
                 determining the amount of cash bonus payable to our executive officers and directors;
           •     reviewing, evaluating and, if necessary, revising our overall compensation policies;
           •     reviewing and evaluating the performance of our directors and executive officers and determining the compensation of our
                 directors and executive officers;
           •     reviewing and approving our executive officers’ employment agreements with us;
           •     determining performance targets for our executive officers with respect to our non-equity incentive compensation plans
                 and share-based compensation plans;
           •     administering our share-based compensation plans in accordance with the terms thereof (including the matters required
                 under Chapter 17 of the Hong Kong Listing Rules); and
           •     carrying out other matters that are specifically delegated to the Compensation Committee by our board of directors from
                 time to time.

               Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee
      We have established a Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee in compliance with, among other things, the Corporate
      Governance Code and Rule 3.27A of the Hong Kong Listing Rules. The charter of our Nominating and Corporate Governance
      Committee is available on our website and the website of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange.

      During the reporting period, our Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee consisted of Irene Lee, Jerry Yang and Joe Tsai
      (until August 22, 2024). Ms. Lee is the chairman of our Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee. Ms. Lee and Mr. Yang
      are our independent directors and meet the criteria for independence set forth in Section 303A of the NYSE Listed Company Manual
      and Rule 3.13 of the Hong Kong Listing Rules. Therefore, the composition of the committee satisfies the requirements under Rule
      3.27A of the Hong Kong Listing Rules.

      Our Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee is responsible for, among other things:

           •     selecting the board nominees (other than the director nominees to be nominated by the Alibaba Partnership) for election
                 by the shareholders or appointment by the board;
           •     periodically reviewing with the board the current composition of the board with regards to characteristics such as
                 independence, knowledge, skills, experience and diversity;
           •     making recommendations on the frequency and structure of board meetings and monitoring the functioning of the
                 committees of the board; and
           •     advising the board periodically with regards to significant developments in corporate governance law and practices, and
                 making recommendations to the board on corporate governance matters.

      For our framework and procedures in nominating directors, please see “— Board of Directors — Nomination and Terms of
      Directors.”




178   Alibaba Group Holding Limited
                                                         Directors, Senior Management and Employees


          Sustainability Committee
During the reporting period, our Sustainability Committee consisted of Jerry Yang, Joe Tsai and Maggie Wu. Mr. Yang is the
chairman of our Sustainability Committee. Mr. Yang satisfies the independence requirements of Section 303A of the NYSE Listed
Company Manual and Rule 3.13 of the Hong Kong Listing Rules. The charter of our Sustainability Committee is available on our
website.

Our Sustainability Committee is responsible for, among other things:

      •     assisting the board in identifying and evaluating the company’s ESG opportunities and risks;
      •     overseeing and evaluating the implementation and performance of ESG initiatives and projects; and
      •     advising the board on ESG-related legal, regulatory and compliance developments and public policy trends.

          Compliance and Risk Committee
During the reporting period, our Compliance and Risk Committee consisted of Irene Lee, Albert Ng, Kabir Misra, J. Michael Evans
and Eddie Wu (until August 23, 2024). Ms. Lee is the chairman of our Compliance and Risk Committee. Ms. Lee, Mr. Ng and Mr.
Misra satisfy the independence requirements of Section 303A of the NYSE Listed Company Manual and Rule 3.13 of the Hong Kong
Listing Rules. The charter of our Compliance and Risk Committee is available on our website.

Our Compliance and Risk Committee is responsible for, among other things:

      •     overseeing our overall compliance and risk management requirements and overall compliance and risk management
            framework;
      •     evaluating key risk exposures and vulnerabilities and oversee the implementation of compliance and risk policies and
            procedures; and
      •     assessing the performance of members of management responsible for compliance and risk management, and advise our
            Compensation Committee to align the compensation of the chief executive officers of our subsidiary businesses with
            performance on compliance and risk management.

          Capital Management Committee
During the reporting period, our Capital Management Committee consisted of Joe Tsai, Eddie Wu, J. Michael Evans and Maggie Wu.
Mr. Tsai is the chairman of our Capital Management Committee. The charter of our Capital Management Committee is available on
our website.

Our Capital Management Committee is responsible for, among other things:

      •     establishing and overseeing the implementation of our overall capital management and allocation plan; and
      •     reviewing and advising our board, or approving, based on authorization by our board, significant capital-related
            transactions and undertakings by us and our subsidiary businesses.




                                                                                                     Fiscal Year 2025 Annual Report   179
      Directors, Senior Management and Employees


      Employees
      Alibaba Group periodically reviews its remuneration policy and compensation packages. Discretionary bonuses and other long-term
      incentives may be awarded to selected employees based on various factors including but not limited to individual performance and the
      overall performance of our business. We have established learning and training programs to develop our employees both personally
      and professionally, helping them to better realize their potential and create value, thereby supporting their long-term career success.

      The Company’s subsidiaries in the PRC participate in a government-mandated multi-employer defined contribution plan, which
      provides housing, pension, medical, maternity, work-related injury and unemployment benefits, as well as other welfare benefits to
      employees. The relevant labor regulations require the Company’s subsidiaries in the PRC to make monthly contributions to the local
      labor and social security authorities based on the applicable benchmarks and rates stipulated by the local government. Additionally,
      we provide commercial health and accidental insurance for our employees. The Company’s subsidiaries also formulate their own
      unique benefit plans and assistance programs tailored to their specific business needs.

      Alibaba Group also makes payments to other defined contribution plans and defined benefit plans for the benefit of employees
      employed by subsidiaries outside of the PRC.

      Share-based awards such as restricted share units, incentive and non-statutory stock options, restricted shares and share appreciation
      rights may be granted to any directors, employees, service providers and consultants of Alibaba Group or affiliated companies under
      equity incentive plans adopted since the inception of the Company. For details of Alibaba Group's equity incentive plans, please refer
      to the section titled “Compensation — Equity Incentive Plans.”

      As of March 31, 2023, 2024 and 2025, we had a total of 235,216, 204,891 and 124,320 full-time employees, respectively. The
      decrease in number of employees in fiscal year 2025 was mainly the result of sale and deconsolidation of Sun Art, partly offset by new
      hires. Substantially all of our employees are based in China.

      We believe that we have a good working relationship with our employees and we have not experienced any significant labor disputes.

      Share Ownership
      For information regarding the share ownership of our directors and officers, see “Major Shareholders and Related Party Transactions
      — Major Shareholders.” For information as to stock options granted to our directors, executive officers and other employees, see “ —
      Compensation — Equity Incentive Plans.”

      Insider Trading Policies
      We have adopted insider trading policies and established procedures to provide guidance on the purchases, sales, and other
      dispositions of our securities by our directors, officers, employees and other relevant persons, with the goal of promoting compliance
      with applicable insider trading laws, rules and regulations, and the listing standards of the NYSE and the Hong Kong Stock Exchange.




180   Alibaba Group Holding Limited
                                                              Corporate Governance Report

Board of Directors
Responsibilities

Our board directs and oversees the management of our business and affairs. The board is responsible for, among other things, (i)
selecting and overseeing our Chief Executive Officer and other executive officers, (ii) setting or approving the long-term business
strategy, objectives, mission and business plans of the Company and monitoring their implementation, (iii) determining executive
officer compensation (either directly or by delegation to the Compensation Committee or another committee of the board); and (iv)
monitoring and controlling the Company’s operations and financial performance through the determination of the annual budget and
annual operating plan. Our board delegates the responsibility of day-to-day business operations and decisions to the Company’s
executive directors and senior management team.

Code of Ethics and Corporate Governance Guidelines

See the section “Directors, Senior Management and Employees — Board Practices — Code of Ethics and Corporate Governance
Guidelines.”

Duties of Directors

See the section “Directors, Senior Management and Employees — Board Practices — Duties of Directors.”

Composition

As of March 31, 2025 and up to the date of this annual report, our board comprised ten directors, including four directors and six
independent directors. Our Chairman is Joe Tsai. Our Chief Executive Officer is Eddie Wu. Please see “Directors, Senior
Management and Employees — Directors and Senior Management” for further information.

We have received from each of our independent directors an annual confirmation of independence pursuant to Rule 3.13 of the Hong
Kong Listing Rules and consider each of the independent directors to be independent.

During the reporting period, our board had at all times met the requirements of the Hong Kong Listing Rules relating to the
appointment of at least three independent directors, representing at least one-third of the board with one of whom possessing
appropriate professional qualifications or accounting or related financial management expertise.

Nomination and Terms of Directors

See the section “Directors, Senior Management and Employees — Board Practices — Nomination and Terms of Directors.”

Mechanisms for Board’s Independent View and Input

We have established channels to ensure independent views and inputs are available to the board. In addition to independent directors,
pursuant to our corporate governance guidelines, the board and each of its committees may consult with independent legal, financial,
accounting and other advisors at the Company’s expense. Apart from our regular board meetings, our independent directors also had
opportunities to communicate with our Chairman during the reporting period in both formal and informal settings during the reporting
period, including occasions without the presence of other directors. The board has reviewed the implementation and effectiveness of
the above mechanisms for fiscal year 2025.

Board Committees

Our board of directors has established an Audit Committee, a Compensation Committee, a Nominating and Corporate Governance
Committee, a Sustainability Committee, a Compliance and Risk Committee and a Capital Management Committee. See the section
“Directors, Senior Management and Employees — Board Practices — Board Committees.”

Below is a summary of the work of our board committees during the reporting period.




                                                                                                      Fiscal Year 2025 Annual Report    181
      Corporate Governance Report


              Audit Committee

      See the section “Directors, Senior Management and Employees — Board Practices — Board Committees — Audit Committee” for
      the description of the composition and the role and function of the Audit Committee.

      Our Audit Committee held five meetings during the reporting period and it had, among other things:

      •       reviewed the financial statements for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2024, the interim report and interim results
              announcement for the six months ended September 30, 2024, the quarterly results announcements for the quarters ended June
              30, 2024, September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2024;

      •       approved the appointment of PricewaterhouseCoopers Zhong Tian, LLP and PricewaterhouseCoopers as the U.S. and Hong
              Kong independent registered public accounting firms of the Company, respectively;


      •       reviewed the audit plan and work of PricewaterhouseCoopers Zhong Tian LLP and PricewaterhouseCoopers;


      •       reviewed the effectiveness of the Company’s internal control over financial reporting; and


      •       reviewed the work of the Company’s internal audit team, including operational and regulatory compliance matters.

              Compensation Committee

      See the section “Directors, Senior Management and Employees — Board Practices — Board Committees — Compensation
      Committee” for the description of the composition and the role and function of the Compensation Committee.

      Our Compensation Committee held three meetings during the reporting period and it had, among other things:
      •       reviewed our overall compensation policy and budget for long-term incentive awards;

      •       reviewed and approved the compensation granted to executive directors and executive officers;


      •       approved and recommended to the board on matters relating to the annual cash bonus pool; and


      •       approved and recommended to the board the Company’s equity-based incentive plans.

              Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee

      See the section “Directors, Senior Management and Employees — Board Practices — Board Committees — Nominating and
      Corporate Governance Committee” for the description of the composition and the role and function of the Nominating and Corporate
      Governance Committee.

      Our Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee held one meeting during the reporting period and it had, among other things,
      nominated directors for re-election at the 2024 annual general meeting and reviewed proposed changes to our Articles of Association,
      corporate governance guidelines, board committee charters and other corporate governance documents in connection with the Primary
      Conversion.

              Sustainability Committee

      See the section “Directors, Senior Management and Employees — Board Practices — Board Committees — Sustainability
      Committee” for the description of the composition and the role and function of the Sustainability Committee.

      Our Sustainability Committee held one meeting during the reporting period and it had, among other things, reviewed our ESG goals,
      ESG accomplishments during fiscal year 2024 and the ESG work plan for fiscal year 2025, and reviewed the 2024 ESG report.




182   Alibaba Group Holding Limited
                                                                                   Corporate Governance Report


         Compliance and Risk Committee

See the section “Directors, Senior Management and Employees — Board Practices — Board Committees — Compliance and Risk
Committee” for the description of the composition and the role and function of the Compliance and Risk Committee.

Our Compliance and Risk Committee held four meetings during the reporting period and it had, among other things, reviewed the
compliance and risk management reports of the Company, the Company’s principal business groups and other subsidiary businesses.

         Capital Management Committee

See the section “Directors, Senior Management and Employees — Board Practices — Board Committees — Capital Management
Committee” for the description of the composition and the role and function of the Capital Management Committee.

Our Capital Management Committee held six meetings during the reporting period and it had, among other things, reviewed non-core
operating assets disposal, cash return to shareholders proposal, disposition of the Company’s subsidiary businesses, notes offering and
the equity-based incentive plans of the Company’s principal businesses and other subsidiary businesses.

Board Activities

During the reporting period, the board held four regular meetings and five ad hoc meetings. A summary of the attendance record of the
directors at the board meetings, the board committee meetings and the annual general meeting is set out in the following table below:

                                            Number of meeting(s) attended in person/by proxies/eligible to attend
                                                                        Nominating
                                                                       and Corporate                  Compliance  Capital
                                                Audit Compensation Governance Sustainability and Risk Management
                               Board meetings Committee Committee        Committee      Committee Committee Committee
     Director         AGM     Regular Ad hoc meetings     meetings       meetings2       meetings       meetings3 meetings

Joseph C. TSAI         1/1       4/4      5/5        N/A          N/A             1/1            1/1           N/A            6/6

Eddie Yongming
WU                     1/1       4/4      5/5        N/A          N/A             N/A            N/A           2/22           6/6

J. Michael EVANS       1/1       4/4      5/5        N/A          N/A             N/A            N/A           4/4            6/6

Maggie Wei WU          1/1       4/4      5/5        N/A          N/A             N/A            0/1           N/A            6/6

Jerry YANG             1/1       4/4      3/5        N/A           3/3            1/1            1/1           N/A           N/A

Wan Ling
MARTELLO               0/1       4/4      5/5        5/5          N/A             N/A            N/A           N/A           N/A

Weijian SHAN           0/1       4/4      3/5        5/5          N/A             N/A            N/A           N/A           N/A

Irene Yun-Lien
LEE                    1/1       4/4      4/5        N/A          N/A             1/1            N/A           4/4           N/A

Albert Kong Ping
NG                     1/1       4/4      5/5        5/5           3/3            N/A            N/A           4/4           N/A

Kabir MISRA            1/1       4/4      4/51       N/A           3/3            N/A            N/A           4/4           N/A
Notes:

1. Kabir Misra attended one of the ad hoc board meetings by proxy.
2. Joe Tsai was a member of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee until August 22, 2024.
3. Eddie Wu was a member of the Compliance and Risk Committee until August 23, 2024.




                                                                                                       Fiscal Year 2025 Annual Report     183
      Corporate Governance Report


      Continuous Professional Development of Directors

      We provide each new director with orientation training to ensure that he or she has appropriate understanding of our business and such
      director is aware of his or her duties as director under the applicable laws and regulations. Our management regularly provides
      directors with updates about the Company’s business, industry and regulatory environment, and also arrange training on relevant
      topics.

      During the period from the Primary Conversion Effective Date to March 31, 2025, each of our directors (namely Joe Tsai, Eddie Wu,
      Mike Evans, Maggie Wu, Jerry Yang, Wan Ling Martello, Weijian Shan, Irene Lee, Albert Ng and Kabir Misra) participated in
      continuous professional development by attending seminars or presentations or by reading materials.

      Directors’ Remuneration Policy and Compensation of Executive Officers

      Particulars of Director's remuneration and five highest paid employees of the Company as required to be disclosed pursuant to
      Appendix D2 to the Hong Kong Listing Rules are set out in note 32 to the consolidated financial statements.

      Pursuant to code provision E.1.5 of part 2 of the Corporate Governance Code, the remuneration of the senior management other than
      independent directors (whose biographies are set out in the section “Directors, Senior Management and Employees — Directors and
      Senior Management”) by bands for the year ended March 31, 2025 is set out below:

       Remuneration bands                                                 Number of individuals
       Nil ~ RMB50,000,000                                                         4
       RMB50,000,001 ~ RMB150,000,000                                              3
       Above RMB150,000,000                                                        1

      For information about our directors’ remuneration policy and compensation of executive officers, please see the section “Directors,
      Senior Management and Employees — Compensation — Compensation of Directors and Executive Officers.”


      Risk Management and Internal Control
      The board acknowledges that it is its responsibility to ensure that the Company has established and maintained adequate and effective
      risk management and internal control systems. For the avoidance of doubt, such systems are designed to manage rather than eliminate
      risk of failure to achieve business objectives, and can only provide reasonable and not absolute assurance against material
      misstatement or loss.

      We have established a three-tier risk management structure comprising the Compliance and Risk Committee at the board level, the
      risk management committee at the management level and the risk management working group. The Compliance and Risk Committee
      is responsible for overseeing our overall compliance and risk management and supervises the risk management committee, which
      includes members of senior management. The risk management committee is responsible for designing our risk management
      framework, including among other things, identifying major risks and formulating risk governance strategies, and monitoring,
      implementing, evaluating and improving the risk management framework. The risk management working group comprises risk
      management leaders at the business level as well as leaders of other functions, and is responsible for implementing specific risk
      management tasks. With respect to internal control, our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal
      control. The Board, through the Audit Committee, monitors and oversees our internal control systems. We have an internal audit
      function.

      The Compliance and Risk Committee and the Audit Committee each reviews our risk management systems and internal control
      systems, respectively, by reviewing relevant reports and information and meeting with management on a quarterly basis. As required
      by Rule 13a-15(c) of the U.S. Exchange Act, our management conducts an evaluation of our company’s internal control over financial
      reporting. Based on these reviews, the Board believes that during the reporting period, the Company’s risk management and internal
      control systems are effective and adequate.


      Directors’ Responsibility in respect of the Financial Statements
      The directors acknowledge their responsibility for preparing the financial statements of the Group for the reporting period. The
      directors are not aware of any material uncertainties relating to events or conditions that may cast significant doubt on the Company’s
      ability to continue as a going concern.




184   Alibaba Group Holding Limited
                                                                                     Corporate Governance Report



Auditor’s Remuneration
For details of the aggregate fees by categories in connection with certain professional services rendered by our principal accountant,
see the section “Management Discussion and Analysis – Principal Accountant Fees and Services.”


Other Information
Our Mission, Vision and Values

For details of our mission, vision, values and culture, see “Our Mission,” “Our Vision” and “Our Values.”

Compliance with the Corporate Governance Code

We became subject to the Corporate Governance Code upon the voluntary conversion of our secondary listing status to primary listing
status on the Main Board of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, effective on the Primary Conversion Effective Date.

In the opinion of the board, we have complied with all applicable code provisions as set out in Part 2 of the Corporate Governance
Code during the period from the Primary Conversion Effective Date to March 31, 2025.

Compliance with the Model Code

We have adopted our own trading guidelines, on terms no less exacting than the required standard set out in the Model Code, to
regulate, among others, all dealings by directors and relevant employees of securities in the company.

Having made specific enquiry of all directors, all directors confirmed that they have complied with our trading guidelines throughout
the period from the Primary Conversion Effective Date to March 31, 2025.

Framework for Disclosure of Inside Information

Our Board is responsible for the handling and dissemination of inside information. We have a framework for the handling and
disclosure of inside information in compliance with applicable laws and regulations.

Diversity

Potential director candidates shall be nominated for election to the board in accordance with our Articles. With reference to our
corporate governance guidelines and the charter of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee, in identifying and
evaluating director candidates, the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee considers multiple aspects, such as professional
skills and experiences, culture and diversity (including age, gender and cultural background), among other factors.

Our board of directors represents a diverse range of professional backgrounds and industry experiences. As of March 31, 2025, our
board consisted of ten directors, including three female directors.

We are also committed to attracting, nurturing and retaining talents who form a diverse workforce. As of March 31, 2025, women
accounted for 35.4% of our total employees and 30% of our executive officers.

Whistleblowing Policy

In order to ensure that all employees as well as other companies, organizations and individuals who deal with us have an effective
channel to report non-compliance of our code of ethics and related policies, we have instituted whistleblower rules and procedures that
may be established from time to time. If our employees know of or suspect a violation of applicable laws or regulations, the code of
ethics, or our related policies, such employee must immediately report that information to the relevant person(s) in charge of the Internal
Audit and Compliance Department and the Legal Department in accordance with the whistleblower rules and procedures.




                                                                                                        Fiscal Year 2025 Annual Report        185
      Corporate Governance Report


      Anti-Corruption Policy

      With a zero-tolerance stance against corruption, we have established and kept refining our anti-corruption system. To ensure that the
      system works effectively, we constantly put efforts into building an effective organizational structure and a robust management system.
      Additionally, we conduct regular assessments, perform periodic audits, and strengthen awareness training to improve our capabilities of
      conducting anti-corruption investigations and preventing risks.

      We have established a well-developed management mechanism to prevent and manage risk incidents related to corruption.

      At the beginning of each year, the Integrity and Compliance Department analyzes historical corruption cases to identify high-risk
      business activities and positions. Targeted training and regular monitoring are conducted accordingly. A continuous review of past cases
      further helps pinpoint potential risks.

      Strengthening daily education and training is one of the best ways to prevent risks. We require all employees to pass Alibaba Group
      Code of Business Conduct exam each year. In addition, we offer targeted training to new employees, managers, employees in high-risk
      business activities or positions, and external partners and suppliers. Each year, all employees are required to sign a letter confirming
      their commitment to observing Alibaba Group Code of Business Conduct and engaging in anti-corruption practices.

      We urge managers to assume responsibility for overseeing and managing anti-corruption efforts. Alibaba Group Code of Business
      Conduct mandates that managers prioritize risk control, champion positive culture, and provide their teams with effective guidance and
      support. The manager’s performance results are linked to his or her team’s performance in identifying and handling integrity risks. A
      manager will be held accountable if he or she fails to effectively fulfill his or her managerial duties in integrity, which will affect his or
      her performance results, including bonuses and promotions.

      Company Secretary

      Mr. Kevin Jinwei Zhang is our company secretary. During the reporting period, Mr. Zhang has taken no less than 15 hours relevant
      professional trainings in accordance with the Hong Kong Listing Rules.

      Dividend Policy

      See the section “Other Information for Shareholders — Dividend Policy.”

      Shareholders Communication

      We have adopted a shareholders communication policy, which aims to provide our shareholders with balanced and understandable
      information about the Company. The policy sets forth channels of communication with shareholders, including but not limited to
      publication of corporate communication (such as annual report, interim report and other information), posting corporate
      communication on the Company’s website and shareholders’ meetings. We encourage our shareholders to participate in general
      meetings or to appoint proxies to attend and vote at the meetings for and on their behalf if they are unable to attend the meetings.

      During the period from the Primary Conversion Effective Date to March 31, 2025, the Nominating and Corporate Governance
      Committee reviewed the implementation and effectiveness of the shareholders communication policy, and considered that the policy
      has been properly implemented and effective.

      Shareholders who would like to communicate with, or otherwise make his or her concerns known to, the board or the independent
      directors as a group, may do so by emailing to investor@alibaba-inc.com or writing to the attention of the company secretary at 26/F
      Tower One, Times Square, 1 Matheson Street, Causeway Bay, Hong Kong SAR, the People’s Republic of China.

      Each communication should specify the applicable addressee or addressees to be contacted as well as the general topic of the
      communication. We will review and forward such communications to the appropriate party provided that the communication is not
      determined to be primarily commercial in nature or otherwise related to an improper or irrelevant topic. Such communications may be
      done confidentially or anonymously.




186   Alibaba Group Holding Limited
                                                                                      Corporate Governance Report


Requisitioning an Extraordinary Meeting

Shareholders may put forward proposals for consideration at a general meeting of the Company according to the Articles. Pursuant to
Article 57 of the Articles, extraordinary general meetings shall be convened upon the requisition of shareholders holding at the date of
deposit of the requisition in aggregate not less than one-third of the voting rights of such of the issued shares of the Company
(excluding treasury shares) as at that date of the deposit carries the right of voting at general meetings of the Company. The requisition
must state the objects of the meeting, set forth a form of any resolutions proposed by the requisitionists for consideration at the
meeting and must be signed by the requisitionists and deposited at the registered office of the Company, and may consist of several
documents in like form each signed by one or more requisitionists. Our registered office in the Cayman Islands is located at the offices
of Trident Trust Company (Cayman) Limited, Fourth Floor, One Capital Place, P.O. Box 847, George Town, Grand Cayman, Cayman
Islands.

If the directors do not within 21 days from the date of the deposit of the requisition duly proceed to convene a general meeting to be
held within a further 21 days, the requisitionists, or any of them representing more than one-half of the total voting rights of all of
them, may themselves convene a general meeting, but any meeting so convened shall not be held after the expiration of three months
after the expiration of 21 days from the date of the deposit of the requisition.

Notwithstanding any other provision of the Articles, the shareholders who requisition a meeting: (i) may propose only Ordinary
Resolutions (as defined in the Articles) to be considered and voted upon at such meeting; and (ii) shall have no right to propose any
resolutions with respect to the election, appointment or removal of directors or with respect to the size of the board. Save as set out in
Article 57 of the Articles, the shareholders have no right to propose resolutions to be considered or voted upon at annual general
meetings or extraordinary general meetings of the Company.

Paragraph 14(5) of Appendix A1 to the Hong Kong Listing Rules provides “that members holding a minority stake in the total number
of issued shares must be able to convene an extraordinary general meeting and add resolutions to a meeting agenda. The minimum
stake required to do so must not be higher than 10% of the voting rights, on a one vote per share basis, in the share capital (excluding
treasury shares) of the issuer.”

At the time of our secondary listing on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, the Hong Kong Stock Exchange granted us a waiver from
compliance with Rule 19C.07(7) of the Hong Kong Listing Rules (which has, since January 1, 2022, become paragraph 14(5) of
Appendix A1 of the Hong Kong Listing Rules) on certain conditions as set out in our prospectus dated November 15, 2019. On the
basis that the circumstances under which the waiver was granted, other than our listing status on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange,
have not changed, we have applied for, and the Hong Kong Stock Exchange has granted, a waiver from strict compliance with
paragraph 14(5) (requisition of extraordinary general meetings) of Appendix A1 to the Hong Kong Listing Rules.

For additional information on such waiver and exemption, see “Exemptions and Waivers — Hong Kong Listing Rules.”

Significant Changes to Constitutional Documents

On August 22, 2024, we adopted by way of special resolution a new set of Articles in substitution for and to the exclusion of the
previous Articles of Association. The changes were mainly to (i) comply with the Hong Kong Listing Rules in light of the Primary
Conversion, with the exception of the relevant provisions pertaining to our weighted voting rights structure (including the appointment
and removal of directors and the threshold for requisition of shareholders’ meetings); and (ii) incorporate certain consequential and
housekeeping amendments.

The latest version of our Articles is available on our website and the website of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange. Save as disclosed,
there was no other significant change in our constitutional documents during the reporting period.




                                                                                                         Fiscal Year 2025 Annual Report      187
      Major Shareholders and Related Party Transactions

      Major Shareholders
      The following table sets forth information with respect to beneficial ownership of our ordinary shares as of June 20, 2025, except
      otherwise noted, by:

                 •    each of our directors and executive officers;

                 •    our directors and executive officers as a group; and

                 •    each person known to us to beneficially own 5% or more of our ordinary shares.

      Beneficial ownership is determined in accordance with the rules and regulations of the SEC and includes the power to direct the
      voting or the disposition of the securities or to receive the economic benefit of the ownership of the securities. In computing the
      number of shares beneficially owned by a person and the percentage ownership of that person, we have included Shares underlying
      the ADSs and Shares in CCASS held by the person. We have also included Shares that the person has the right to acquire within 60
      days of this annual report, including through the vesting of RSUs and options. These Shares, however, are not included in the
      computation of the percentage ownership of any other person. The calculations of percentage ownership in the table below are based
      on 18,553,264,125 ordinary shares (equivalent to approximately 2,319,158,016 ADSs) outstanding as of June 20, 2025.

                                                                                           Beneficial                       Beneficial
                                                                                           ownership                        ownership
      Name (2)                                                                      (Ordinary shares)                        (ADSs)(3)               Percent
      Directors and Executive Officers:
        Joseph C. TSAI(1)                                                                   274,227,397                     34,278,425                             1.5 %
        Eddie Yongming WU                                                                             *                              *                               *
        J. Michael EVANS                                                                              *                              *                               *
        Maggie Wei WU                                                                                 *                              *                               *
        Jerry YANG                                                                                    *                              *                               *
        Wan Ling MARTELLO                                                                             *                              *                               *
        Weijian SHAN                                                                                  *                              *                               *
        Irene Yun-Lien LEE                                                                            *                              *                               *
        Albert Kong Ping NG                                                                           *                              *                               *
        Kabir MISRA                                                                                   *                              *                               *
        Toby Hong XU                                                                                  *                              *                               *
        Jane Fang JIANG                                                                               *                              *                               *
        Sara Siying YU                                                                                *                              *                               *
        Fan JIANG                                                                                     *                              *                               *
      All directors and executive officers as a group                                       347,225,979                     43,403,247                             1.9 %

      Notes:

      * This person beneficially owns less than 1% of our outstanding ordinary shares.

      (1)   Represents (i) 644,405 ordinary shares held directly by Joe Tsai, (ii) 12,658,152 ordinary shares held by Joe and Clara Tsai Foundation Limited, a company
            incorporated under the law of the Island of Guernsey with its registered address at PO Box 186, Royal Chambers, St Julian's Avenue, St Peter Port, Guernsey GY1
            4HP, that has granted Joe Tsai a revocable proxy over these shares and which is wholly-owned by Joe and Clara Tsai Foundation, (iii) 147,385,672 ordinary
            shares held by Parufam Limited, a Bahamas corporation with its registered address at 303 Shirley Street, P.O. Box N-492, Nassau, The Bahamas, and over which,
            Joe Tsai, as the sole director of Parufam Limited, has voting and disposition power and (iv) 113,539,168 ordinary shares held by PMH Holding Limited, a British
            Virgin Islands corporation with its registered address at Kingston Chambers, PO Box 173, Road Town, Tortola, British Virgin Islands, and over which, Joe Tsai,
            as the sole director of PMH Holding Limited, has voting and disposition power. Joe Tsai does not have any pecuniary interests in the 12,658,152 ordinary shares
            held by Joe and Clara Tsai Foundation Limited. Joe Tsai’s business address is 26/F Tower One, Times Square, 1 Matheson Street, Causeway Bay, Hong Kong
            SAR, the People’s Republic of China.

      (2)   As of June 20, 2025, Softbank Group Corp. is no longer a major shareholder of the Company.




188   Alibaba Group Holding Limited
                                                   Major Shareholders and Related Party Transactions


(3)   Each ADS represents eight Shares.

We have one class of ordinary shares, and each holder of our ordinary shares is entitled to one vote per share.

As of June 20, 2025, 18,553,264,125 of our ordinary shares (equivalent to approximately 2,319,158,016 ADSs) were outstanding. To
our knowledge, 4,931,101,848 ordinary shares (equivalent to 616,387,731 ADSs), representing approximately 26.6% of our total
outstanding shares, were held by 171 record shareholders with registered addresses in the United States, including brokers and banks
that hold securities in street name on behalf of their customers. We are not aware of any arrangement that may at a subsequent date,
result in a change of control of our company.


Disclosure of Interest
The following tables set forth:

       •       the interest and short positions of our directors and chief executive officer in the shares, underlying shares and debentures
               of our Company or its associated corporations within the meaning of Part XV of the SFO, which were required (a) to be
               notified to us and the Hong Kong Stock Exchange pursuant to Divisions 7 and 8 of Part XV of the SFO (including
               interests and short positions which they were taken or deemed to have under such provisions of the SFO); or (b) to be
               recorded in the register required to be kept by us pursuant to Section 352 of the SFO; or (c) as otherwise notified to us and
               the Hong Kong Stock Exchange pursuant to the Model Code; and

       •       the interest and short positions of persons other than our directors and chief executive officer in the Shares and underlying
               Shares which would fall to be disclosed to us pursuant to Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of the SFO or as recorded in the
               register required to be kept by us pursuant to Section 336 of the SFO,

in each case as of March 31, 2025. Interest and short positions under the SFO are determined differently from beneficial ownership
disclosed in above section “Major Shareholders and Related Party Transactions — Major Shareholders”, which is determined in
accordance with the rules and regulations of the SEC. Moreover, information about persons other than our directors and chief
executive officer, including our substantial shareholders (as defined under SFO), was obtained solely from publicly available
information on the website of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange or as otherwise the Company is aware, and the Company cannot
guarantee the accuracy and completeness of such information.




                                                                                                          Fiscal Year 2025 Annual Report       189
      Major Shareholders and Related Party Transactions


      Directors and Chief Executive Officer

      Interest in our Company

        Name of director /              Capacity / nature of interest                                            Number of shares/               Approximate %
        chief executive officer                                                                              underlying shares (1),(2)         of shareholding (3)
                                                                                                     (in number          (in number
                                                                                                      of Shares)           of ADSs)

        Joseph C. TSAI (4)              Beneficial owner                                            641,072 (L)              80,134 (L)                         0.00 %
                                        Interest of spouse                                        1,280,000 (L)             160,000 (L)                         0.01 %
                                        Founder of a discretionary trust
                                         who can influence how the trustee
                                         exercises his discretion                               12,987,432 (L)            1,623,429 (L)                         0.07 %
                                        Interest in controlled corporation                     260,924,840 (L)           32,615,605 (L)                         1.37 %
                                                                                               275,833,344 (L)           34,479,168 (L)                         1.45 %

        Eddie Yongming WU (5)           Beneficial owner                                         17,879,752 (L)           2,234,969 (L)                         0.09 %
                                        Interest of spouse                                          108,000 (L)              13,500 (L)                         0.00 %
                                        Founder of a discretionary trust
                                         who can influence how the trustee
                                         exercises his discretion                                12,320,000 (L)           1,540,000 (L)                         0.06 %
                                                                                                 30,307,752 (L)           3,788,469 (L)                         0.16 %

        J. Michael EVANS (6)            Beneficial owner                                         18,636,592 (L)           2,329,574 (L)                         0.10 %

        Maggie Wei WU (7)               Beneficial owner                                          3,533,632 (L)             441,704 (L)                         0.02 %
                                        Founder of a discretionary trust
                                        who can influence how the trustee
                                        exercises his discretion                                  7,600,000 (L)             950,000 (L)                         0.04 %
                                                                                                 11,133,632 (L)           1,391,704 (L)                         0.06 %

        Jerry YANG                      Beneficial owner                                            453,072 (L)              56,634 (L)                         0.00 %

        Wan Ling MARTELLO               Beneficial owner                                            328,000 (L)              41,000 (L)                         0.00 %

        Weijian SHAN                    Beneficial owner                                            112,800 (L)              14,100 (L)                         0.00 %

        Irene Yun-Lien LEE              Beneficial owner                                            101,600 (L)              12,700 (L)                         0.00 %

        Albert Kong Ping NG             Beneficial owner                                            101,600 (L)              12,700 (L)                         0.00 %

        Kabir MISRA                     Beneficial owner                                            506,800 (L)              63,350 (L)                         0.00 %


        Notes:
           1.     The letter “L” stands for long position.


           2.     Each ADS represents eight Shares.


           3.     The calculation is based on a total of 18,998,287,724 Shares in issue as of March 31, 2025 (including Shares repurchased but not yet cancelled as of
                  March 31, 2025).


           4.     The interests comprised (i) 630,400 Shares held by Joe Tsai; (ii) 10,672 Shares underlying the outstanding RSUs granted to Joe Tsai; (iii) 1,280,000
                  Shares held by his spouse; (iv) 12,987,432 Shares held by Joe and Clara Tsai Foundation Limited, a company incorporated under the law of the Island of
                  Guernsey that has granted Joe Tsai a revocable proxy over these Shares and which is wholly-owned by Joe and Clara Tsai Foundation; (v) 147,385,672
                  Shares held by Parufam Limited, a Bahamas corporation of which Joe Tsai is the sole director; and (vi) 113,539,168 Shares held by PMH Holding
                  Limited, a British Virgin Islands corporation of which Joe Tsai is the sole director.


           5.     The interests comprised (i) 599,752 Shares held by Eddie Wu; (ii) 1,280,000 Shares underlying the outstanding RSUs and 16,000,000 Shares underlying
                  the outstanding share options granted to Eddie Wu; (iii) 108,000 Shares held by his spouse; and (iv) 12,320,000 Shares held by a discretionary trust of
                  which Eddie Wu is a founder.




190   Alibaba Group Holding Limited
                                                          Major Shareholders and Related Party Transactions



      6.    The interests comprised (i) 76,192 Shares held by Mike Evans; and (ii) 1,360,400 Shares underlying the outstanding RSUs and 17,200,000 Shares
            underlying the outstanding share options granted to Mike Evans.


      7.    The interests comprised (i) 3,431,224 Shares held by Maggie Wu; (ii) 102,408 Shares underlying the outstanding RSUs granted to Maggie Wu; and (iii)
            7,600,000 Shares held by a discretionary trust of which Maggie Wu is a founder.

Save as disclosed above, as of March 31, 2025, none of our directors or chief executive officer had any interest or short position in the
shares, underlying shares or debentures of our Company or any of its associated corporations (within the meaning of Part XV of the
SFO) which were required to be notified to us and the Hong Kong Stock Exchange pursuant to Divisions 7 and 8 of Part XV of the
SFO (including interests and short positions which were taken or deemed to have taken under such provisions of the SFO), or which
were recorded in the register required to be kept pursuant to Section 352 of the SFO, to be entered in the register referred to therein, or
which were required, pursuant to the Model Code, to be notified to us and the Hong Kong Stock Exchange.


Substantial Shareholders

                                                                                                                    Number of shares/            Approximate %
Name of shareholder             Capacity / nature of interest                                                    underlying shares (1),(2)     of shareholding (3)
                                                                                                        (in number           (in number
                                                                                                         of Shares)            of ADSs)

JPMorgan Chase & Co. (4)        Beneficial owner                                                 356,673,036 (L)             44,584,129 (L)                     1.88 %
                                                                                                 373,175,383 (S)             46,646,922 (S)                     1.96 %

                                Trustee                                                             2,549,960 (L)                318,745 (L)                    0.01 %

                                Investment manager                                               321,491,120 (L)             40,186,390 (L)                     1.69 %
                                                                                                   2,235,940 (S)                279,492 (S)                     0.01 %

                                Person having a security interest in shares                        75,891,793 (L)              9,486,474 (L)                    0.40 %

                                Approved lending agent                                           383,643,833 (L)             47,955,479 (L)                     2.01 %
                                                                                                 383,643,833 (P)             47,955,479 (P)                     2.01 %
                                                                                               1,140,249,742 (L)            142,531,217 (L)                     6.00 %
                                                                                                 375,411,323 (S)             46,926,415 (S)                     1.97 %
                                                                                                 383,643,833 (P)             47,955,479 (P)                     2.01 %


   Notes:

      1.    The letter “L” stands for long position, the letter “S” stands for short position and the letter “P” stands for lending pool.

      2.    Each ADS represents eight Shares. The number of ADSs is, where applicable, rounded down to the nearest whole number and for reference only.

      3.    The calculation is based on a total of 18,998,287,724 Shares in issue as of March 31, 2025 (including Shares repurchased but not yet cancelled as of
            March 31, 2025).

      4.    According to the disclosure of interests notice filed by JPMorgan Chase & Co. regarding the relevant event dated March 31, 2025, (a) 356,673,036
            Shares (long position) and 373,175,383 Shares (short position) were held by JPMorgan Chase & Co. directly; (b) 2,549,960 Shares (long position) were
            held by a trust of which JPMorgan Chase & Co. is a trustee; and (c) the remaining interests were held by JPMorgan Chase & Co. indirectly through
            certain of its controlled corporations. Among them, (i) 61,397,516 Shares (long position) and 98,319,500 Shares (short position) were held through
            physically settled listed derivatives; (ii) 5,497,591 Shares (long position) and 28,953,489 Shares (short position) were held through cash settled listed
            derivatives; (iii) 46,948,200 Shares (long position) and 31,187,844 Shares (short position) were held through physically settled unlisted derivatives; (iv)
            53,771,304 Shares (long position) and 63,300,048 Shares (short position) were held through cash settled unlisted derivatives; and (v) 79,820,765 Shares
            (long position) and 313,087 Shares (short position) were held through listed derivatives which are convertible instruments.

Save as disclosed above, as of March 31, 2025, so far as known to the Company, no person (other than our directors and chief
executive officer) had an interest or short position in the Shares or underlying Shares which would fall to be disclosed to us under
Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of the SFO, or would fall to be recorded in the register required to be kept by us pursuant to Section 336
of the SFO.




                                                                                                                                 Fiscal Year 2025 Annual Report           191
      Major Shareholders and Related Party Transactions



      Related Party Transactions
      Our Related Party Transaction and Connected Transaction Policy

      In order to prevent risks of conflicts of interest or the appearance of conflicts of interest, all of our directors and employees are subject
      to our code of business conduct and other policies which require, among other things, that any potential transaction between us and an
      employee or director, their relatives and closely connected persons and certain entities in which they, their relatives or closely
      connected persons have an interest be approved in writing by an appropriate supervisor or compliance officer.

      We have also adopted a related party transaction and connected transaction policy regarding related party transactions, as defined by
      Form 20-F, and connected transactions, as defined by the Hong Kong Listing Rules. These include transactions with our directors and
      senior management, including their family members, Ant Group and its subsidiaries, the Alibaba Partnership, as well as other relevant
      parties. This policy is intended to supplement the procedures set forth in our code of business conduct and our other corporate
      governance policies and does not exempt any person from more restrictive provisions that may exist in our existing procedures and
      policies.

      This related party transaction and connected transaction policy provides, among other things, that, unless otherwise pre-approved by
      our board of directors and subject to compliance with the Hong Kong Listing Rules:

                 •    each related party transaction and connected transaction, and any material amendment or modification thereof, shall be
                      adequately disclosed to, and reviewed and approved or ratified by, our Audit Committee or any committee composed
                      solely of disinterested independent directors or by the disinterested members of such committee; and

                 •    any employment relationship or similar transaction involving our directors or senior management and any related
                      compensation shall be approved by the disinterested members of our Compensation Committee or recommended by the
                      disinterested members of the Compensation Committee to our board for its approval.

      Our related party transaction and connected transaction policy, code of business conduct and our other corporate governance policies
      are subject to periodic review and revision by our board.

      Summary of Major Related Party Transactions

      As disclosed in greater detail in the following paragraphs, we have entered into or continued certain major related party transactions in
      fiscal years 2023, 2024 and 2025, which are summarized in the table below.

      Related Party                                                                        Transaction Description
      Ant Group and its affiliates                 •    The SAPA, which was amended in 2018, 2019, 2020 and 2022, pursuant to which we received
                                                        a 33% equity interest (on a fully diluted basis) in Ant Group, and which sets forth, among other
                                                        things, our rights in Ant Group.

                                                   •    The Alipay commercial agreement, pursuant to which Alipay provides payment and escrow
                                                        services to us.

                                                   •    The Amended IPLA provides that we and our subsidiaries license to Ant Group and/or its
                                                        subsidiaries certain intellectual property rights; pursuant to the SAPA, a cross-license
                                                        agreement was entered into in September 2019 upon our receipt of the 33% equity interest (on a
                                                        fully diluted basis) in Ant Group.

                                                   •    Other ancillary agreements, including a shared services agreement, which was amended and
                                                        restated in 2020, pursuant to which we and Ant Group provide certain administrative and
                                                        support services to each other and our respective affiliates, a SME loan cooperation framework
                                                        agreement, pursuant to which we and Ant Group cooperate with each other with respect to the
                                                        enforcement of each other’s rights and the provision of certain financial services to our
                                                        customers and merchants in connection with the SME loan business, and a trademark
                                                        agreement, pursuant to which we granted Ant Group a license for it to continue to use certain
                                                        trademarks and domain names.

                                                   •    We provide Ant Group and its affiliates with cloud computing services, marketplace software
                                                        technology services and other services.

                                                   •    Various investments involving Ant Group.




192   Alibaba Group Holding Limited
                                                             Major Shareholders and Related Party Transactions


Related Party                                                                                         Transaction Description
                                                        •     Prior to 2023, we granted share-based awards to employees of Ant Group; Junhan, a major
                                                              equity holder of Ant Group, and Ant Group granted share-based awards to our employees. We,
                                                              Junhan and Ant Group agreed to settle with each other the cost associated with certain share-
                                                              based awards granted to each other’s employees upon vesting.

Entities affiliated with our directors and officers •         We agreed to assume the cost of maintenance, crew and operation of personal aircraft of our
                                                              chairman where the cost is allocated for business purposes.

                                                        •     Investments in and various investments involving the Vision Plus Capital Funds, investment
                                                              funds affiliated with our director and chief executive officer.

Investment funds affiliated with Jack Ma                •     Various investments involving the Yunfeng Funds, investment funds affiliated with Jack Ma.

Investees                                               •     We extended loans to and provided guarantees for certain of our investees.

                                                        •     We have made co-investments with certain of our investees.

Variable interest entities and variable interest        •     We operate certain of our businesses in China through contractual arrangements between our
entity equity holders                                         relevant subsidiaries, the variable interest entities and variable interest entity equity holders.

Directors and executive officers                        •     We entered into indemnification agreements with our directors and executive officers.

                                                        •     We entered into employment agreements with our directors and executive officers.

                                                        •     We grant equity incentive awards to our directors and executive officers.


Commercial Arrangements with Investees and Ant Group and Its Affiliates

The following table summarizes the services fees paid to Ant Group and its affiliates in fiscal years 2023, 2024 and 2025.

                                                                                                                    Year ended March 31,
                Related Party                               Transaction                        2023                2024                            2025
                                                                                               RMB                 RMB                RMB                     US$
                                                                                                                        (in millions)
Ant Group and its affiliates                  Payment processing and escrow
                                               services fee                                       12,484              13,164               15,467               2,131
                                              Marketplace software
                                               technology services fee
                                               and others(1)                                       2,271                3,050               4,314                   594

Note:

(1)     Marketplace software technology services fee and others primarily relates to marketing support services in connection with our retail marketplaces.

Certain of our investees have entered into commercial arrangements with us in connection with certain logistics services they provide
to us. In fiscal years 2023, 2024 and 2025, we incurred costs and expenses of RMB14,750 million, RMB14,864 million and
RMB15,542 million (US$2,142 million), respectively, for these logistics services. In fiscal year 2025, these costs and expenses
accounted for 1.8% of our costs and expenses.

Certain of our investees have also entered into commercial arrangements with us in connection with certain marketing services they
provide to our business. In fiscal years 2023, 2024 and 2025, we incurred costs and expenses of RMB382 million, RMB736 million
and RMB1,010 million (US$139 million), respectively, for these marketing services. In fiscal year 2025, these costs and expenses
accounted for 0.1% of our costs and expenses.

Other than the foregoing, the aggregate service fees we paid to other related parties accounted for less than 1% of total costs and
expenses in each of fiscal years 2023, 2024 and 2025.




                                                                                                                                 Fiscal Year 2025 Annual Report           193
      Major Shareholders and Related Party Transactions


      The following table summarizes the services fees received from Ant Group and its affiliates in fiscal years 2023, 2024 and 2025.

                                                                                                     Year ended March 31,
                 Related Party                        Transaction                 2023              2024                      2025
                                                                                  RMB               RMB                RMB            US$
                                                                                                         (in millions)
      Ant Group and its affiliates        Cloud services fee                          8,409            8,814           11,113            1,531
                                          Marketplace software
                                           technology services fee
                                           and others                                 3,396            4,051            6,046               833

      We have entered into commercial arrangements with certain of our investees related to logistics services. In fiscal years 2023, 2024
      and 2025, we recognized revenue of RMB1,140 million, RMB2,540 million and RMB4,573 million (US$630 million), respectively, in
      connection with these logistics services. In fiscal year 2025, this revenue accounted for 0.5% of our revenue.

      We have also entered into commercial arrangements with certain of our investees related to cloud services. In fiscal years 2023, 2024
      and 2025, we recognized revenue of RMB1,462 million, RMB984 million and RMB4,507 million (US$621 million), respectively, for
      these cloud services. In fiscal year 2025, this revenue accounted for 0.5% of our revenue.

      Other than the related party transactions summarized above, the aggregate payments we received from other related parties accounted
      for less than 1% of total revenue in each of the fiscal years 2023, 2024 and 2025.

      Agreements and Transactions Related to Ant Group and Its Subsidiaries

               Ownership of Ant Group and Alipay

      We originally established Alipay in December 2004 to operate our payment services business. In June 2010, the PBOC issued new
      regulations that required non-bank payment companies to obtain a license in order to operate in China. These regulations provided
      specific guidelines for license applications only for domestic PRC-owned entities. These regulations stipulated that, in order for any
      foreign-invested payment company to obtain a license, the scope of business, the qualifications of any foreign investor and any level
      of foreign ownership would be subject to future regulations to be issued, which in addition would require approval by the State
      Council of the PRC. Furthermore, these regulations required that any payment company that failed to obtain a license must cease
      operations by September 1, 2011. Although Alipay was prepared to submit its license application in early 2011, at that time the PBOC
      had not issued any guidelines applicable to license applications for foreign-invested payment companies. In light of the uncertainties
      relating to the license qualification and application process for a foreign-invested payment company, our management determined that
      it was necessary to restructure Alipay as a company wholly-owned by PRC citizens in order to avail Alipay of the specific licensing
      guidelines applicable only to domestic PRC-owned entities. Accordingly, we divested all of our interest in and control over Alipay in
      2011, which resulted in deconsolidation of Alipay from our financial statements. This action enabled Alipay to obtain a payment
      business license in May 2011 without delay and without any detrimental impact to our China retail marketplaces or to Alipay.

      Following the divestment of our interest in and control over Alipay, effective in the first calendar quarter of 2011, the ownership
      structure of Alipay’s parent entity, Ant Group, was changed so that Jack Ma held a substantial majority of the equity ownership
      interest in Ant Group. The ownership structure of Ant Group subsequently was further restructured. Ant Group also completed several
      rounds of equity financing. In September 2019, we received a newly issued 33% equity interest (on a fully diluted basis) in Ant Group
      following the satisfaction of the closing conditions set forth in the SAPA, as amended in 2018 and 2019. In July 2023, we received
      notice from Ant Group that a shareholder meeting held on July 23, 2023 had approved, among other things, a proposal by Ant Group
      to repurchase from all of its shareholders up to 7.6% of its equity interest. We did not participate in such share repurchase.

      As of March 31, 2025, Junhan and Junao held approximately 31% and 22% of Ant Group’s equity interest, respectively, we held 33%
      and other shareholders held the remaining equity interest. Previously, Jack Ma had control over the equity interests in Ant Group held
      by Junhan and Junao. Through an agreement with the other shareholders of the general partner entity of Junhan and Junao as well as
      the articles of association of the general partner entity then in effect, Jack Ma had control over resolutions passed at general meetings
      of the general partner entity that would relate to the exercise of rights by Junhan and Junao as shareholders of Ant Group. In
      December 2023, Junhan and Junao completed certain changes in their voting structures, pursuant to which this agreement among Jack
      Ma and the other shareholders of the general partner entity of Junhan and Junao was terminated. In addition, Junhan changed its
      general partner to a newly established entity while Junao would keep the existing general partner entity. As a result of the changes, (i)
      Jack Ma no longer controls the majority voting interests in Ant Group held by Junhan and Junao, (ii) each of Junhan and Junao is
      controlled by a separate general partner entity that is not controlled by any single person, (iii) our equity interest in Ant Group remains
      unchanged, and (iv) neither we nor any other shareholder has control over Ant Group.




194   Alibaba Group Holding Limited
                                                Major Shareholders and Related Party Transactions


Economic interests of Ant Group through Junhan are owned by Jack Ma, Simon Xie and other employees and former employees of us
and Ant Group and its affiliates and investee companies. These economic interests are in the form of limited partnership interests and
interests similar to share appreciation rights tied to potential appreciation in the value of Ant Group. The economic interests in Junao
are held in the form of limited partnership interests by certain members of the Alibaba Partnership and Ant Group's management.

We understand that it is the intention of the shareholders of Ant Group that:

         •   Jack Ma’s direct and indirect economic interest in Ant Group (for the avoidance of doubt, other than the equity stake in
             Ant Group held by our company), as he has confirmed to us, will be reduced over time to a percentage that does not
             exceed his and his affiliates’ interest in our company as of the time immediately prior to the completion of our initial
             public offering (the percentage of our ordinary shares Jack Ma and his affiliates beneficially owned immediately prior to
             the completion of our initial public offering was 8.8%) and that this reduction will be caused in a manner by which
             neither Jack Ma nor any of his affiliates would receive any economic benefit thereby. We have been informed by Ant
             Group that the proposed reduction of Jack Ma’s economic interest is expected to be accomplished through a combination
             of future share-based awards to employees and dilutive issuances of equity in Ant Group, among others;

         •   from time to time, additional economic interests in Ant Group in the form of interests similar to share appreciation rights
             issued by Junhan will be transferred to employees of Ant Group and our employees; and

         •   Ant Group may raise equity capital from investors in the future in order to finance its business expansion, with the effect
             that the shareholding of Junao and Junhan in Ant Group will be reduced through dilution (the amount of dilution would
             depend on future valuations and the amount of equity capital to be raised).

         Our Commercial Arrangements with Ant Group and Alipay

After the divestment of our interest in and control over Alipay, we entered into a framework agreement in July 2011, or the 2011
framework agreement, with SoftBank, Altaba Inc. (formerly known as Yahoo! Inc.), Alipay, Ant Group, Jack Ma and Joe Tsai and
certain of their affiliates. At the same time, we also entered into various implementation agreements that included a commercial
agreement, or the Alipay commercial agreement, an intellectual property license and software technology service agreement, or the
2011 IPLA, and a shared services agreement, which together governed our financial and commercial relationships with Ant Group and
Alipay.

         Restructuring of Our Relationship with Ant Group and Alipay, 2019 Equity Issuance, and Related Amendments

On August 12, 2014, we entered into a share and asset purchase agreement, which we refer to as the SAPA, and entered into or
amended certain ancillary agreements including among others an amendment and restatement of the 2011 IPLA, or the 2014 IPLA, an
amended and restated shared services agreement, a SME loan cooperation framework agreement and a trademark agreement. We also
entered into a data sharing agreement, which was subsequently terminated on July 25, 2022. Currently, we and Ant Group, to the
extent necessary for each party to provide services to our respective customers, instead negotiate the terms of data sharing
arrangements on a case-by-case basis and as permitted by applicable laws and regulations. Pursuant to these agreements, we
restructured our relationships with Ant Group and Alipay and terminated the 2011 framework agreement. Pursuant to the SAPA, we
also sold certain securities and assets primarily relating to our SME loan business and other related services to Ant Group in February
2015.

On February 1, 2018, we amended both the SAPA and the Alipay commercial agreement, and agreed with Ant Group and certain
other parties on forms of certain ancillary agreements.

On September 23, 2019, we further amended the SAPA and received a 33% equity interest (on a fully diluted basis) in Ant Group
pursuant to the SAPA, or the Issuance. The Issuance was fully funded by payments from Ant Group and its subsidiaries to us in
consideration for certain intellectual property and assets that we transferred under the SAPA, as amended in 2018 and 2019. In
connection with the receipt of the Issuance, we entered into the previously agreed form of amendment and restatement of the 2014
IPLA, or the Amended IPLA. For more information, see “— Alipay Intellectual Property License and Software Technology Services
Agreement” below. We also entered into a cross license agreement with Ant Group providing for a license by each of Ant Group and
us to each other of certain patents, trademarks, software and other technologies (including but not limited to patents and software
transferred at the Issuance closing). The cross license agreement also contains provisions relating to cooperation and coordination
between Ant Group and us on various intellectual property matters, including prosecution, enforcement, acquisition, and joint defense
arrangements, among other matters.




                                                                                                       Fiscal Year 2025 Annual Report      195
      Major Shareholders and Related Party Transactions


      On August 24, 2020, we further amended the SAPA, the Alipay commercial agreement and certain other agreements, referred to as the
      2020 Amendments. The 2020 Amendments were made primarily to facilitate Ant Group’s then planned IPO on the Science and
      Technology Innovation Board of the Shanghai Stock Exchange and on the Main Board of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange.

      On July 25, 2022, we and Ant Group further amended the SAPA and the Alipay commercial agreement (such further amendments, the
      “2022 Amendments”), with certain amendments that took effect on August 13, 2022. The 2022 Amendments were made primarily to
      improve our ability to maximize our competitive advantage, enhance the economic benefit from our equity interest in Ant Group and
      help us better manage related party and other risks arising from changes in the regulatory and operational environment.

      Apart from the 2018, 2019, 2020 and 2022 amendments to our agreements with Ant Group described in this section, the key terms of
      our agreements with Ant Group and Alipay from the 2014 restructuring remain substantially unchanged.

                        Regulatory Unwind

      Prior to the 2020 Amendments, the SAPA as amended in 2018 and 2019, provided that, if a relevant governmental authority prohibits
      us from owning all or a portion of our equity interest in Ant Group after the equity issuance has occurred through enactment of a law,
      rule or regulation, or explicitly requires Ant Group to redeem this equity interest, and the prohibition or request is not subject to appeal
      and cannot otherwise be resolved, then to the extent necessary, Ant Group will redeem the equity interest; the related intellectual
      property and asset transfers, and ancillary transactions under the SAPA will be unwound; and the terms of the SAPA, the 2014 IPLA,
      and other related agreements will be restored, including the prior profit share payments under the 2014 IPLA and liquidity event
      payment (which would be payable to us in the event of a qualified IPO of Ant Group or Alipay, in an amount equal to 37.5% of the
      equity value of Ant Group as a whole, immediately prior to the qualified IPO). If there is a partial unwind where we retain a portion of
      our equity interest in Ant Group, but less than the full 33%, then pursuant to the terms of the SAPA and the 2014 IPLA, the prior
      profit share payment arrangement and liquidity event payment amount will be proportionately reduced based on the amount of equity
      interest retained by us. Pursuant to the 2020 Amendments, these provisions would terminate upon the completion of a qualified IPO of
      Ant Group. However, pursuant to the 2020 Amendments and the 2022 Amendments, if a qualified IPO of Ant Group has not been
      completed within the prescribed period of time, the foregoing rights will no longer be subject to termination upon the completion of a
      qualified IPO of Ant Group.

      In 2011, Jack Ma and Joe Tsai contributed 280,000,000 and 120,000,000 of our Shares, respectively, after having accounted for the
      Share Split, held by them to APN Ltd. (“APN”), a vehicle they established to hold these shares. Prior to June 2, 2022, the shares of
      APN, as well as the 400,000,000 Shares, after having accounted for the Share Split, held by APN, were pledged to us to secure certain
      obligations of Ant Group under the SAPA and the Alipay commercial agreement, as well as the direct liability of APN for up to
      US$500 million of the liquidity event payment if any liquidity event payment becomes due. On June 2, 2022, we agreed with Jack Ma,
      Joe Tsai and APN to terminate the pledges in relation to the shares of APN and the 400,000,000 Shares, in consideration of personal
      guarantees provided to us by Jack Ma and Joe Tsai in connection with Ant Group’s remaining contingent payment obligations to us.
      We believe this transaction reasonably reflects the reduction in Ant Group’s contingent payment obligations to us since 2011 when the
      pledges were first created, the valuation of which was conducted with help from an independent financial advisor, and the increased
      financial strength and creditworthiness of Ant Group.

                        Pre-emptive Rights

      Following our receipt of equity interest in Ant Group, we have pre-emptive rights to participate in other issuances of equity securities
      by Ant Group and certain of its affiliates prior to a qualified IPO of Ant Group. These pre-emptive rights entitle us to maintain the
      equity ownership percentage we hold in Ant Group immediately prior to any such issuances. In connection with our exercise of our
      pre-emptive rights we are also entitled to receive certain payments from Ant Group, effectively funding our subscription for these
      additional equity interests, up to a value of US$1.5 billion, subject to certain adjustments, or the pre-emptive rights funded payments.
      In addition to these pre-emptive rights and the pre-emptive rights funded payments, under the SAPA, in certain circumstances we are
      permitted to exercise pre-emptive rights through an alternative arrangement that will further protect us from dilution.




196   Alibaba Group Holding Limited
                                                 Major Shareholders and Related Party Transactions


                  Certain Restrictions on the Transfer of Ant Group Equity Interests

Under the SAPA, certain parties thereto, including us in some cases, are subject to restrictions on the transfer of equity interests in Ant
Group, including:

         •   following our receipt of the Issuance and until the earlier of the completion of a qualified IPO of Ant Group or the
             termination of the independent director rights provided in the SAPA, without the prior written consent of our company,
             none of Jack Ma, Joe Tsai (if he holds any equity interest at that time), Junao, Junhan or Ant Group may knowingly
             transfer any equity in Ant Group to a third-party who would thereby acquire more than 50% of the voting or economic
             rights in, or assets of, Ant Group; and

         •   following our receipt of the Issuance and until the completion of a qualified IPO of Ant Group, any transfer of equity
             interests in Ant Group by Junao or Junhan, on the one hand, or our company, on the other hand, will be subject to a right
             of first refusal by the other party.

                  Non-competition Undertakings

Under the SAPA, subject to certain limitations and unless both parties agree, Ant Group may not engage in any business conducted by
us from time to time or logical extensions thereof, and we are restricted from engaging in specified business activities within the scope
of business of Ant Group, including the provision and distribution of credit and insurance, the provision of investment management
and banking services, payment transaction processing and payment clearing services for third parties, leasing, lease financing and
related services, trading, dealing and brokerage with respect to foreign exchange and financial instruments, distribution of securities,
commodities, funds, derivatives and other financial products and the provision of credit ratings, credit profiles and credit reports. Each
party may, however, make passive investments in competing businesses below specified thresholds, in some cases after offering the
investment opportunity to the other party. The 2020 Amendments allow Ant Group to engage in the sale and placement of
advertisements by financial institutions solely in connection with financial services on publicly available mobile applications and end-
user interfaces majority-owned and operated by Ant Group, an activity that falls within the scope of our business but which Ant Group
is permitted to engage in as an exception to the non-compete provisions, subject to certain qualifications. Pursuant to the 2022
Amendments, we have agreed to expand Ant Group’s ability to engage in such sale and placement of advertisements on publicly
available mobile applications and end-user interfaces majority-owned and operated by Ant Group. We have also agreed to permit Ant
Group to provide technology services in facilitation of the operations of any payment or financial services business to financial
institutions and merchants using Ant Group’s payment services, except that Ant Group may not provide any IaaS-related cloud
services, and we are allowed to provide services and products relating to payment accounts outside of Chinese mainland that Ant
Group is unable to provide to us or our customers and to provide and distribute credit and insurance in cooperation with financial
services business operators to facilitate businesses on our platforms, among other things.

                  Corporate Governance Provisions

The SAPA provides that we and Ant Group will recommend one independent nominee who, subject to the vetting by the nomination
and remuneration committee of the board of Ant Group, to the extent required by such committee’s charter (subject to any
amendments required by any applicable law or requested by any applicable governmental authority), and subject further to the vetting
by applicable governmental authorities, as required by applicable law, will be nominated as a member of its board and serve on the
board’s Audit Committee, and Jack Ma, Joe Tsai (in case he holds any equity interest in Ant Group), Junhan and Junao will agree to
vote the equity interests in Ant Group controlled by them in favor of the nomination. We are not permitted to approve certain actions
to be taken under the SAPA and related agreements before we obtain the consent from the Independent Committee.

Upon the Issuance in September 2019, we nominated two of our officers who have been elected to the board of Ant Group pursuant to
our rights under the SAPA.

In each case, these director nomination rights will continue unless we cease to own a certain amount of our post-issuance equity
interests in Ant Group, or upon the completion of a qualified IPO of Ant Group, whichever is earlier.




                                                                                                         Fiscal Year 2025 Annual Report       197
      Major Shareholders and Related Party Transactions


                        Additional Alibaba Rights

      In addition to the rights discussed above, the SAPA, as amended in 2018 and 2019, provides us with certain other rights with respect
      to Ant Group. These include, among others:

               •   customary information rights;

               •   approval rights over certain Ant Group or Alipay actions;

               •   rights to ensure our ability to participate in any qualified IPO of Ant Group;

               •   approval rights (with the consent of the Independent Committee) over increases to the size of Ant Group board resulting
                   in the number of board seats exceeding a certain specific number; and

               •   approval rights (with the consent of the Independent Committee) over any Alipay IPO.

      Pursuant to the 2020 Amendments, the foregoing rights requiring the Independent Committee’s consent will terminate upon the
      completion of a qualified IPO of Ant Group. However, pursuant to the 2020 Amendments and the 2022 Amendments, if a qualified
      IPO of Ant Group has not been completed within the prescribed period of time, these rights will no longer be subject to termination
      upon the completion of a qualified IPO of Ant Group. For more information, see “— Termination of Alibaba Rights” below.

                        Termination of Alibaba Rights

      Under the SAPA, as amended in 2018 and 2019, certain of our rights with respect to Ant Group were terminated upon our receipt of
      the Issuance.

      In addition, the SAPA, as amended in 2018 and 2019, provides that, in connection with Ant Group or Alipay commencing an IPO
      process, we and Ant Group will discuss in good faith the amendment or termination of our rights to the extent necessary or advisable
      to achieve an efficient and successful IPO. Certain of our rights that would be incremental to the rights of other shareholders of Ant
      Group as of the consummation of the IPO (excluding, among other things, our information rights) will terminate if required by a
      relevant stock exchange or governmental authority, or if necessary to obtain a legal opinion in connection with the IPO application. If
      the IPO application is withdrawn or rejected by the relevant authorities, or if the IPO is not consummated within a certain period of
      time, then any of our rights that were terminated or amended in anticipation of the IPO will be restored.

      Pursuant to the 2020 Amendments, the following rights under the SAPA, as amended in 2018 and 2019, will terminate upon the
      completion of a qualified IPO of Ant Group:

               •   our rights to participate in any qualified IPO of Ant Group or Alipay;

               •   the Independent Committee’s approval rights over:

                   •    voluntary transfers of any equity securities of Alipay;

                   •    increases to the size of Ant Group board resulting in the number of board seats exceeding a certain number; and

                   •    any Alipay IPO.

      If the IPO of Ant Group has not been completed within the prescribed period of time, the foregoing Independent Committee’s
      approval rights will, pursuant to the 2020 Amendments and the 2022 Amendments, no longer be subject to termination upon the
      completion of a qualified IPO of Ant Group.




198   Alibaba Group Holding Limited
                                                Major Shareholders and Related Party Transactions


                  Alipay Commercial Agreement

Under the Alipay commercial agreement among us, Alipay and Ant Group, which agreement still remains in place following the 2014
restructuring and the 2018, 2019, 2020 and 2022 amendments to our agreements with Ant Group, each as described above, Alipay
provides payment processing and escrow services to us. These services enable settlement of transactions on our marketplaces through
a secure payment platform and escrow process. Given the significant transaction volume on our platforms, we pay Alipay a fee for
these services on terms that are preferential to us. These preferential terms enable us, with certain exceptions, to make available basic
payment processing and escrow services to consumers and merchants on our marketplaces free of charge. We believe that these
services provide us with a competitive advantage that otherwise would be diminished without the preferential terms of the Alipay
commercial agreement.

The fees that we pay Alipay are based on fee rates and actual payment volumes processed on our marketplaces. The fee rates reflect,
among other things, Alipay’s bank-processing costs and operating costs allocable to the services provided to us, and accordingly are
subject to adjustment on an annual basis to the extent these costs increase or decline. In connection with the 2014 restructuring, the
Alipay commercial agreement was amended to provide that a special independent committee, or the Independent Committee, must
approve the fee rates in advance on an annual basis. Currently, the Independent Committee consists of all of our independent directors.
The fee rates for the immediately preceding year remain in effect until such time as the annual approval by the Independent
Committee has been obtained. In fiscal years 2023, 2024 and 2025, service fees in connection with the payment services provided by
Alipay under this agreement amounted to RMB12,484 million, RMB13,164 million and RMB15,467 million (US$2,131 million),
respectively. The Alipay commercial agreement has an initial term of 50 years, and is automatically renewable for further periods of
50 years, subject to our right to terminate at any time upon one year’s prior written notice. Prior to the 2020 Amendments, if the
Alipay commercial agreement was required by applicable regulatory authorities, including under stock exchange listing rules, to be
modified in certain circumstances, a one-time payment may have been payable to us by Ant Group to compensate us for the impact of
the adjustment. Certain conforming amendments were made to the Alipay commercial agreement as part of the relevant amendments
to our agreements with Ant Group and Alipay described above. Pursuant to the 2020 Amendments, we no longer have the right to
receive such one-time payment. This change was made to facilitate the IPO of Ant Group. If the IPO of Ant Group is withdrawn or
rejected by governmental authority or is not completed within a certain period of time, the change will be unwound and our right will
be restored.

Pursuant to the 2022 Amendments, our right to such one-time payment will no longer be restored. We have considered the probability
of such one-time payment becoming payable, the changes in the regulatory and operational environment of our and Ant Group’s
businesses and the resultant uncertainty to the two businesses if Ant Group were to remain subject to the obligation to make such one-
time payment. We believe that an amendment to the Alipay commercial agreement to remove Ant Group’s obligation to pay such one-
time payment will ultimately enhance the economic benefit that we may receive from Ant Group as a result of our equity interest in
Ant Group and help us better manage related party and other risks arising from changes in the regulatory and operational environment.

Pursuant to the 2022 Amendments, from August 13, 2023, with respect to any payment processing and escrow services to be provided
by Ant Group to us outside of Chinese mainland, the fee rates and payment-related terms for such services are no longer governed by
the Alipay commercial agreement and are instead agreed upon between Ant Group and/or its affiliates and us separately.

         Alipay Intellectual Property License and Software Technology Services Agreement

                  2014 IPLA

Pursuant to the original 2011 framework agreement, we entered into the 2011 IPLA, pursuant to which we and our subsidiaries
licensed to Alipay certain intellectual property rights and provided various software technology services to Alipay and its subsidiaries.
In August 2014, we entered into the 2014 IPLA.

Under the 2011 IPLA, Alipay paid us a royalty and software technology services fee equal to the sum of an expense reimbursement
plus a share of the consolidated pre-tax income of Alipay and its subsidiaries until a liquidity event of Alipay or Ant Group. The
calculation of the profit share percentage was subject to downward adjustments upon certain dilutive equity issuances by Alipay or
Ant Group. Under the 2014 IPLA, we received, in addition to a software technology service fee, royalty streams related to Alipay and
other current and future businesses of Ant Group, which we refer to collectively as the profit share payments. The profit share
payments were paid at least annually and equal the sum of an expense reimbursement plus a share of the consolidated pre-tax income
of Ant Group (subject to certain adjustments), including not only Alipay but all of Ant Group’s subsidiaries.

Upon our receipt of the Issuance in September 2019, we entered into the Amended IPLA and terminated the 2014 IPLA, and
accordingly, the profit share payment arrangement under the 2014 IPLA automatically terminated.




                                                                                                        Fiscal Year 2025 Annual Report      199
      Major Shareholders and Related Party Transactions


                        Amended IPLA

      Pursuant to the SAPA, as amended in 2018 and 2019, we, Ant Group and Alipay entered into the Amended IPLA upon our receipt of
      the Issuance, at which time we also transferred certain intellectual property and assets to Ant Group and its subsidiaries and the profit
      share payment arrangement was terminated, as described in “— Restructuring of Our Relationship with Ant Group and Alipay; 2019
      Equity Issuance, and Related Amendments” above.

      While the profit share payments have terminated under the Amended IPLA, Ant Group may in certain circumstances continue to make
      certain royalty payments to us (as agreed to by Ant Group and the Independent Committee), which may be used as pre-emptive rights
      funded payments under the SAPA, as described in “— Pre-emptive Rights” above.

      Additionally, pursuant to the Amended IPLA, Ant Group and its subsidiaries will receive expanded rights to apply for, register and
      manage certain intellectual property related to their businesses, subject to certain continuing restrictions and our rights, and we will
      cease to provide certain software technology services to Ant Group and its subsidiaries.

      The Amended IPLA will terminate upon the earliest of:

               •    the full payment of all pre-emptive rights funded payments under the SAPA;

               •    the closing of a qualified IPO of Ant Group or Alipay; and

               •    our transfer to Ant Group of any remaining intellectual property we own that is exclusively related to the business of Ant
                    Group.

               Other Ancillary Agreements

                        SME Loan Cooperation Framework Agreement

      We and Ant Group entered into a SME loan cooperation framework agreement in August 2014, pursuant to which each party agreed
      to cooperate with, and provide certain services with respect to, the other party’s enforcement of certain rights of the other party against
      users of its platforms and services and with respect to the provision of certain financial services to our customers and merchants. In
      particular, we agreed, upon Ant Group’s request, to close down or suspend online storefronts and restrict marketing activities on our
      platforms of persons defaulting on loans made by Ant Group and persons in violation of Alipay rules and regulations, and to publish
      notices on our platforms and provide information regarding these persons, in each case in a manner to be further agreed upon from
      time to time. Ant Group agreed, upon our request, to make loans and/or extensions of credit and related financial services available to
      our users, freeze and pay over to us funds in accounts of users violating our rules and regulations or agreements with us, accelerate
      loans and terminate credit facilities of these users, restrict marketing activities on its platforms by these users, and provide information
      regarding these users, in each case in a manner to be further agreed upon from time to time. Neither party is required to pay any fees in
      consideration for the services provided by the other party, and apart from the provision of these services, there will be no other
      exchange of value in connection with this agreement. The cooperation agreement has an initial term of five years, with automatic
      renewals upon expiry for additional five-year periods.

      From time to time, we expect to enter into similar commercial arrangements with respect to cooperation matters and the provision of
      services between us and Ant Group and to our respective customers.

                        Trademark Agreement

      We and Ant Group entered into a trademark agreement in August 2014, pursuant to which we granted Ant Group a non-transferable,
      non-assignable and non-sublicensable (except to its subsidiaries) license for it and its sublicensed subsidiaries to continue to use
      certain trademarks and domain names based on trademarks owned by us, in connection with their payment services business and the
      SME loan business transferred by us to them, and in the same manner of use as in August 2014, and a non-transferable, non-
      assignable and non-sublicensable (except to its subsidiaries) license to use other trademarks and domain names based on trademarks
      owned by us, and in that manner, as we may agree to allow in the future. Pursuant to the trademark agreement, each of the parties
      further agreed to the rights and limitations that each would have to use the “Ali” name or prefix and the “e-commerce” (and its
      Chinese equivalent) name, prefix or logo as part of a trademark or domain name in each party’s and its subsidiaries’ respective
      businesses. Neither party is required to pay any fees under this agreement, and, apart from the licenses and rights set forth in the
      agreement, there will be no other exchange of value in connection with this agreement. Pursuant to the SAPA, following our receipt of
      the Issuance, we transferred and are in the process of transferring to Ant Group ownership of several of the trademarks and domain
      names licensed by us to Ant Group. However, the trademark agreement will remain in effect in accordance with its terms following
      the transaction to provide for a continued license of other trademarks that we will continue to own.




200   Alibaba Group Holding Limited
                                                Major Shareholders and Related Party Transactions


                  Shared Services Agreement and Other Commercial Arrangements with Ant Group

We and Ant Group entered into a shared services agreement, which was amended and restated in August 2020 in connection with the
2020 Amendments to the SAPA. Pursuant to the shared services agreement, we and Ant Group provide certain administrative and
support services to each other and our respective affiliates. We also provide Ant Group and its affiliates with cloud computing
services, marketplace software technology services and other services. See “— Commercial Arrangements with Investees and Ant
Group and Its Affiliates.”

         Agreements Entered into in 2020

                  Arrangements to Acquire Further Shares in an IPO of Ant Group

In 2020, we entered into certain agreements with Ant Group, pursuant to which we may subscribe for additional shares in Ant Group
as part of an IPO of Ant Group, such that we may continue to hold an equity interest not exceeding 33% in Ant Group upon the
completion of such IPO of Ant Group.

                  Documents to Implement Transfers of IP Contemplated by SAPA

In connection with the 2020 Amendments, we entered into a number of agreements pursuant to which we transferred to Ant Group
certain intellectual property exclusively relating to the business of Ant Group in connection with the IPO of Ant Group, which
transfers were contemplated by the SAPA, as amended in 2018 and 2019. Ant Group would be required to transfer such intellectual
property back to us if the IPO of Ant Group is not completed within a certain period of time. Pursuant to the 2022 Amendments,
having considered the relevant insignificance of such intellectual property to us and the uncertainties associated with any such
requirements to transfer such intellectual property back to us in light of the regulatory and operational changes, we agreed that Ant
Group would no longer be required to transfer such intellectual property to us regardless of whether the IPO of Ant Group is
completed.

         Investments Involving Ant Group

We have invested in businesses in which Ant Group is a shareholder or co-invested with Ant Group in other businesses.

         Share-based Award Arrangements

Prior to 2023, certain of our employees were granted share-based awards by Junhan and Ant Group, and certain employees of Ant
Group were granted share-based awards by us. These awards are settled by respective grantors upon disposal of these awards by the
holders, vesting or exercise of these awards, depending on the forms of these awards. In addition, Junhan and Ant Group have the
right to repurchase the vested awards (or any underlying equity for the settlement of the vested awards) granted by them, as
applicable, from the holders upon an initial public offering of Ant Group or the termination of the holders’ employment with us at a
price to be determined based on the then fair market value of Ant Group.

Starting from April 2020, the parties agreed to settle with each other the cost associated with certain share-based awards granted to
each other’s employees upon vesting. The settlement amounts under this arrangement depend on the values of Ant Group share-based
awards granted to our employees and our share-based awards granted to employees of Ant Group. It is expected that the settlement
amounts are insignificant to us.




                                                                                                      Fiscal Year 2025 Annual Report    201
      Major Shareholders and Related Party Transactions


      Transactions with Entities Affiliated with Our Directors and Officers

      Joe Tsai, our chairman, has purchased his own aircraft for both business and personal use. He has waived any leasing fees for the use
      of such aircraft in connection with the performance of his duties as our chairman, and we have agreed to assume the cost of
      maintenance, crew and operation of the aircraft where the cost is allocated for business purposes.

      Eddie Wu, our director and chief executive officer, is the founding partner of Vision Plus Capital, a venture capital firm that has focused
      since 2015 on investing in the areas of advanced technology, enterprise services and digital healthcare. He currently holds interests in
      the general partners of a number of funds of Vision Plus Capital and certain management companies of Vision Plus Capital. He has also
      committed, or is expected to commit funds, to the general partners or as limited partners of certain funds of Vision Plus Capital. We
      refer to these funds collectively as Vision Plus Capital Funds. We have invested in certain Vision Plus Capital Funds, with a total
      commitment of approximately US$170 million and RMB500 million. We believe that Vision Plus Capital will assist us in identifying a
      range of strategic investment opportunities through its professional capabilities, knowledge base and extensive China private equity
      network. Consequently, Vision Plus Capital Funds have from time to time co-invested with us and third parties. Vision Plus Capital
      Funds focus on hard-tech, industrial intelligent manufacturing, industrial digitization and intelligence, healthcare technology, cross-
      border expansion, and other fields, and have made investments in over 150 companies. Pursuant to Rule 8.10 of the Hong Kong Listing
      Rules, among the companies that the Vision Plus Capital Funds has invested in as a substantial shareholder (as defined in the Hong
      Kong Listing Rules) is Dora Inc., which operates a Middle East focused e-commerce platform. Such investment is a financial investment
      and neither Eddie Wu nor Vision Plus Capital is involved in the day to day operations of Dora Inc. Save as disclosed, we believe that
      Eddie Wu's interests in Vision Plus Capital Funds do not result in any material competition with our core businesses. In addition, we
      have also invested in other portfolio companies of which Vision Plus Capital Funds are shareholders.

      Relationship with Investment Funds Affiliated with Jack Ma
      Jack Ma currently holds minority interests in the general partners of a number of Yunfeng investment funds that were established prior
      to his retirement from our company in 2020. We refer to these funds collectively as the Yunfeng Funds. He also holds minority
      interests in certain investment advisor entities of certain Yunfeng Funds. In addition, Jack Ma and his family also hold economic
      interests in certain Yunfeng Funds as limited partners. We have entered into investment transactions together with the Yunfeng Funds.
      We believe that, through its expertise, knowledge base and extensive network of contacts in private equity in China, Yunfeng will
      assist us in developing a range of relevant strategic investment opportunities.

      Jack Ma has either non-voting interests or has waived the exercise of his voting power with respect to his interests in each of the
      investment advisor entities and the managing entities of the Yunfeng Funds. He has agreed to donate certain economic benefits with
      respect to the general partners and investment advisor entities of the Yunfeng Funds to, or for the benefit of, the Alibaba Group
      Charitable Fund or other entities identified by Jack Ma that serve charitable purposes.

      Other Transactions with Investees

      We have extended loans to certain of our investees for working capital and other uses in conjunction with our investments. As of
      March 31, 2025, the aggregate outstanding balance of these loans was RMB1,771 million (US$244 million), with remaining terms of
      up to five years and interest rates of up to 10% per annum.

      We have agreed to provide a guarantee for a credit facility of HK$7.7 billion (US$1.0 billion) in favor of Hong Kong Cingleot
      Investment Management Limited, a company that is partially owned by us, in connection with a logistic center development project at
      the Hong Kong International Airport. In May 2024, the loan facility was modified to a revolving loan facility and the facility amount
      was reduced to HK$6.5 billion (US$0.8 billion). As of March 31, 2025, HK$5.1 billion (US$0.7 billion) was drawn down by that
      entity under this facility. Moreover, we provide a partial guarantee for the continuing obligations of this entity to the Airport Authority
      and may be required to fulfil the relevant obligations of this entity in the event of its default.

      Also, we co-invested and may from time to time co-invest with certain of our investees in other businesses.

      Other than the transactions disclosed above, we also have commercial arrangements with certain of our investees and other related
      parties in which:

               •   we recorded cost and expenses paid to investees for cloud computing services, content acquisition, purchase of inventory
                   and various other services; and

               •   we recorded income generated from investees for providing marketing, commission and other services.

      The amounts relating to these services provided and received represent less than 1% of our revenue and total costs and expenses,
      respectively, for the years ended March 31, 2023, 2024 and 2025.




202   Alibaba Group Holding Limited
                                                Major Shareholders and Related Party Transactions


Contractual Arrangements among Our Subsidiaries, the Variable Interest Entities and Variable Interest
Entity Equity Holders

Chinese law restricts foreign ownership in enterprises that provide value-added telecommunications services, which includes the ICPs.
As a result, we operate our Internet businesses and other businesses in which foreign investment is restricted or prohibited in China
through contractual arrangements between our relevant subsidiaries, the variable interest entities, which, where applicable, hold the
ICP licenses and other regulated licenses and generally operate our Internet businesses and other businesses in which foreign
investment is restricted or prohibited, and the variable interest entity equity holders. For a description of these contractual
arrangements, see “Business Overview — Organizational Structure — Contractual Arrangements among Our Subsidiaries, the
Variable Interest Entities and Variable Interest Entity Equity Holders.”

Indemnification Agreements

We have entered into indemnification agreements with our directors and executive officers. These agreements require us to indemnify
these individuals, to the fullest extent permitted by law, for certain liabilities to which they may become subject as a result of their
affiliation with us.

Employment Agreements

See “Directors, Senior Management and Employees — Compensation — Employment Agreements.”

Share Options

See “Directors, Senior Management and Employees — Compensation — Equity Incentive Plans.”




                                                                                                       Fiscal Year 2025 Annual Report      203
      Directors’ Report

      We are pleased to present this directors’ report together with our consolidated financial statements for the fiscal year ended March 31,
      2025.


      Directors
      Our directors who held office during the reporting period and up to the date of this annual report are:

      Directors

      Mr. Joseph C. TSAI (Chairman)
      Mr. Eddie Yongming WU (Chief Executive Officer)
      Mr. J. Michael EVANS
      Ms. Maggie Wei WU

      Independent Directors

      Mr. Jerry YANG
      Ms. Wan Ling MARTELLO
      Mr. Weijian SHAN
      Ms. Irene Yun-Lien LEE
      Mr. Albert Kong Ping NG
      Mr. Kabir MISRA

      For biographical details of our directors, please see “Directors, Senior Management and Employees – Directors and Senior Management
      – Biographical Information.”


      Principal Activities
      Our Company is a holding company and conducts its businesses primarily through its subsidiaries. We provide the technology
      infrastructure and marketing reach to help merchants, brands, retailers and other businesses to leverage the power of new technology to
      engage with their users and customers and operate in a more efficient way. For details of our principal activities during the reporting
      period, please see note 1 to our consolidated financial statements included in this annual report.


      Business Review
      A business review of our Company, including a fair review of our business, particulars of important events affecting us that have
      occurred since the end of the fiscal year, an indication of likely future developments in our business, an analysis of our financial
      performance and our key relationships with our stakeholders who have a significant impact on us and on which our success depends, is
      set out in “Business Overview” and “Management Discussion and Analysis.” These discussions form part of this directors’ report.


      Principal Risks and Uncertainties
      Our business is subject to a number of risks, including risks that may prevent us from achieving our business objectives or may adversely
      affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flow, and prospects. For further details of risks and uncertainties
      facing our Company, please see “Risk Factors.”


      Environmental Policies and Performance
      For details of our environmental policies and performance, please see our environmental, social and governance report for the year
      ended March 31, 2025.




204   Alibaba Group Holding Limited
                                                                                                           Directors’ Report



Compliance with Relevant Laws and Regulations
We believe that we are compliant in all material respects with relevant laws and regulations that have a significant impact on our
operations during the reporting period. For further details of risks and uncertainties facing our Company, please see “Risk Factors.”


Connected Transactions
During the period from the Primary Conversion Effective Date to March 31, 2025, the Company had complied with the requirements
specified under Chapter 14A of the Hong Kong Listing Rules in respect of its continuing connected transactions.

As discussed in “Business Overview — Organizational Structure — VIE Structure,” we operate a number of businesses through
contractual arrangements with VIEs due to, among other things, legal restrictions on foreign ownership and investment in certain
industries in China. Such contractual arrangements constitute continuing connected transactions of our Company under the Hong Kong
Listing Rules.

The following table sets forth details of our representatives VIEs and their respective equity holders as of March 31, 2025:

 Name of VIE                            Registered owner(s)                           Registered            Principal activities
                                                                                      capital
 Zhejiang Tmall Network Co., Ltd.       Hangzhou Zhenxi Investment                    RMB 10,000,000        Involved in the operation
 浙江天貓網絡有限公司                             Management                                                          of Tmall
                                        Co., Ltd.
                                        杭州臻希投資管理有限公司

 Zhejiang Taobao Network Co., Ltd.      Hangzhou Zhenxi Investment                    RMB 65,000,000        Involved in the operation
 浙江淘寶網絡有限公司                             Management Co., Ltd.                                                of Taobao
                                        杭州臻希投資管理有限公司

 Alibaba Cloud Computing Ltd.           Hangzhou Zhenxi Investment                    RMB                   Involved in the operation
 阿里雲計算有限公司                              Management Co., Ltd. (99%)                    1,010,101,010.1       of Cloud Intelligence
                                        杭州臻希投資管理有限公司                                                        Group

                                        Hangzhou Yunyi Network Technology
                                        Co., Ltd. (1%)
                                        杭州芸怡網絡科技有限公司

 Hujing Culture Entertainment           Hangzhou Baoxuan Investment                   RMB 167,575,758       Involved in the operation
 (Beijing) Co., Ltd.                    Management Co., Ltd.                                                of Hujing Digital Media
 虎鯨文化娛樂 (北京) 有限公司                       杭州寶軒投資管理有限公司                                                        and Entertainment Group

 Shanghai Rajax Information             Hangzhou Alibaba Venture Capital              RMB 10,000,000        Involved in the operation
 Technology Co., Ltd.                   Management Co., Ltd.                                                of Local Services Group
 上海拉扎斯信息科技有限公司                          杭州阿里巴巴創業投資管理有限公司


We hold the significant majority of assets and operations in our subsidiaries and the significant majority of our revenue is captured
directly by our subsidiaries. Please see “Management Discussion and Analysis - Variable Interest Entity Financial Information” and
note 2(c) to our consolidated financial statements for further information.

For details of the waivers we have obtained from the Hong Kong Stock Exchange relating to such contractual arrangements, please see
“Exemptions and Waivers — Hong Kong Listing Rules.”

During the period from the Primary Conversion Effective Date to March 31, 2025, save as disclosed in this sub-section, no related party
transaction disclosed in note 24 to our consolidated financial statements falls under the definition of “connected transaction” or
“continuing connected transaction” in Chapter 14A of the Hong Kong Listing Rules for which disclosure is required.




                                                                                                        Fiscal Year 2025 Annual Report    205
      Directors’ Report



      Major Customers and Major Suppliers
      During the fiscal year ended March 31, 2025, less than 30% of our total revenue was generated from our five largest customers combined
      and less than 30% of our total cost of revenue and operating expenses was made from the five largest suppliers combined.


      Pre-Emptive Rights
      There are no provisions for pre-emptive rights under the laws of the Cayman Islands which would oblige our Company to offer new
      Shares on a pro-rata basis to the existing shareholders.


      Sufficiency of Public Float
      Based on information that is publicly available to us and within the best knowledge of our directors as of the date of the annual report,
      our Company had maintained the prescribed percentage of public float under the Hong Kong Listing Rules during the reporting period.


      Donations
      During the reporting period, we made charitable donations amounting to approximately RMB1,236 million (US$170 million).


      Debenture Issued
      Save as disclosed in the section titled “Other Information for Shareholders — Use of Proceeds from the Notes Offering” in this annual
      report, no other debenture was issued by us during the reporting period.


      Equity-Linked Agreements
      Save as disclosed in the sections titled “Directors, Senior Management and Employees – Equity Incentive Plans” and “Other
      Information for Shareholders – Use of Proceeds from the Notes Offering” in this annual report, no equity-linked agreement was
      entered into by us or existed during the reporting period.


      Dividend
      Save as disclosed in the section titled “Other Information for Shareholders — Dividend Policy” in this annual report, no other dividend
      was declared by us during the reporting period.


      Permitted Indemnity
      A permitted indemnity provision for the benefit of the directors is currently in force and was in force throughout the reporting period.
      The Company has taken out and maintained appropriate insurance coverage in respect of potential legal actions against the directors and
      officers of the Company.


      Distributable Reserves
      As of March 31, 2025, our Company’s distributable reserves were RMB438,489 million (US$60,425 million).


      Gearing Ratio
      Our total debt to net income ratio was 2.39 and 1.83 as at March 31, 2024 and 2025, respectively. Our total debt to Adjusted EBITDA
      ratio, a non-GAAP measure we use to monitor our health and liquidity position, was 0.89 and 1.14 as at March 31, 2024 and 2025,
      respectively, which was calculated by dividing bank borrowings, unsecured senior notes and convertible unsecured senior notes by
      Adjusted EBITDA for the last twelve months. Reconciliation of net income to Adjusted EBITDA is included in “Management
      Discussion and Analysis — Non-GAAP Measures.”




206   Alibaba Group Holding Limited
                                                                                                            Directors’ Report




Directors’ Interests in Transactions, Arrangements or Contracts of
Significance
Save as disclosed in the sections titled “Business Overview – Organizational Structure – VIE Structure” and “Connected Transactions”
and note 24 to our consolidated financial statements, none of our directors or any entity connected with our directors had a material
interest, either directly or indirectly, in any transactions, arrangements or contracts of significance to which our Company or any of its
subsidiaries or their subsidiaries was a party subsisting during the reporting period.


Compensation of Directors and the Five Highest Paid Individuals
For details of the compensation of the directors and executive officers, please see “Directors, Senior Management and Employees –
Compensation.” For further details of the compensation of the directors and the five highest paid individuals, please see note 32 to our
consolidated financial statements included in this annual report.

None of our directors waived or agreed to waive any compensation and there were no emoluments paid by our Group to any of the
directors as an inducement to join, or upon joining our Group, as compensation for loss of office.


Management Contracts
No contract concerning the management and administration of the whole or any substantial part of the business of our Company was
entered into or existed during the reporting period.


Directors’ Rights to Acquire Shares or Debentures
Save as disclosed in the section titled “Major Shareholders and Related Party Transactions – Disclosure of Interests – Directors and
Chief Executive Officer”, at no time during the reporting period was our Company or any of its subsidiaries a party to any arrangements
to enable our directors to acquire benefits by means of the acquisition of shares in, or debentures of, our Company or any of its
subsidiaries; and none of our directors, or any of their spouse or children under the age of 18, had any right to subscribe for equity or
debt securities of our Company or any other body corporate, or had exercised any such right.


Directors’ Competing Business
Save as disclosed in the section titled “Major Shareholders and Related Party Transactions — Related Party Transactions”, each of our
directors confirms that, as of the date of the annual report, he or she did not have any interest in a business which competes or is likely
to compete, directly or indirectly, with our business, and requires disclosure under Rule 8.10 of the Hong Kong Listing Rules.


By order of the Board
Alibaba Group Holding Limited
Joseph C. TSAI
Chairman

Hong Kong
June 26, 2025




                                                                                                        Fiscal Year 2025 Annual Report        207
      Other Information for Shareholders

      Listing Venues
      Our ADSs have been listed on the NYSE since September 19, 2014 under the symbol “BABA.” Each ADS represents eight Shares.
      Our Shares have been listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange since November 26, 2019 under the stock code “9988.” On August
      28, 2024, we completed the voluntary conversion of our secondary listing status to a primary listing status on the Hong Kong Stock
      Exchange, and became a dual-primary listed company on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange and the NYSE. Our ADSs and Shares listed
      in Hong Kong are easily convertible. Please see “Description of Securities and Conversion — Conversion between ADSs and Shares”
      for more details on the conversion procedures.

      Description of Securities and Conversion
      American Depositary Shares

                Fees Paid by Our ADS Holders

      As an ADS holder, you will be required to pay the following service fees to the depositary, Citibank, N.A.:

      Persons depositing or withdrawing
      shares or ADS holders must pay:                                                                                     For:
      Up to US$5.00 per 100 ADSs (or fraction thereof) ................................ •   Issuance of ADSs upon deposit of Shares (excluding issuances as a
                                                                                            result of distributions of ADSs pursuant to (i) stock dividends or
                                                                                            other free stock distributions, or (ii) exercise of rights to purchase
                                                                                            additional ADSs).
                                                                                       •    Delivery of Shares against surrender of ADSs.
                                                                                       •    Distribution of cash dividends or other cash distributions.
                                                                                       •    Distribution of ADSs pursuant to (i) stock dividends or other free
                                                                                            stock distributions, or (ii) exercise of rights to purchase additional
                                                                                            ADSs.
                                                                                       •    Distribution of securities other than ADSs or rights to purchase
                                                                                            additional ADSs.
      Up to US$5.00 per 100 ADSs (or fraction thereof) per calendar year ...... •           ADS services

      As an ADS holder you will also be responsible to pay certain fees and expenses incurred by the depositary and certain taxes and
      governmental charges such as:

                •    taxes (including applicable interest and penalties) and other governmental charges;

                •    fees for the transfer and registration of Shares charged by the registrar and transfer agent for the Shares in the Cayman
                     Islands (i.e., upon deposit and withdrawal of Shares);

                •    expenses incurred for converting foreign currency into U.S. dollars;

                •    expenses for cable, telex and fax transmissions and for delivery of securities;

                •    fees and expenses as are incurred by the depositary in connection with compliance with applicable exchange control
                     regulations;

                •    cable, telex and facsimile transmission and delivery expenses as expressly provided in the Deposit Agreement; and

                •    fees and expenses incurred in connection with the delivery or servicing of Shares on deposit.

      Depositary fees payable upon the issuance and cancellation of ADSs are typically paid to the depositary bank by the brokers (on
      behalf of their clients) receiving the newly issued ADSs from the depositary bank and by the brokers (on behalf of their clients)
      delivering the ADSs to the depositary bank for cancellation. The brokers in turn charge these fees to their clients. Depositary fees
      payable in connection with distributions of cash or securities to ADS holders and the depositary services fee are charged by the
      depositary bank to the holders of record of ADSs as of the applicable ADS record date.




208   Alibaba Group Holding Limited
                                                                             Other Information for Shareholders


The Depositary fees payable for cash distributions are generally deducted from the cash being distributed. In the case of distributions
other than cash (e.g., stock dividend, rights), the depositary bank charges the applicable fee to the ADS record date holders concurrent
with the distribution. In the case of ADSs registered in the name of the investor (whether certificated or uncertificated in direct
registration), the depositary bank sends invoices to the applicable record date ADS holders. In the case of ADSs held in brokerage and
custodian accounts (via DTC), the depositary bank generally collects its fees through the systems provided by DTC (whose nominee is
the registered holder of the ADSs held in DTC) from the brokers and custodians holding ADSs in their DTC accounts. The brokers
and custodians who hold their clients’ ADSs in DTC accounts in turn charge their clients’ accounts the amount of the fees paid to the
depositary banks.

In the event of refusal to pay the depositary fees, the depositary bank may, under the terms of the Deposit Agreement, refuse the
requested service until payment is received or may set off the amount of the depositary fees from any distribution to be made to the
ADS holder.

Note that the fees and charges you may be required to pay may vary over time and may be changed by us and by the depositary. You
will receive prior notice of these changes.

         Fees and Payments from the Depositary to Us

Our depositary has agreed to share with us certain fees payable to the depositary by holders of ADSs. For fiscal year 2025, the
depositary shared with us US$28 million, after deduction of applicable U.S. taxes.

Conversion between ADSs and Shares

         Conversion between Shares Trading in Hong Kong and ADSs

In connection with the listing of our Shares on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, we have established a branch register of members in
Hong Kong, or the Hong Kong share register, which is maintained by our Hong Kong Share Registrar, Computershare Hong Kong
Investor Services Limited. Our principal register of members, or the Cayman share register, is maintained by our Principal Share
Registrar.

As described in further detail below, holders of Shares registered on the Hong Kong share register are able to convert these Shares into
ADSs, and vice versa. To facilitate fungibility and conversion between ADSs and Shares and trading between the NYSE and the Hong
Kong Stock Exchange, we moved a portion of our issued Shares that are represented by ADSs from our Cayman share register to our
Hong Kong share register.

         Our ADSs

Our ADSs are traded on the NYSE. Dealings in our ADSs on the NYSE are conducted in U.S. Dollars.

ADSs may be held either:

         •   directly, by having a certificated ADS, or an American Depositary Receipt, or ADR, registered in the holder’s name, or
             by holding in the direct registration system, pursuant to which the depositary may register the ownership of
             uncertificated ADSs, which ownership shall be evidenced by periodic statements issued by the depositary to the ADS
             holders entitled thereto; or

         •   indirectly, through the holder’s broker or other financial institution.

The depositary for our ADSs is Citibank, N.A., whose office is located at 388 Greenwich Street, New York, New York 10013, United
States. The depositary’s custodian in Hong Kong is Citibank, N.A. – Hong Kong branch, whose office is located at 9/F Citi Tower,
One Bay East, 83 Hoi Bun Road, Kwun Tong, Kowloon, Hong Kong.

         Converting Shares Trading in Hong Kong into ADSs

An investor who holds Shares registered in Hong Kong and who intends to convert them to ADSs to trade on the NYSE must deposit
or have his or her broker deposit the Shares with the depositary’s Hong Kong custodian, Citibank, N.A. – Hong Kong branch, or the
custodian, in exchange for ADSs.




                                                                                                      Fiscal Year 2025 Annual Report       209
      Other Information for Shareholders


      A deposit of Shares trading in Hong Kong in exchange for ADSs involves the following procedures:

              •    If Shares have been deposited with CCASS, the investor must transfer Shares to the depositary’s account with the
                   custodian within CCASS by following the CCASS procedures for transfer and submit and deliver a duly completed and
                   signed conversion form to the depositary (hkadroperations@citi.com) via his or her broker.

              •    If Shares are held outside CCASS, the investor must arrange to deposit his or her Shares into CCASS for delivery to the
                   depositary’s account with the custodian within CCASS, submit and deliver a request for conversion form to the
                   custodian and after duly completing and signing such conversion form, deliver such conversion form to the custodian.

              •    Upon payment of its fees and expenses and of any taxes or charges, such as stamp taxes or stock transfer taxes or fees, if
                   applicable, the depositary will issue the corresponding number of ADSs in the name(s) requested by an investor and will
                   deliver the ADSs to the designated DTC account of the person(s) designated by an investor or his or her broker.

              •    The investor (or one of its agents) must deliver a certification to the depositary that (i) the shareholder is not the
                   company or an affiliate of the company, or acting on behalf of the company or one of its affiliates, (ii) the deposited
                   shares are not “restricted securities” (as defined in the Deposit Agreement), and (iii) the deposited shares were acquired
                   in either (a) an open market transaction executed on, or in a “direct business” transaction between a broker and its client
                   reported to, the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, (b) a transaction registered with the SEC under the U.S. Securities Act, or
                   (c) a transaction exempt from registration with the SEC (and the applicable restricted period or distribution compliance
                   period has elapsed).

      For Shares deposited in CCASS, under normal circumstances, the above steps generally require two business days. For Shares held
      outside CCASS in physical form, the above steps may take 14 business days, or more, to complete. Temporary delays may arise. For
      example, the transfer books of the depositary may from time to time be closed to ADS issuances. The investor will be unable to trade
      the ADSs until the procedures are completed.

              Converting ADSs to Shares Trading in Hong Kong

      An investor who holds ADSs and who intends to convert his or her ADSs into Shares to trade on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange
      must cancel the ADSs the investor holds and withdraw Shares from our ADS program and cause his or her broker or other financial
      institution to trade such Shares on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange.

      An investor that holds ADSs indirectly through a broker should follow the broker’s procedure and instruct the broker to arrange for
      cancelation of the ADSs, and transfer of the underlying Shares from Citibank’s account on the CCASS system to the investor’s Hong
      Kong stock account. The broker, upon receiving instructions from its client, should surrender the ADSs to Citibank and said
      instructions to Citibank (drcerts@citi.com / citiadr@citi.com / drbrokerservices@citi.com) to cancel the ADSs with share delivery
      instructions in CCASS.

      For investors holding ADSs directly, the following steps must be taken:

              •    To withdraw Shares from our ADS program, an investor who holds ADSs may turn in such ADSs at the office of the
                   depositary (and the applicable ADR(s) if the ADSs are held in certificated form), and send an instruction to cancel such
                   ADSs to the depositary.

              •    Upon payment or net of its fees and expenses and of any taxes or charges, such as stamp taxes or stock transfer taxes or
                   fees, if applicable, the depositary will instruct the custodian to deliver Shares underlying the canceled ADSs to the
                   CCASS account designated by an investor.

              •    If an investor prefers to receive Shares outside CCASS, he or she must receive Shares in CCASS first and then arrange
                   for withdrawal from CCASS. Investors can then obtain a transfer form signed by HKSCC Nominees Limited (as the
                   transferor) and register Shares in their own names with the Hong Kong Share Registrar.

      For Shares to be received in CCASS, under normal circumstances, the above steps generally require two business days. For Shares to
      be received outside CCASS in physical form, the above steps may take 14 business days, or more, to complete. The investor will be
      unable to trade the Shares on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange until the procedures are completed.

      Temporary delays may arise. For example, the transfer books of the depositary may from time to time be closed to ADS cancellations.
      In addition, completion of the above steps and procedures is subject to there being a sufficient number of Shares on the Hong Kong




210   Alibaba Group Holding Limited
                                                                           Other Information for Shareholders


share register to facilitate a withdrawal from the ADS program directly into the CCASS system. We are not under any obligation to
maintain or increase the number of Shares on the Hong Kong share register to facilitate such withdrawals.

         Depositary Requirements

Before the depositary issues ADSs or permits withdrawal of Shares, the depositary may require:

         •   production of satisfactory proof of the identity and genuineness of any signature or other information it deems necessary;
             and

         •   compliance with procedures it may establish, from time to time, consistent with the Deposit Agreement, including
             presentation of transfer documents.

The depositary may refuse to deliver, transfer, or register issuances, transfers and cancelations of ADSs generally when the transfer
books of the depositary or our Hong Kong Share Registrar are closed or at any time if the depositary or we determine it advisable to
do so or it would violate any applicable law or the depositary’s policies or procedures.

All costs attributable to the transfer of Shares to effect a withdrawal from or deposit of Shares into our ADS program will be borne by
the investor requesting the transfer. In particular, holders of Shares and ADSs should note that the Hong Kong Share Registrar will
charge HK$2.50 (or such higher fee as may from time to time be permitted under the Hong Kong Listing Rules), for each transfer of
Shares from one registered owner to another, each share certificate canceled or issued by it and any applicable fee as stated in the
share transfer forms used in Hong Kong. In addition, holders of Shares and ADSs must pay US$5.00 (or less) per 100 ADSs for each
issuance of ADSs and for each cancelation of ADSs, as the case may be, in connection with the deposit of Shares into, or withdrawal
of Shares from, our ADS program.




                                                                                                      Fiscal Year 2025 Annual Report      211
      Other Information for Shareholders



      Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers
      In May 2019, our board of directors authorized a share repurchase program, which has been upsized a number of times since then.
      Most recently in November 2022, our board of directors authorized an upsize of our share repurchase program from US$25.0 billion
      to US$40.0 billion, which is effective through the end of March 2025. In February 2024, our board of directors authorized a further
      increase of US$25.0 billion to our share repurchase program through the end of March 2027.

      During the year ended March 31, 2025, as part of our share repurchase program initiative, we repurchased a total of 1,078 million Shares
      on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange and the NYSE for an aggregate consideration of US$10.7 billion.

      Details of the Shares repurchased on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange are as follows:

                                                                                                                            Aggregate
          Month of                            Number of Shares     Highest price paid       Lowest price paid       consideration paid
          repurchase                              repurchased                  (HK$)                   (HK$)         (HK$, in millions)
          April 2024                                96,690,300                  75.40                   65.85                    6,786
          May 2024                                  41,430,000                  85.85                   73.45                    3,261
          June 2024                                 68,863,600                  77.45                   70.55                    5,018
          July 2024                                 92,633,600                  77.95                   69.90                    6,875
          August 2024                               43,526,100                  80.55                   72.85                    3,354
          Total                                    343,143,600                                                                  25,294

      Details of the Shares repurchased on the NYSE are as follows:

                                              Number of Shares                                                               Aggregate
          Month of                            underlying ADSs      Highest price paid        Lowest price paid       consideration paid
          repurchase                            repurchased (1)                (US$)                    (US$)         (US$, in millions)
          April 2024                               119,222,792                   9.61                     8.56                    1,078
          May 2024                                  57,509,912                  11.30                     9.36                      580
          June 2024                                111,022,008                  10.00                     8.98                    1,059
          July 2024                                 96,566,976                  10.12                     9.00                      920
          August 2024                              101,855,904                  10.72                     9.24                    1,030
          September 2024                            79,554,616                  12.19                    10.04                      840
          October 2024                              11,759,376                  12.50                    11.94                      145
          November 2024                             54,593,728                  12.50                    10.33                      606
          December 2024                             52,621,624                  11.25                    10.25                      560
          January 2025                              39,373,032                  11.25                    10.04                      410
          February 2025                               1,758,560                 17.50                    16.28                       30
          March 2025                                  9,397,632                 17.50                    15.82                      159
          Total                                    735,236,160                                                                    7,417

      (1) Each ADS represents eight Shares.




212   Alibaba Group Holding Limited
                                                                             Other Information for Shareholders


We also repurchased 118,628,800 Shares at the price of US$10.10 per share, representing an aggregate consideration of approximately
US$1.2 billion, through privately negotiated transaction concurrently with the pricing of our convertible senior notes offering on May
23, 2024. Together with the repurchase of Shares on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange and the NYSE, our Company paid an aggregate
consideration of approximately US$11.9 billion during the year ended March 31, 2025.

The table below summarizes the repurchases we made in the periods indicated.

                                                                                                     Approximate Dollar Value of
                               Total Number of                                                         Shares that May Yet Be
                             Shares Purchased as                               Average Price           Purchased Under Share
                                Part of Share            Total Price Paid      Paid Per Share           Repurchase Program
  Month of repurchase        Repurchase Program         (US$, in millions)         (US$)                  (US$, in millions)
  April 2024                          215,913,092                    1,945                9.01                               30,003
  May 2024                            217,568,712                    2,195               10.09                               27,807
  June 2024                           179,885,608                    1,702                9.46                               26,105
  July 2024                           189,200,576                    1,800                9.51                               24,305
  August 2024                         145,382,004                    1,460               10.05                               22,845
  September 2024                        79,554,616                     840               10.56                               22,005
  October 2024                          11,759,376                     145               12.30                               21,861
  November 2024                         54,593,728                     606               11.10                               21,254
  December 2024                         52,621,624                     560               10.64                               20,694
  January 2025                          39,373,032                     410               10.41                               20,285
  February 2025                          1,758,560                      30               17.05                               20,255
  March 2025                             9,397,632                     159               16.87                               20,096


The remaining amount of board authorization for our share repurchase program, which is effective through March 2027, was US$20.1
billion as of March 31, 2025.

As of the date of this annual report, other than Shares transferred to a trust prior to the Primary Conversion Effective Date, all the
Shares repurchased during the year ended March 31, 2025 have been cancelled.

In addition, our equity incentive award agreements generally provide that, in the event of a grantee’s termination for cause (including
any commission of an act of fraud, dishonesty or ethical breach) or violation of a non-competition undertaking, we will have the right
to terminate grants, forfeit and cancel shares or, if applicable, repurchase the shares acquired by the grantee, generally at the original
purchase price or the exercise price paid for these shares.

Save as disclosed above, neither our Company nor any of its subsidiaries purchased, sold or redeemed any of our Company’s
securities listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange or the NYSE (including sale of treasury shares) during the year ended March 31,
2025. As of March 31, 2025, our Company did not hold any treasury shares as defined in the Hong Kong Listing Rules.




                                                                                                         Fiscal Year 2025 Annual Report      213
      Other Information for Shareholders



      Use of Proceeds from the Notes Offering
      May 2024 Notes Offering

      In May 2024, we completed a private offering (the “May 2024 Notes Offering”) of US$5 billion aggregate principal amount of 0.50%
      Convertible Senior Notes due 2031 (the “May 2024 Notes”). In connection with the May 2024 Notes Offering, we also entered into
      capped call transactions (the “Capped Call Transactions”) with certain financial institutions, using US$637.50 million of the net
      proceeds from the sale of the May 2024 Notes. The cap price of the Capped Call Transactions is initially US$161.60 (subject to
      certain adjustments), which represents a premium of 100% over the last reported sale price of US$80.80 per ADS on the NYSE on
      May 23, 2024, and is subject to adjustments similar to the adjustments on the conversion rate of the May 2024 Notes. The May 2024
      Notes have been offered to persons reasonably believed to be qualified institutional buyers pursuant to Rule 144A under the U.S.
      Securities Act and to certain non-U.S. persons in offshore transaction in reliance on Regulation S under the U.S. Securities Act.

      The Company intended to use the net proceeds from the May 2024 Notes Offering to (i) repurchase a number of its ADS pursuant to
      its existing share repurchase program, concurrently with the pricing of the May 2024 Notes Offering in privately negotiated
      transactions effected through one or more of the initial purchasers or their affiliates, as its agent (the “Concurrent Repurchase”); (ii)
      fund further share repurchases, from time to time, under the Company’s existing share repurchase program; and (iii) fund the costs of
      entering into the Capped Call Transactions.

      The May 2024 Notes will mature on June 1, 2031, unless earlier redeemed, repurchased or converted in accordance with their terms
      prior to such date. The May 2024 Notes will bear interest at a rate of 0.50% per year, payable in arrears on June 1 and December 1, of
      each year, beginning on December 1, 2024. Holders may convert all or any portion of the May 2024 Notes, in integral multiples of
      US$1,000 principal amount, at their option at any time prior to the close of business on the third scheduled trading day immediately
      preceding the maturity date. Upon conversion, we will pay or deliver, at our election and as the case may be, cash, ADSs, or a
      combination of cash and ADSs. Holders may elect to receive ordinary shares in lieu of any ADSs deliverable by our Company upon
      conversion.

      The initial conversion rate for the Notes is 9.5202 ADSs per US$1,000 principal amount of the May 2024 Notes, which is equivalent
      to an initial conversion price of approximately US$105.04 per ADS. The initial conversion price represents a premium of
      approximately 30% over the last reported sale price of US$80.80 per ADS on the NYSE on May 23, 2024. Following certain
      corporate events, including the payment of dividends, we may, in certain circumstances, increase the conversion rate which initially
      shall not exceed 12.3762 ADSs per US$1,000 principal amount of the May 2024 Notes.

      Most recently, as a result of the declaration of our dividend in May 2025 and pursuant to the terms and conditions of the May 2024
      Notes, (i) the conversion rate of the May 2024 Notes was adjusted from 9.7271 ADSs per US$1,000 principal amount of the May
      2024 Notes to 9.8915 ADSs per US$1,000 principal amount of the Notes, and (ii) the maximum conversion rate of the May 2024
      Notes (taking into account the make-whole adjustments in the event of certain corporate events) was adjusted from 12.6452 ADSs per
      US$1,000 principal amount of the Notes to 12.8589 ADSs per US$1,000 principal amount of the May 2024 Notes, with effect from
      June 12, 2025. Following the above adjustment, the maximum number of ordinary shares (including in the form of ADS) that we may
      issue upon full conversion of the May 2024 Notes (taking into account the make-whole adjustments in the event of certain corporate
      events) increased from 505,808,000 Shares to 514,360,000 Shares.

      For further details of the May 2024 Notes Offering, please see the announcements of our Company dated May 23, 2024, May 24,
      2024, May 30, 2024, August 15, 2024 and June 12, 2025.




214   Alibaba Group Holding Limited
                                                                          Other Information for Shareholders


The net proceeds raised from the May 2024 Notes Offering were used according to the intentions as disclosed in the announcement of
our Company dated May 23, 2024. As of March 31, 2025, there were no unutilized proceeds. A summary of the utilization of the net
proceeds from the May 2024 Notes Offering as of March 31, 2025 is as follows:

                                                                                     Amount of net
                                                        Net proceeds from
                                                                                   proceeds utilized         Actual use of proceeds up
                                 Percentage to total   the May 2024 Notes
Purpose                                                                                  during the                 to March 31, 2025
                                           amount                 Offering
                                                                                   reporting period                   (US$ in millions)
                                                          (US$ in millions)
                                                                                   (US$ in millions)
Concurrent Repurchases                       24.3%                     1,198                  1,198                              1,198
Fund further share
                                             62.8%                     3,094                    3,094                            3,094
repurchases
Fund the costs of entering
into the Capped Call                         12.9%                       638                      638                              638
Transactions
Total                                         100%                     4,930                    4,930                            4,930

November 2024 Notes Offering

In November 2024, we completed a private offering (the “November 2024 Notes Offering”) of (i) US$2.65 billion aggregate principal
amount of U.S. dollar-denominated senior unsecured notes, consisting of (a) US$1,000,000,000 4.875% notes due 2030 at an issue price
per note of 99.838%; (b) US$1,150,000,000 5.250% notes due 2035 at an issue price per note of 99.649%; and (c) US$500,000,000
5.625% notes due 2054 at an issue price per note of 99.712% (collectively, the “USD Notes”) and (ii) RMB17 billion aggregate principal
amount of RMB-denominated senior unsecured notes consisting of (a) RMB8,400,000,000 2.65% notes due 2028 at an issue price per
note of 100%; (b) RMB5,000,000,000 2.80% notes due 2029 at an issue price per note of 100%; (c) RMB2,500,000,000 3.10% notes
due 2034 at an issue price per note of 100%; and (d) RMB1,100,000,000 3.50% notes due 2044 at an issue price per note of 100%
(collectively, the “RMB Notes,” together with the USD Notes, the “November 2024 Notes”).

The USD Notes were offered and sold in the United States only to persons reasonably believed to be qualified institutional buyers
pursuant to Rule 144A under the U.S. Securities Act and to certain non-U.S. persons in offshore transaction in reliance on Regulation S
under the U.S. Securities Act. The USD Notes are listed on the Singapore Exchange Securities Trading Limited.

The RMB Notes were offered and sold only to certain non-U.S. persons in offshore transaction in reliance on Regulation S under the
U.S. Securities Act. The RMB Notes are listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange.

The Company intended to use the net proceeds from the November 2024 Notes Offering for general corporate purposes, including
repayment of offshore debt and fund further share repurchases, from time to time, under the Company’s existing share repurchase
program.

For further details of the November 2024 Notes Offering, please see the announcements of our Company dated November 18, 2024,
November 20, 2024, November 28, 2024 and November 29, 2024.

The net proceeds raised from the November 2024 Notes Offering were used according to the intentions as disclosed in the
announcement of our Company dated November 18, 2024. As of March 31, 2025, there were RMB1,509 million unutilized proceeds,
which will be utilized for general purposes, including to fund further share repurchases, from time to time, under the Company's
existing share repurchase program.

A summary of the utilization of the net proceeds from the November 2024 Notes Offering as of March 31, 2025 is as follows:

                                        Net proceeds from the       Amount of net proceeds
                                                                                                          Actual use of proceeds up to
                                        November 2024 Notes            utilized during the
General Corporate purposes                                                                                             March 31, 2025
                                                     Offering            reporting period
                                                                                                                      (US$ in millions)
                                             (US$ in millions)           (US$ in millions)

Repayment of offshore debts                                                             2,250                                    2,250
Fund further share repurchases                                                          1,198                                    1,198
Total                                                    4,957                          3,448                                    3,448




                                                                                                        Fiscal Year 2025 Annual Report    215
      Other Information for Shareholders



      Taxation
      The following is a general summary of certain Cayman Islands, Chinese mainland, Hong Kong SAR and United States federal income
      tax consequences relevant to an investment in our ADSs and ordinary shares. The discussion is not intended to be, nor should it be
      construed as, legal or tax advice to any particular prospective purchaser. The discussion is based on laws and relevant interpretations
      thereof in effect as of the date of this annual report, all of which are subject to change or different interpretations, possibly with
      retroactive effect. The discussion does not address U.S. state or local tax laws, or tax laws of jurisdictions other than the Cayman
      Islands, Chinese mainland, Hong Kong SAR and the United States. You should consult your own tax advisors with respect to the
      consequences of acquisition, ownership and disposition of our ADSs and ordinary shares. To the extent that this discussion relates to
      matters of Cayman Islands tax law, it is the opinion of Maples and Calder (Hong Kong) LLP, our Cayman Islands legal counsel. To
      the extent that the discussion states definitive legal conclusions under PRC tax laws and regulations, it is the opinion of Fangda
      Partners, our PRC counsel.

      Cayman Islands Taxation

      The Cayman Islands currently levies no taxes on individuals or corporations based upon profits, income, gains or appreciation and
      there is no taxation in the nature of inheritance tax or estate duty or withholding tax applicable to us or to any holder of our ADSs or
      ordinary shares. There are no other taxes likely to be material to us levied by the Government of the Cayman Islands except for stamp
      duties that may be applicable on instruments executed in, or after execution brought into, the jurisdiction of the Cayman Islands. No
      stamp duty is payable in the Cayman Islands on the issue of shares by, or any transfer of shares of, Cayman Islands companies (except
      those which hold interests in land in the Cayman Islands). The Cayman Islands is not party to any double tax treaties that are
      applicable to any payments made to or by our company. There are no exchange control regulations or currency restrictions in the
      Cayman Islands.

      Payments of dividends and capital in respect of our ADSs and ordinary shares will not be subject to taxation in the Cayman Islands
      and no withholding will be required on the payment of a dividend or capital to any holder of our ADSs or ordinary shares, as the case
      may be, nor will gains derived from the disposal of our ADSs or ordinary shares be subject to Cayman Islands income or corporation
      tax.

      People’s Republic of China Taxation

      We are a holding company incorporated in the Cayman Islands and we gain substantial income by way of dividends from our PRC
      subsidiaries. The EIT Law and its implementation rules, both of which became effective on January 1, 2008 and were most recently
      amended on December 29, 2018 and December 6, 2024, respectively, provide that China-sourced income of foreign enterprises, such
      as dividends paid by a PRC subsidiary to its equity holders that are non-resident enterprises, will normally be subject to PRC
      withholding tax at a rate of 10%, unless any non-resident enterprise’s jurisdiction of incorporation has a tax treaty with China that
      provides for a lower withholding tax rate for which the foreign investor is eligible.

      Under the EIT Law, an enterprise established outside of China with a “de facto management body” within China is considered a
      “resident enterprise,” which means that it is treated in the same manner as a Chinese enterprise for enterprise income tax purposes.
      Although the implementation rules of the EIT Law define “de facto management body” as a managing body that exercises substantive
      and overall management and control over the production and business, personnel, accounting books and assets of an enterprise, the
      only official guidance for this definition currently available is set forth in Circular 82 issued by the STA, which provides guidance on
      the determination of the tax residence status of a Chinese-controlled offshore incorporated enterprise, defined as an enterprise that is
      incorporated under the laws of a foreign country or territory and that has a PRC enterprise or enterprise group as its primary
      controlling shareholder. Although Alibaba Group Holding Limited does not have a PRC enterprise or enterprise group as our primary
      controlling shareholder and is therefore not a Chinese-controlled offshore incorporated enterprise within the meaning of Circular 82,
      in the absence of guidance specifically applicable to us, we have applied the guidance set forth in Circular 82 to evaluate the tax
      residence status of Alibaba Group Holding Limited and its subsidiaries outside the PRC.




216   Alibaba Group Holding Limited
                                                                            Other Information for Shareholders


According to Circular 82, a Chinese-controlled offshore incorporated enterprise will be regarded as a PRC tax resident by virtue of
having a “de facto management body” in China and will be subject to PRC enterprise income tax on its worldwide income only if all
of the following criteria are met:

         •   the primary location of the day-to-day operational management is in the PRC;

         •   decisions relating to the enterprise’s financial and human resource matters are made or are subject to approval by
             organizations or personnel in the PRC;

         •   the enterprise’s primary assets, accounting books and records, company seals, and board and shareholders meeting
             minutes are located or maintained in the PRC; and

         •   50% or more of voting board members or senior executives habitually reside in the PRC.

We do not believe that we meet any of the conditions outlined in the immediately preceding paragraph. Alibaba Group Holding
Limited and its offshore subsidiaries are incorporated outside the PRC. As a holding company, our key assets and records, including
the resolutions and meeting minutes of our board of directors and the resolutions and meeting minutes of our shareholders, are located
and maintained outside the PRC. In addition, we are not aware of any offshore holding companies with a corporate structure similar to
ours that has been deemed a PRC “resident enterprise” by the PRC tax authorities. Accordingly, we believe that Alibaba Group
Holding Limited and our offshore subsidiaries should not be treated as a “resident enterprise” for PRC tax purposes if the criteria for
“de facto management body” as set forth in Circular 82 were deemed applicable to us. However, as the tax residency status of an
enterprise is subject to determination by the PRC tax authorities and uncertainties remain with respect to the interpretation of the term
“de facto management body” as applicable to our offshore entities, we will continue to monitor our tax status.

The implementation rules of the EIT Law provide that, (i) if the enterprise that distributes dividends is domiciled in the PRC or (ii) if
gains are realized from transferring equity interests of enterprises domiciled in the PRC, then the dividends or capital gains are treated
as China-sourced income. It is not clear how “domicile” may be interpreted under the EIT Law, and it may be interpreted as the
jurisdiction where the enterprise is a tax resident. Therefore, if we are considered a PRC tax resident enterprise for PRC tax purposes,
any dividends we pay to our overseas shareholders or ADS holders that are non-resident enterprises as well as gains realized by those
shareholders or ADS holders from the transfer of our shares or ADSs may be regarded as China-sourced income and as a result
become subject to PRC withholding tax at a rate of 10%, unless any of the non-resident enterprises’ jurisdictions has a tax treaty with
China that provides for a preferential treatment.

Furthermore, if we are considered a PRC resident enterprise and the competent PRC tax authorities consider dividends we pay with
respect to our shares or ADSs and the gains realized from the transfer of our shares or ADSs to be income derived from sources within
the PRC, the dividends we pay to our overseas shareholders or ADS holders who are non-resident individuals, and gains realized by
those shareholders or ADS holders from the transfer of our shares or ADSs, may be subject to PRC individual income tax at a rate of
20%, unless any of the non-resident individuals’ jurisdictions has a tax treaty with China that provides for a preferential tax rate or a
tax exemption. It is also unclear whether, if we are considered a PRC resident enterprise, holders of our shares or ADSs would be able
to claim the benefit of income tax treaties or agreements entered into between China and other countries or areas.

See “Risk Factors — Risks Related to Doing Business in the People’s Republic of China — We may be treated as a resident enterprise
for PRC tax purposes under the PRC Enterprise Income Tax Law, and we may therefore be subject to PRC income tax on our global
income” and “Risk Factors — Risks Related to Doing Business in the People’s Republic of China — Dividends payable to foreign
investors and gains on the sale of our ADSs and/or ordinary shares by our foreign investors may become subject to PRC taxation.”




                                                                                                        Fiscal Year 2025 Annual Report       217
      Other Information for Shareholders


      Hong Kong Taxation

      Our subsidiaries incorporated in Hong Kong were subject to Hong Kong profits tax at a rate of 16.5% in the fiscal years ended March
      31, 2023, 2024 and 2025.

      Our principal register of members is maintained by our Principal Share Registrar in the Cayman Islands, and our Hong Kong register
      of members is maintained by the Hong Kong Share Registrar in Hong Kong.

      Dealings in our Shares registered on our Hong Kong share register are subject to Hong Kong stamp duty. The stamp duty is charged to
      each of the seller and purchaser at the rate of 0.1% (rounded up to the nearest dollar) of the consideration for, or (if greater) the value
      of, our Shares transferred. In other words, a total of 0.2% is currently payable on a typical sale and purchase transaction of our Shares.
      In addition, a fixed duty of HK$5.00 is charged on each instrument of transfer or transfer deed (if required).

      To facilitate ADS-ordinary share conversion and trading between the NYSE and the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, we have moved a
      portion of our issued ordinary shares from our Cayman share register to our Hong Kong share register. It is unclear whether, as a
      matter of Hong Kong law, the trading or conversion of ADSs constitutes a sale or purchase of the underlying Hong Kong-registered
      ordinary shares that is subject to Hong Kong stamp duty. We advise investors to consult their own tax advisors on this matter. See
      “Risk Factors — Risks Related to Our ADSs and Shares — There is uncertainty as to whether Hong Kong stamp duty will apply to
      the trading or conversion of our ADSs.”

      Material United States Federal Income Tax Considerations

      The following summary describes the material United States federal income tax consequences of the ownership and disposition of our
      ADSs and ordinary shares. The discussion set forth below is applicable only to United States Holders that hold ADSs or ordinary
      shares as capital assets (generally, property held for investment). As used herein, the term “United States Holder” means a beneficial
      owner of an ADS or ordinary share that is for United States federal income tax purposes:

               •   an individual who is a citizen or resident of the United States;

               •   a corporation (or other entity treated as a corporation for United States federal income tax purposes) created or organized
                   in or under the laws of the United States, any state thereof or the District of Columbia;

               •   an estate the income of which is subject to United States federal income taxation regardless of its source; or

               •   a trust if it is subject to the primary supervision of a court within the United States and one or more United States persons
                   has or have the authority to control all substantial decisions of the trust, or if it has a valid election in effect under
                   applicable United States Treasury regulations to be treated as a United States person.

      This summary does not represent a detailed description of the United States federal income tax consequences applicable to you if you
      are subject to special treatment under the United States federal income tax laws, including if you are:

               •   a dealer in securities or currencies;

               •   a financial institution;

               •   a regulated investment company;

               •   a real estate investment trust;

               •   an insurance company;

               •   a tax-exempt organization;

               •   a person holding our ADSs or ordinary shares as part of a hedging, integrated or conversion transaction, a constructive
                   sale or a straddle;

               •   a trader in securities that has elected the mark-to-market method of accounting for your securities;




218   Alibaba Group Holding Limited
                                                                             Other Information for Shareholders


         •    a person liable for alternative minimum tax;

         •    a person who owns or is deemed to own 10% or more of our stock (by vote or value);

         •    a person required to accelerate the recognition of any item of gross income with respect to our ADSs or ordinary shares
              as a result of such income being recognized on an applicable financial statement;

         •    a partnership or other pass-through entity for United States federal income tax purposes; or

         •    a person whose “functional currency” is not the U.S. dollar.

The discussion below is based upon the provisions of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, or the Code, and regulations,
rulings and judicial decisions thereunder as of the date of this annual report, as well as the current income tax treaty between the
United States and the PRC, which is hereinafter referred to as the Treaty. Those authorities may be replaced, revoked or modified,
perhaps retroactively, so as to result in United States federal income tax consequences different from those discussed below. In
addition, this summary assumes that the Deposit Agreement, and all other related agreements, will be performed in accordance with
their terms.

If a partnership (or other entity or arrangement treated as a partnership for United States federal income tax purposes) holds our ADSs
or ordinary shares, the tax treatment of a partner will generally depend upon the status of the partner and the activities of the
partnership. If you are a partnership or a partner of a partnership holding our ADSs or ordinary shares, you should consult your tax
advisors.

This summary does not contain a detailed description of all the United States federal income tax consequences to you in light of your
particular circumstances and does not address the Medicare tax on net investment income, United States federal estate and gift taxes or
the effects of any state, local or non-United States tax laws. If you are considering the purchase of our ADSs or ordinary shares, you
should consult your own tax advisors concerning the United States federal income tax consequences to you in light of your particular
situation as well as any consequences arising under other United States federal tax laws and the laws of any other taxing jurisdiction.

         ADSs

If you hold ADSs, for United States federal income tax purposes, you generally will be treated as the owner of the underlying ordinary
shares that are represented by the ADSs. Accordingly, deposits or withdrawals of ordinary shares for ADSs will not be subject to
United States federal income tax.

         Taxation of Dividends

Subject to the discussion under “— Passive Foreign Investment Company” below, the gross amount of distributions on the ADSs or
ordinary shares (including any amounts withheld to reflect PRC withholding taxes) will be taxable as dividends, to the extent paid out
of our current or accumulated earnings and profits, as determined under United States federal income tax principles. The dividends
(including withheld taxes) will be includable in your gross income as ordinary income on the day actually or constructively received
by you, in the case of the ordinary shares, or by the depositary, in the case of ADSs. Such dividends will not be eligible for the
dividends received deduction generally allowed to corporations under the Code. The following discussion assumes that all dividends
will be paid in U.S. dollars.

Subject to applicable limitations (including a minimum holding period requirement), certain dividends received by non-corporate
United States investors from a qualified foreign corporation may be treated as “qualified dividend income” that is subject to reduced
rates of taxation. A foreign corporation is generally treated as a qualified foreign corporation with respect to dividends paid by that
corporation on ordinary shares (or ADSs backed by such shares) that are readily tradable on an established securities market in the
United States. United States Treasury Department guidance indicates that our ADSs (which are listed on the NYSE) are readily
tradable on an established securities market in the United States. Thus, subject to the discussion under “— Passive Foreign Investment
Company” below, we believe that any dividends we pay on our ordinary shares that are represented by ADSs will be potentially
eligible for these reduced tax rates. Since we do not expect that our ordinary shares will be listed on an established securities market in
the United States, we believe that any dividends that we pay on our ordinary shares that are not represented by ADSs do not currently
meet the conditions required for these reduced tax rates. There also can be no assurance that our ADSs will continue to be readily
tradable on an established securities market in the United States in subsequent years. A qualified foreign corporation also generally
includes a foreign corporation that is eligible for the benefits of certain income tax treaties with the United States. In the event that we
were deemed to be a PRC resident enterprise under the EIT Law, although no assurance can be given, we might be eligible for the
benefits of the Treaty. If we were eligible for such benefits, subject to the discussion under “— Passive Foreign Investment Company”




                                                                                                         Fiscal Year 2025 Annual Report        219
      Other Information for Shareholders


      below, dividends we pay on our ordinary shares, regardless of whether the shares are represented by ADSs, would be potentially
      eligible for the reduced rates of taxation. See “— People’s Republic of China Taxation” above.

      However, notwithstanding the foregoing, we will not be treated as a qualified foreign corporation, and non-corporate United States
      Holders will not be eligible for reduced rates of taxation, for any dividends that we pay if we are a passive foreign investment
      company, or PFIC, with respect to such holders in the taxable year in which the dividends are paid or in the preceding taxable year.
      See “— Passive Foreign Investment Company” below.

      In the event that we were deemed to be a PRC resident enterprise under the EIT Law, you might be subject to PRC withholding taxes
      on dividends paid to you with respect to the ADSs or ordinary shares. See “— People’s Republic of China Taxation” above. In that
      case, subject to certain conditions and limitations (including a minimum holding period requirement), PRC withholding taxes on
      dividends may be treated as foreign taxes eligible for credit against your United States federal income tax liability. For purposes of
      calculating the foreign tax credit, dividends paid on the ADSs or ordinary shares will be treated as foreign source income and will
      generally constitute passive category income. However, if you are eligible for Treaty benefits, any PRC taxes on dividends will not be
      creditable against your United States federal income tax liability to the extent withheld at a rate exceeding the applicable Treaty rate.
      In addition, United States Treasury regulations addressing foreign tax credits, or the Foreign Tax Credit Regulations, impose
      additional requirements for foreign taxes to be eligible for a foreign tax credit, and unless you are eligible for and elect to claim the
      benefits of the Treaty, there can be no assurance that those requirements will be satisfied. The Department of the Treasury and the
      Internal Revenue Service, or the IRS, are considering proposing amendments to the Foreign Tax Credit Regulations. In addition,
      recent notices from the IRS provide temporary relief by allowing taxpayers that comply with applicable requirements to apply many
      aspects of the foreign tax credit regulations as they previously existed (before the release of the current Foreign Tax Credit
      Regulations) for taxable years ending before the date that a notice or other guidance withdrawing or modifying the temporary relief is
      issued (or any later date specified in such notice or other guidance). Alternatively, instead of claiming a foreign tax credit, you may be
      able to deduct any PRC withholding taxes on dividends in computing your taxable income, subject to generally applicable limitations
      under United States law (including that a United States Holder is not eligible for a deduction for otherwise creditable foreign income
      taxes paid or accrued in a taxable year if such United States Holder claims a foreign tax credit for any foreign income taxes paid or
      accrued in the same taxable year). The rules governing the foreign tax credit and deductions for foreign taxes are complex. You are
      urged to consult your tax advisors regarding the availability of the foreign tax credit or a deduction under your particular
      circumstances.

      To the extent that the amount of any distribution exceeds our current and accumulated earnings and profits for a taxable year, as
      determined under United States federal income tax principles, the distribution will first be treated as a tax free return of capital,
      causing a reduction in the adjusted basis of the ADSs or ordinary shares (thereby increasing the amount of gain, or decreasing the
      amount of loss, to be recognized by you on a subsequent disposition of the ADSs or ordinary shares), and the balance in excess of
      adjusted basis will be taxed as capital gain recognized on a sale or exchange, as described under “— Taxation of Capital Gains”
      below. Consequently, any distributions in excess of our current and accumulated earnings and profits will generally not give rise to
      foreign source income and you will generally not be eligible for a foreign tax credit for any PRC withholding tax imposed on those
      distributions unless the credit can be applied (subject to applicable limitations) against United States federal income tax due on other
      foreign source income in the appropriate category for foreign tax credit purposes. However, we do not expect to keep earnings and
      profits in accordance with United States federal income tax principles. Therefore, you should expect that a distribution will generally
      be reported as a dividend (as discussed above).

      Distributions of ADSs, ordinary shares or rights to subscribe for ADSs or ordinary shares that are received as part of a pro rata
      distribution to all of our shareholders generally will not be subject to United States federal income tax. Consequently, these
      distributions will generally not give rise to foreign source income and you will generally not be eligible for a foreign tax credit for any
      PRC withholding tax imposed on these distributions unless the credit can be applied (subject to applicable limitations) against United
      States federal income tax due on other foreign source income in the appropriate category for foreign tax credit purposes.




220   Alibaba Group Holding Limited
                                                                             Other Information for Shareholders


         Passive Foreign Investment Company

Based on the composition of our income and assets, and the valuation of our assets, including goodwill, we do not believe we were a
PFIC for our most recent taxable year ended March 31, 2025, although there can be no assurance in this regard.

The determination of whether or not we are a PFIC is made on an annual basis and will depend on the composition of our income and
assets and the valuation of our assets from time to time. Specifically, we will be classified as a PFIC for United States federal income
tax purposes for any taxable year if either: (i) 75% or more of our gross income for that taxable year is passive income, or (ii) at least
50% of the value (generally determined on a quarterly basis) of our assets for that taxable year is attributable to assets that produce or
are held for the production of passive income, or the asset test.

For this purpose, passive income generally includes dividends, interest, royalties and rents (other than royalties and rents derived in
the active conduct of a trade or business and not derived from a related person). In addition, cash and other assets readily convertible
into cash are generally treated as assets that produce or are held for the production of passive income. Goodwill and other unbooked
intangibles associated with active business activity are generally taken into account as non-passive assets. If we own at least 25% (by
value) of the stock of another corporation, we will be treated, for purposes of the PFIC tests, as owning our proportionate share of the
other corporation’s assets and receiving our proportionate share of the other corporation’s income. However, it is not entirely clear
how the contractual arrangements between us and the VIEs will be treated for purposes of the PFIC rules. If it were determined that
we do not own the stock of the VIEs for United States federal income tax purposes (for example, because the relevant PRC authorities
do not respect these arrangements), we may be treated as a PFIC.

In addition, there is uncertainty with respect to the value of our assets that should be taken into account for purposes of the asset test,
and the significant volatility and decline in the trading prices of our ADSs and ordinary shares in recent years have increased the risk
that we were or could be treated as a PFIC for our most recent taxable year. There also can be no assurance that we will not be a PFIC
for the current or any future taxable year. In particular, any further decline in the trading prices of our ADSs and ordinary shares may
result in our becoming a PFIC. If we are a PFIC for any taxable year during which you hold our ADSs or ordinary shares, you will be
subject to special tax rules discussed below.

If we are a PFIC for any taxable year during which you hold our ADSs or ordinary shares and you do not make a timely
mark-to-market election (as discussed below), you will be subject to special tax rules with respect to any “excess distribution”
received and any gain realized from a sale or other disposition, including a pledge, of ADSs or ordinary shares. Distributions received
in a taxable year that are greater than 125% of the average annual distributions received during the shorter of the three preceding
taxable years or your holding period for the ADSs or ordinary shares will be treated as excess distributions. Under these special tax
rules:

         •   the excess distribution or gain will be allocated ratably over your holding period for the ADSs or ordinary shares;

         •   the amount allocated to the current taxable year, and any taxable year prior to the first taxable year in which we were a
             PFIC, will be treated as ordinary income; and

         •   the amount allocated to each other year will be subject to tax at the highest tax rate in effect for that year for individuals
             or corporations, as applicable, and the interest charge generally applicable to underpayments of tax will be imposed on
             the resulting tax attributable to each relevant year.

Although the determination of whether we are a PFIC is made annually, if we are a PFIC for any taxable year in which you hold our
ADSs or ordinary shares, you will generally be subject to the special tax rules described above for that year and for each subsequent
year in which you hold the ADSs or ordinary shares (even if we do not qualify as a PFIC in such subsequent years). However, if we
cease to be a PFIC, you can avoid the continuing impact of the PFIC rules by making a special election to recognize gain as if your
ADSs or ordinary shares had been sold on the last day of the last taxable year during which we were a PFIC. You are urged to consult
your own tax advisors about this election.




                                                                                                          Fiscal Year 2025 Annual Report      221
      Other Information for Shareholders


      In certain circumstances, in lieu of being subject to the special tax rules discussed above, you may make a mark-to-market election
      with respect to your ADSs or ordinary shares, provided such ADSs or ordinary shares are treated as “marketable stock.” The ADSs or
      ordinary shares generally will be treated as marketable stock if the ADSs or ordinary shares, as applicable, are regularly traded on a
      “qualified exchange or other market” (within the meaning of the applicable United States Treasury regulations). Under current law,
      the mark-to-market election may be available to holders of ADSs since the ADSs are listed on the NYSE, which constitutes a qualified
      exchange, although there can be no assurance that the ADSs will be “regularly traded” for purposes of the mark-to-market election or
      that the ADSs will continue to be listed on the NYSE. Our ordinary shares are listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, which must
      meet certain trading, listing, financial disclosure and other requirements to be treated as a qualified exchange for these purposes, and
      no assurance can be given that our ordinary shares will be “regularly traded” for purposes of the mark-to-market election.

      If you make an effective mark-to-market election, for each taxable year that we are a PFIC you will include as ordinary income the
      excess of the fair market value of your ADSs or ordinary shares at the end of the year over your adjusted tax basis in the ADSs or
      ordinary shares. You will be entitled to deduct as an ordinary loss in each such year the excess of your adjusted tax basis in the ADSs
      or ordinary shares over their fair market value at the end of the year, but only to the extent of the net amount previously included in
      income as a result of the mark-to-market election. If you make an effective mark-to-market election, in each year that we are a PFIC:
      (i) any gain you recognize upon the sale or other disposition of your ADSs or ordinary shares will be treated as ordinary income and
      (ii) any loss will be treated as ordinary loss, but only to the extent of the net amount previously included in income as a result of the
      mark-to-market election. If you make an effective mark-to-market election, the general tax rules that apply to distributions by
      corporations that are not PFICs would apply to distributions by us, except that the reduced rates of taxation for qualified dividend
      income of non-corporate United States Holders (as discussed above under “—Taxation of Dividends”) would not be available if we
      are a PFIC in the taxable year in which the dividends are paid or in the preceding taxable year.

      Your adjusted tax basis in the ADSs or ordinary shares will be increased by the amount of any income inclusion and decreased by the
      amount of any deductions under the mark-to-market rules. If you make a mark-to-market election, it will be effective for the taxable
      year for which the election is made and all subsequent taxable years unless the ADSs or ordinary shares are no longer regularly traded
      on a qualified exchange or other market or the IRS consents to the revocation of the election. You are urged to consult your tax
      advisors about the availability of the mark-to-market election, and whether making the election would be advisable in your particular
      circumstances.

      Alternatively, U.S. taxpayers can sometimes avoid the rules described above by electing to treat a PFIC as a “qualified electing fund”
      under Section 1295 of the Code. However, this option is not available to you because we do not intend to comply with the
      requirements necessary to permit you to make this election.

      If we are a PFIC for any taxable year during which you hold our ADSs or ordinary shares and any of our non-U.S. subsidiaries is also
      a PFIC or we otherwise have any investment in a non-U.S. company that is treated as an equity interest in a PFIC for United States
      federal income tax purposes (any such non-U.S. subsidiary or non-U.S. company, a “lower-tier PFIC”), you will be treated as owning
      a proportionate amount (by value) of the shares of the lower-tier PFIC for purposes of the application of the PFIC rules. Because a
      mark-to-market election cannot be made for any lower-tier PFICs unless the shares in such lower-tier PFICs are themselves treated as
      marketable stock, if you make a mark-to-market election with respect to our ADSs or ordinary shares, you may continue to be subject
      to the special tax rules discussed above (rather than the mark-to-market rules) with respect your indirect interest in any such lower-tier
      PFIC. You are urged to consult your tax advisors about the application of the PFIC rules to any lower-tier PFIC.

      In addition, as described under “— Taxation of Dividends” above, non-corporate United States Holders will not be eligible for
      reduced rates of taxation on any dividends received from us if we are a PFIC with respect to such holders in the taxable year in which
      the dividends are paid or in the preceding taxable year. You will generally be required to file IRS Form 8621 if you hold our ADSs or
      ordinary shares in any year in which we are classified as a PFIC.

      You are urged to consult your tax advisors concerning the United States federal income tax consequences of holding ADSs or ordinary
      shares if we are considered a PFIC in any taxable year.




222   Alibaba Group Holding Limited
                                                                            Other Information for Shareholders


         Taxation of Capital Gains

For United States federal income tax purposes, you will recognize taxable gain or loss on any sale, exchange or other taxable
disposition of our ADSs or ordinary shares in an amount equal to the difference between the amount realized for the ADSs or ordinary
shares (net of any Hong Kong stamp duty imposed on such proceeds) and your tax basis in the ADSs or ordinary shares (which should
similarly take into account any Hong Kong stamp duty paid in connection with the acquisition of the ADSs or ordinary shares), both
determined in U.S. dollars. Subject to the discussion under “— Passive Foreign Investment Company” above, such gain or loss will
generally be capital gain or loss and will generally be long-term capital gain or loss if you have held the ADSs or ordinary shares for
more than one year. Long-term capital gains of non-corporate United States Holders (including individuals) are eligible for reduced
rates of taxation. The deductibility of capital losses is subject to limitations.

Any gain or loss recognized by you will generally be treated as United States source gain or loss. However, if we were treated as a
PRC resident enterprise for EIT Law purposes and PRC tax were imposed on any gain, and if you are eligible for the benefits of the
Treaty, you may elect to treat such gain as PRC source gain under the Treaty. If you are not eligible for the benefits of the Treaty or
you fail to make the election to treat any gain as PRC source, then you generally would not be able to use a foreign tax credit for any
PRC tax imposed on the disposition of our ADSs or ordinary shares unless the credit can be applied (subject to applicable limitations)
against United States federal income tax due on other foreign source income in the appropriate category for foreign tax credit
purposes. However, pursuant to the Foreign Tax Credit Regulations, unless you are eligible for and elect to claim the benefits of the
Treaty, any such PRC tax would generally not be a foreign income tax eligible for a foreign tax credit (regardless of any other income
that you may have that is derived from foreign sources). In such case, the non-creditable PRC tax may reduce the amount realized on
the disposition of our ADSs or ordinary shares. As discussed above, however, recent notices from the IRS provide temporary relief by
allowing taxpayers that comply with applicable requirements to apply many aspects of the foreign tax credit regulations as they
previously existed (before the release of the current Foreign Tax Credit Regulations) for taxable years ending before the date that a
notice or other guidance withdrawing or modifying the temporary relief is issued (or any later date specified in such notice or other
guidance). If any PRC tax is imposed upon the disposition of ADSs or ordinary shares and you apply such temporary relief, such PRC
tax may be eligible for a foreign tax credit or deduction, subject to the applicable conditions and limitations.

You will be eligible for the benefits of the Treaty if, for purposes of the Treaty, you are a resident of the United States, and you meet
other requirements specified in the Treaty. Because the determination of whether you qualify for the benefits of the Treaty is fact
intensive and depends upon your particular circumstances, you are specifically urged to consult your tax advisors regarding your
eligibility for the benefits of the Treaty. You are also urged to consult your tax advisors regarding the tax consequences in case any
PRC tax is imposed on gain on a disposition of our ADSs or ordinary shares, including the availability of the foreign tax credit or a
deduction and the election to treat any gain as PRC source, under your particular circumstances.

         Information Reporting and Backup Withholding

In general, information reporting will apply to dividends in respect of our ADSs or ordinary shares and the proceeds from the sale,
exchange or other disposition of our ADSs or ordinary shares that are paid to you within the United States (and in certain cases,
outside the United States), unless you establish that you are an exempt recipient. A backup withholding tax may apply to these
payments if you fail to provide a taxpayer identification number or, in the case of dividend payments, if you fail to make certain
certifications or to report in full dividend and interest income.

Backup withholding is not an additional tax and any amounts withheld under the backup withholding rules will be allowed as a refund
or a credit against your United States federal income tax liability provided the required information is furnished to the IRS in a timely
manner.

Certain United States Holders are required to report information relating to ADSs or ordinary shares, subject to certain exceptions
(including an exception for ADSs or ordinary shares held in accounts maintained by certain financial institutions), by attaching a
complete IRS Form 8938, Statement of Specified Foreign Financial Assets, with their tax return for each year in which they hold the
ADSs or ordinary shares. You are urged to consult your own tax advisors regarding information reporting requirements relating to
your ownership of the ADSs or ordinary shares.




                                                                                                         Fiscal Year 2025 Annual Report     223
      Other Information for Shareholders


      Dividend Policy
      For fiscal year 2024, we declared a cash dividend in the amount of US$0.2075 per Share or US$1.66 per ADS, consisting of (i) a
      regular dividend in the amount of US$0.125 per Share or US$1.00 per ADS and (ii) a one-time extraordinary dividend in the amount
      of US$0.0825 per Share or US$0.66 per ADS as a distribution of proceeds from disposition of certain financial investments, for a total
      amount of approximately US$4 billion.

      For fiscal year 2025, we declared a cash dividend in the amount of US$0.25 per Share or US$2.00 per ADS consisting of (i) a regular
      dividend in the amount of US$0.13125 per Share or US$1.05 per ADS and (ii) a one-time extraordinary dividend in the amount of
      US$0.11875 per Share or US$0.95 per ADS as a distribution of proceeds from disposition of certain businesses and financial
      investments, for a total amount of approximately US$4.6 billion.

      Under the Company’s dividend policy, subject to our Articles of Association, the board may determine to pay dividends at its
      discretion based on a number of factors, including without limitation our future operations and expected earnings, capital requirements
      and surplus, general financial condition, contractual restrictions and other considerations required under applicable laws and
      regulations and other factors that the board of directors may deem relevant. If we pay any dividends, the depositary will pay our ADS
      holders to the same extent as holders of our ordinary shares, subject to the terms of the Deposit Agreement, including the fees and
      expenses payable thereunder.

      We are a holding company incorporated in the Cayman Islands. In order for us to distribute any dividends to our shareholders and
      ADS holders, we rely on dividends, loans, and other distributions on equity paid by our operating subsidiaries in China and on
      remittances, including loans, from variable interest entities in China. Dividend distributions from our PRC subsidiaries to us are
      subject to PRC taxes, such as withholding tax. In addition, regulations in the PRC currently permit payment of dividends of a PRC
      company only out of accumulated distributable after-tax profits as determined in accordance with its articles of association and the
      accounting standards and regulations in China. See “Risk Factors — Risks Related to Doing Business in the People’s Republic of
      China — We rely to a significant extent on dividends, loans and other distributions on equity paid by our operating subsidiaries in
      China.”




224   Alibaba Group Holding Limited
                                                                           Exemptions and Waivers

New York Stock Exchange Listed Compliance Manual
We are a “foreign private issuer” (as such term is defined in Rule 3b-4 under the U.S. Exchange Act), and our ADSs, each
representing eight ordinary shares, are listed on the NYSE. Under Section 303A of the NYSE Listed Company Manual, NYSE listed
companies that are foreign private issuers are permitted to follow home country practice in lieu of the corporate governance provisions
specified by the NYSE with limited exceptions. The following summarizes some significant ways in which our corporate governance
practices differ from those followed by domestic companies under the listing standards of the NYSE.

Under the NYSE Listed Company Manual, U.S. domestic listed companies are required to have a majority independent board, which
is not required under the Companies Act (As Revised) of the Cayman Islands (the “Companies Act”), our home country. Currently,
our board of directors is composed of ten members, six of whom are independent directors. All of our independent directors are
independent within the meaning of Section 303A of the NYSE Listed Company Manual. We have also received from each
independent director a confirmation of his or her independence and we consider them to be independent pursuant to the Hong Kong
Listing Rules. In addition, the NYSE Listed Company Manual requires U.S. domestic listed companies to have a compensation
committee and a nominating/corporate governance committee, each composed entirely of independent directors, which are not
required under the Companies Act. Currently, our Compensation Committee is composed of three members, all of whom are
independent directors. Our Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee is composed of two members, all of whom are
independent directors. In addition, the NYSE Listed Company Manual requires shareholder approval for certain matters, such as
requiring that shareholders must be given the opportunity to vote on all equity compensation plans and material revisions to those
plans, which is not required under the Cayman Islands law. We comply with the requirements of Cayman Islands law and Hong Kong
Listing Rules in determining whether shareholder approval is required.


Hong Kong Listing Rules
In connection with our conversion to primary listing on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, the Hong Kong Stock Exchange granted
certain waivers and exemptions from strict compliance with the relevant provisions of the Hong Kong Listing Rules. For further
details of these waivers and exemptions, please refer to the announcement of the Company dated August 23, 2024.

Use of U.S. GAAP

Rule 19.25A of the Hong Kong Listing Rules provides that the annual accounts are required to conform with financial reporting
standards acceptable to the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, which are normally Hong Kong Financial Reporting Standards (“HKFRS”)
or International Financial Reporting Standards (“IFRS”), unless otherwise allowed by the Hong Kong Stock Exchange. Note 2.1 to
Paragraph 2 of Appendix D2 to the Hong Kong Listing Rules also requires us to prepare our financial statements in the financial
reports to be in conformity with: (a) HKFRS; or (b) IFRS, unless otherwise allowed by the Hong Kong Stock Exchange.

As a company listed on the NYSE, we prepare our financial statements in accordance with U.S. GAAP and our financial statements
are audited under the standards of the U.S. Public Company Accounting Oversight Board for the purpose of our filings with the SEC.
U.S. GAAP is well recognized and accepted by the international investment community, and significant progress has been made in the
convergence between U.S. GAAP and IFRS. Additionally, we note that there may be confusion among our investors and shareholders
if we are required to adopt different accounting standards for our disclosures in Hong Kong and our disclosures in the U.S.. Aligning
the accounting standards used for disclosures in both markets will prevent any such confusion.

The Hong Kong Stock Exchange granted us a waiver from strict compliance with the requirements under Rule 19.25A of, and Note
2.1 to paragraph 2 of Appendix D2 to, the Hong Kong Listing Rules in relation to our annual and interim reports, subject to certain
conditions.

Shareholder Protection Requirements

Paragraphs 4(3), 4(2) and 14(5) of Appendix A1 to the Hong Kong Listing Rules provide as follows:

    •    Removal of Directors: “That, where not otherwise provided by law, members in general meeting shall have the power by
         ordinary resolution to remove any director (including a managing or other executive director, but without prejudice to any




                                                                                                      Fiscal Year 2025 Annual Report      225
      Exemptions and Waivers


               claim for damages under any contract) before the expiration of his term of office.” (paragraph 4(3) of Appendix A1 to the
               Hong Kong Listing Rules);

          •    Casual Vacancy of Directors: “That any person appointed by the directors to fill a casual vacancy on or as an addition to the
               board shall hold office only until the next following annual general meeting of the issuer after his appointment, and shall then
               be eligible for re-election.” (paragraph 4(2) of Appendix A1 to the Hong Kong Listing Rules); and

          •    Requisition of extraordinary general meetings: “That members holding a minority stake in the total number of issued
               shares (excluding treasury shares) must be able to convene an extraordinary general meeting and add resolutions to a meeting
               agenda. The minimum stake required to do so must not be higher than 10% of the voting rights, on a one vote per share basis,
               in the share capital (excluding treasury shares) of the issuer.” (paragraph 14(5) of Appendix A1 to the Hong Kong Listing
               Rules).

      We have a “director nomination rights-based” governance structure and are deemed to be a company with a WVR structure under the
      Hong Kong Listing Rules. Our Articles give the Alibaba Partnership the exclusive right to nominate or, in limited situations, appoint,
      up to a simple majority of the members of our board of directors; and restrict the ability of our shareholders to make amendments to
      the above nomination and/or appointment rights, as well as take actions that seek to undermine the governance rights granted to the
      Alibaba Partnership over our Company. As we are permitted to retain our WVR structure, the Hong Kong Stock Exchange has granted
      us a waiver from strict compliance with paragraphs 4(3) and 4(2) of Appendix A1 to the Hong Kong Listing Rules.

      Under Article 57(b) of our Articles, a shareholders’ requisition is a requisition by our shareholders holding not less than one-third of
      the voting rights. Article 57(f) and (g) of our Articles set out certain limitations on the resolutions which may be proposed by
      requisitionists. The Hong Kong Stock Exchange has granted us a waiver from strict compliance with paragraph 14(5) of Appendix A1
      to the Hong Kong Listing Rules.

      Continuing Connected Transaction Requirements applicable to the Contractual Arrangements

      We have in place various Contractual Arrangements with variable interest entities (“VIEs”) that are incorporated in the PRC and
      owned by PRC citizens or by PRC entities owned and/or controlled by PRC citizens. The transactions contemplated under the
      Contractual Arrangements will constitute continuing connected transactions of our Company under the Hong Kong Listing Rules upon
      the Primary Conversion Effective Date where directors, chief executive officers or substantial shareholders of the VIEs will become
      connected persons (as defined in Chapter 14A of the Hong Kong Listing Rules) of our Company upon the Primary Conversion
      Effective Date, unless they are exempt under the Hong Kong Listing Rules.

      In respect of the Contractual Arrangements, the Hong Kong Stock Exchange has granted us a waiver from strict compliance with (i)
      the announcement, circular (including independent financial advice) and independent shareholders’ approval requirements under
      Rules 14A.35, 14A.36, 14A.39, 14A.44, 14A.45 and 14A.46 of the Hong Kong Listing Rules in respect of the transactions
      contemplated under the Contractual Arrangements, (ii) the requirement of setting an annual cap for the transactions under the
      Contractual Arrangements under Rule 14A.53 of the Hong Kong Listing Rules, and (iii) the requirement of limiting the term of the
      Contractual Arrangements to three years or less under Rule 14A.52 of the Hong Kong Listing Rules, for so long as our Shares are
      listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, subject to the following conditions.
          (a) Confirmation from independent directors

               Prior to the Primary Conversion Effective Date, the independent directors confirmed that the contractual arrangements in
               place at the time were on normal commercial terms or better and in the ordinary and usual course of business of our Group
               and are in our interests and those of our Shareholders as a whole.

          (b) No change without independent non-executive Directors’ approval

               No change to the contractual arrangements will be made without the approval of the independent directors.

          (c) No material change without independent Shareholders’ approval

               Save as described in condition (e) below, no material change to the agreements governing the contractual arrangements will
               be made without the approval of our independent Shareholders. Once independent Shareholders’ approval of any change has
               been obtained, no further announcement or approval of the independent Shareholders will be required under Chapter 14A of
               the Hong Kong Listing Rules unless and until further changes are proposed. The periodic reporting requirement regarding the
               contractual arrangements in our annual reports (as set out in condition (f) below) will, however, continue to be applicable.




226   Alibaba Group Holding Limited
                                                                                            Exemptions and Waivers


(d) Economic benefits flexibility

    The contractual arrangements shall continue to enable us to receive the economic benefits derived by the relevant VIEs
    through:

     (i)         an exclusive call option to (A) request the relevant VIE to decrease its registered capital at an exercise price equal
                 to the higher of (a) the paid-in registered capital in the relevant VIE and (b) the minimum price as permitted by
                 applicable PRC law, or the capital decrease price, and (B) subscribe for the increased capital of relevant VIE at a
                 price equal to the capital decrease price, or the sum of the capital decrease price and the unpaid registered capital,
                 if applicable, as of the capital decrease;

    (ii)         the business structure under which the profit generated by the relevant VIEs is substantially retained by us, such
                 that no annual cap shall be set on the amount of service fees payable to our wholly foreign owned entities (the
                 “WFOEs”) by the relevant VIEs under the relevant exclusive service agreement; and

    (iii)        our right to control the management and operation of, as well as, in substance, all of the voting rights of the
                 relevant VIEs.

(e) Renewal and reproduction

    On the basis that the contractual arrangements provide an acceptable framework for the relationship between us and our
    subsidiaries in which we have direct shareholding, on the one hand, and VIEs, on the other hand, the registered shareholders/
    partners for VIEs may be changed, and that framework may be renewed, terminated and/or reproduced upon the expiry of the
    existing arrangements or in relation to any existing or new WFOE or operating company (including branch company)
    engaging in similar business as that of our Group which may wish to establish such framework, where justified by business
    expediency, without obtaining the approval of the Shareholders, on substantially the same terms and conditions as the
    existing contractual arrangements. Any other transactions, other than those under similar contractual arrangements between
    our Group and connected persons of VIEs, shall comply with Chapter 14A of the Hong Kong Listing Rules. This condition is
    subject to relevant PRC laws, regulations and approvals.

(f) Ongoing reporting and approvals

    We will disclose details relating to the contractual arrangements on an ongoing basis as follows:

            •   A summary of the contractual arrangements in place during each financial reporting period will be disclosed in our
                annual report and accounts in accordance with the relevant provisions of the Hong Kong Listing Rules.

            •   The independent directors will review the contractual arrangements annually and confirm in our annual report and
                accounts for the relevant year that (i) the transactions carried out during such year thereunder have been entered into
                according to the agreements governing the contractual arrangements, (ii) no dividends or other distributions have
                been made by the onshore holding entities (i.e. being the companies held by the registered shareholders of the VIEs
                and controlled by us through the contractual arrangements) to the holders of its equity interests which are not
                otherwise subsequently assigned or transferred to us, and (iii) any new contracts entered into, renewed or reproduced
                between us and onshore holding entities during the relevant financial period under condition (e) above are fair and
                reasonable, and in our interests and those of the Shareholders as a whole.

            •   Our auditor will carry out procedures annually on the transactions pursuant to the contractual arrangements and will
                provide a letter to the Directors with a copy to the Hong Kong Stock Exchange confirming that the transactions have
                received the approval of our Directors, have been entered into in accordance with the relevant contractual
                arrangements, and that no dividends or other distributions have been made by the onshore holding entities to the
                holders of its equity interests which are not otherwise subsequently assigned or transferred to us.

            •   For the purpose of Chapter 14A of the Hong Kong Listing Rules, and in particular the definition of “connected
                person”, the VIEs will be treated as our subsidiaries, and transactions between connected persons of such VIEs and
                our Group, other than those under the contractual arrangements, will be subject to requirements under Chapter 14A
                of the Hong Kong Listing Rules.




                                                                                                      Fiscal Year 2025 Annual Report      227
      Exemptions and Waivers


                       •   The VIEs will undertake that, for so long as our Shares are listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, the VIEs will
                           provide our Group’s management and our auditor full access to its relevant records for the purpose of our auditor’s
                           reporting on the connected transactions.

                  Confirmations

      The independent directors have reviewed the contractual arrangements carried out during the year ended March 31, 2025 and confirm
      that:

        (i)       the transactions carried out during such year thereunder have been entered into according to the agreements governing the
                  contractual arrangements;

       (ii)       no dividends or other distributions have been made by the onshore holding entities (i.e. being the companies held by the
                  registered shareholders of the VIEs and controlled by us through the contractual arrangements) to the holders of its equity
                  interests which are not otherwise subsequently assigned or transferred to us; and

      (iii)       any new contracts entered into, renewed or reproduced between us and onshore holding entities during the relevant financial
                  period under condition (e) above are fair and reasonable, and in our interests and those of the Shareholders as a whole.

      Our auditor has confirmed in a letter to the board of directors that, with respect to the contractual arrangements for the period from
      August 28, 2024, being the effective date of the Company’s conversion to be a primary listed issuer on the Stock Exchange, to March
      31, 2025:

        (i)       nothing has come to their attention that causes the auditor to believe that the disclosed continuing connected transactions
                  have not been approved by the Board;

       (ii)       nothing has come to their attention that causes the auditor to believe that the transactions were not entered into, in all material
                  respects, in accordance with the relevant agreements governing such transactions; and

      (iii)       nothing has come to their attention that causes the auditor to believe that dividends or other distributions have been made by
                  the variable interest entities to the holders of their equity interests which are not otherwise subsequently assigned or
                  transferred to the Group.

      Exercise price of share options to be granted pursuant to the 2024 Plan

      Rule 17.03E of the Hong Kong Listing Rules states that the exercise price of an option must be at least the higher of: (i) the closing
      price of the shares as stated in the Hong Kong Stock Exchange’s daily quotations sheet on the date of grant, which must be a business
      day; and (ii) the average closing price of the shares as stated in the Hong Kong Stock Exchange’s daily quotations sheets for the five
      business days immediately preceding the date of grant. We note that the relevant requirement specifies the value of the exercise price
      but does not strictly limit the currency at which grants are made.

      On the basis that (a) the method for determining the exercise price of the options based on the market price of ADSs is similar to the
      requirement in Rule 17.03E of the Hong Kong Listing Rules, (b) it has been our typical practice to issue options exercisable into
      ADSs or ordinary shares with an exercise price denominated in U.S. dollars and with reference to ADS trading price on the NYSE in
      general since 2014, and that we will continue to prepare the accounts based on U.S. GAAP after the Primary Conversion Effective
      Date, and a portion of the grants made by us under the 2024 Plan will consist of options exercisable into ADSs, after the Primary
      Conversion Effective Date, and (c) it would be unduly burdensome for us to grant options exercisable into ADSs with exercise prices
      denominated in Hong Kong dollars and based on the market prices of our ordinary shares in Hong Kong, the Hong Kong Stock
      Exchange has granted us a waiver from strict compliance with Rule 17.03E of the Hong Kong Listing Rules, such that we will be able
      to determine the exercise price for grant of options exercisable into ADSs under our 2024 Plan based on, among other things, the
      higher of:

              (i) the closing sales price for such ADSs on the date of grant on the NYSE, or if the date of determination of the exercise price is
                  not on a trading day, the closing sales price on the trading date immediately preceding the date of determination; and

              (ii) the average closing sales price for such ADSs on the NYSE for the five NYSE trading days immediately preceding the date
                   of grant, subject to the condition that in the event that we issue any share options with an exercise price denominated in Hong
                   Kong dollars, such exercise price shall comply with Rule 17.03E of the Hong Kong Listing Rules.




228   Alibaba Group Holding Limited
                                                                                                                 Definitions

Conventions that apply to this annual report
Unless the context otherwise requires, references in this annual report to:

      •     “2014 Plan” is to the 2014 Post-IPO Equity Incentive Plan, which we adopted on September 2, 2014 and amended and
            restated on February 12, 2020 and May 25, 2022;
      •     “2024 equity incentive plans” are to the 2024 Plan and 2024 Plan (Existing Shares);
      •     “2024 Plan” is to the 2024 Equity Incentive Plan, which we adopted on August 22, 2024;
      •     “2024 Plan (Existing Shares)” is to the 2024 Equity Incentive Plan (Existing Shares), which we adopted on August 26,
            2024;
      •     “ADSs” are to the American depositary shares, each of which represents eight Shares;
      •     “AI” is to artificial intelligence;
      •     “Alibaba,” “Alibaba Group,” “Group,” “company,” “our company,” “we,” “our” or “us” are to Alibaba Group Holding
            Limited, a company incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability on June 28, 1999 and, where the context
            requires, its consolidated subsidiaries and its affiliated consolidated entities, including its variable interest entities and
            their subsidiaries, from time to time;
      •     “Alibaba Health” is to Alibaba Health Information Technology Limited, a company incorporated in Bermuda on March
            11, 1998, the shares of which are listed on the Main Board of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange (Stock Code: 0241), and,
            except where the context otherwise requires, its consolidated subsidiaries;
      •     “Alipay” is to Alipay.com Co., Ltd., a company incorporated under the laws of the PRC on December 8, 2004, with which
            we have a long-term contractual relationship and which is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Ant Group or, where the context
            requires, its predecessor entities;
      •     “Analysys” is to Analysys, a research institution;
      •     “Ant Group” is to Ant Group Co., Ltd. (formerly known as Ant Small and Micro Financial Services Group Co., Ltd.), a
            company organized under the laws of the PRC on October 19, 2000 and, as context requires, its consolidated subsidiaries;
      •     “Articles” or “Articles of Association” is to our Amended and Restated Articles of Association (as amended and restated
            from time to time), adopted on August 22, 2024;
      •     “board” or “board of directors” is to our board of directors, unless otherwise stated;
      •     “business day” is to any day (other than a Saturday, Sunday or public holiday) on which banks in relevant jurisdictions are
            generally open for business;
      •     “Cainiao” or “Cainiao Smart Logistics Network Limited” is to Cainiao Smart Logistics Network Limited, a company
            incorporated on May 20, 2015 under the laws of the Cayman Islands and our consolidated subsidiary, together with its
            subsidiaries; where the context requires, also refers to our logistics business segment;
      •     “CCASS” is to the Central Clearing and Settlement System established and operated by Hong Kong Securities Clearing
            Company Limited, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Hong Kong Exchange and Clearing Limited;
      •     “China” and the “PRC” is to the People’s Republic of China;
      •     “China commerce retail marketplaces” are to Taobao, Tmall and certain other marketplaces of Taobao and Tmall Group;




                                                                                                          Fiscal Year 2025 Annual Report     229
      Definitions


          •     “Companies (WUMP) Ordinance” is to the Companies (Winding Up and Miscellaneous Provisions) Ordinance (Chapter
                32 of the Laws of Hong Kong), as amended or supplemented from time to time;
          •     “Corporate Governance Code” is to the Corporate Governance Code set out in Appendix C1 to the Hong Kong Listing
                Rules;
          •     “CSRC” is to the China Securities Regulatory Commission of the PRC;
          •     “Damai Entertainment” is to Damai Entertainment Holdings Limited, (formerly known as Alibaba Pictures Group
                Limited), a company incorporated in Bermuda with limited liability on January 6, 1994, the shares of which are listed on
                the Main Board of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange (Stock Code: 1060) and, except where the context otherwise requires,
                its consolidated subsidiaries;
          •     “Deposit Agreement” is to the deposit agreement, dated as of September 24, 2014, as amended, among us, Citibank, N.A.
                and our ADS holders and beneficial owners from time to time;
          •     “director(s)” are to member(s) of our board, unless otherwise stated;
          •     “DTC” is to The Depository Trust Company, the central book-entry clearing and settlement system for equity securities in
                the United States and the clearance system for our ADSs;
          •     “Ele.me” is to Rajax Holding, a company incorporated under the laws of the Cayman Islands on June 8, 2011 and our
                consolidated subsidiary, and Fengniao Investment Holding Limited, a company incorporated under the laws of the British
                Virgin Islands on June 27, 2022 and our consolidated subsidiary, and, except where the context otherwise requires, their
                consolidated subsidiaries and their affiliated consolidated entities, including their variable interest entities and their
                subsidiaries; where the context requires, also refers to our on-demand delivery and local services platform under the
                Ele.me brand;
          •     “Enhanced VIE Structure” is to our enhanced structure for variable interest entities as described in “Business Overview —
                Organizational Structure”;
          •     “Enlightent” is to Enlightent, a research institution;
          •     “EU” is to the European Union;
          •     “Euromonitor” is to "Euromonitor International Limited", a research institution. Information in this Annual Report on the
                Turkish E-commerce market is from independent market research carried out by Euromonitor International Limited but
                should not be relied upon in making, or refraining from making any investment decision;
          •     “FMCG” is to fast-moving consumer goods;
          •     “foreign private issuer” is to such term as defined in Rule 3b-4 under the U.S. Exchange Act;
          •     “Gartner” are to Gartner, Inc.; the Gartner content described herein (the “Gartner Content”) represent(s) research opinion
                or viewpoints published, as part of a syndicated subscription service, by Gartner, Inc. (“Gartner”), and is not a
                representation of fact; Gartner Content speaks as of its original publication date (and not as of the date of this annual
                report), and the opinions expressed in the Gartner Content are subject to change without notice. Gartner does not endorse
                any vendor, product or service depicted in its research publications, and does not advise technology users to select only
                those vendors with the highest ratings or other designation. Gartner research publications consist of the opinions of
                Gartner’s research organization and should not be construed as statements of fact. Gartner disclaims all warranties,
                expressed or implied, with respect to this research, including any warranties of merchantability or fitness for a particular
                purpose; GARTNER is a registered trademark and service mark of Gartner, Inc. and/or its affiliates in the U.S. and
                internationally and is used herein with permission. All rights reserved.;
          •     “GDP” is to gross domestic product;
          •     “GDPR” is to the EU General Data Protection Regulation;
          •     “GMV” is to the value of paid orders of products and services on our marketplaces, including shipping charges paid by
                buyers to sellers;
          •     “HK$” or “Hong Kong dollars” or “HKD” are to Hong Kong dollars, the lawful currency of Hong Kong;




230   Alibaba Group Holding Limited
                                                                                                                Definitions


•   “Hong Kong” or “Hong Kong SAR” is to the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the PRC;
•   “Hong Kong Listing Rules” are to the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong
    Limited, as amended or supplemented from time to time;
•   “Hong Kong Share Registrar” is to Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited;
•   “Hong Kong Stock Exchange” is to The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited;
•   “IaaS” is to infrastructure-as-a-service;
•   “ICP(s)” are to Internet content provider(s);
•   “IDC” is to International Data Corporation, a research institution;
•   “IPO” is to initial public offering;
•   “IT” is to information technology;
•   “Junao” is to Hangzhou Junao Equity Investment Partnership (Limited Partnership), a limited liability partnership
    incorporated under the laws of the PRC;
•   “Junhan” is to Hangzhou Junhan Equity Investment Partnership (Limited Partnership), a limited liability partnership
    incorporated under the laws of the PRC;
•   “Lazada” is to LAZADA SOUTH EAST ASIA PTE. LTD., a company incorporated under the laws of the Republic of
    Singapore on January 19, 2012 and our consolidated subsidiary, and, except where the context otherwise requires, its
    consolidated subsidiaries and affiliated consolidated entities;
•   “MaaS” is to model-as-a-service;
•   “major subsidiaries” are to the subsidiaries identified in our corporate structure chart in “Business Overview —
    Organizational Structure”;
•   “major variable interest entities” or “major VIEs” are to the variable interest entities that account for a significant majority
    of total revenue and assets of the variable interest entities as a group as described in “Management Discussion and
    Analysis — Variable Interest Entity Financial Information”;
•   “Memorandum” is to our memorandum of association (as amended from time to time);
•   “MIIT” is to the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology of the PRC;
•   “Model Code” is to the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers set out in Appendix C3 to
    the Hong Kong Listing Rules;
•   “MOF” is to the Ministry of Finance of the PRC;
•   “MOFCOM” is to the Ministry of Commerce of the PRC;
•   “NDRC” is to the National Development and Reform Commission of the PRC;
•   “NYSE” is to the New York Stock Exchange;
•   “online GMV” is to the GMV of China commerce retail marketplaces;
•   “orders” unless the context otherwise requires, are to each paid order from a transaction between a buyer and a seller for
    products and services on the relevant platform, even if the order includes multiple items, during the specified period;
•   our “wholesale marketplaces” are to 1688.com and Alibaba.com, collectively;
•   “P4P” is to pay-for-performance;




                                                                                                 Fiscal Year 2025 Annual Report        231
      Definitions


          •     “PaaS” is to platform-as-a-service;
          •     “PBOC” is to the People’s Bank of China;
          •     “PCAOB” is to the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board;
          •     “PRC government” or “State” is to the central government of the PRC, including all political subdivisions (including
                provincial, municipal and other regional or local government entities) and its organs or, as the context requires, any of
                them;
          •     “Primary Conversion” is to the voluntary conversion of our secondary listing status to primary listing status on the Main
                Board of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange;
          •     “Primary Conversion Effective Date” is to August 28, 2024, being the date on which the Primary Conversion became
                effective;
          •     “Principal Share Registrar” is to Maples Fund Services (Cayman) Limited;
          •     “QuestMobile” is to QuestMobile, a research institution;
          •     “Reorganization” is the implementation of an organizational and governance structure with six major business groups and
                various other businesses announced on March 28, 2023;
          •     “representative variable interest entities” or “representative VIEs” are to the variable interest entities identified in our
                corporate structure chart in “Business Overview — Organizational Structure”;
          •     “RMB” or “Renminbi” is to Renminbi, the lawful currency of the PRC;
          •     “RSU(s)” are to restricted share unit(s);
          •     “SaaS” is to software-as-a-service;
          •     “SAFE” is to the State Administration of Foreign Exchange of the PRC, the PRC governmental agency responsible for
                matters relating to foreign exchange administration, including local branches, when applicable;
          •     “SAIC” is to State Administration for Industry and Commerce of the PRC, which has been merged into SAMR;
          •     “SAMR” is to the State Administration for Market Regulation of the PRC;
          •     “SAPA” is to a share and asset purchase agreement by and among us, Ant Group, Altaba Inc. (formerly known as Yahoo!
                Inc.), SoftBank and the other parties named therein, dated August 12, 2014, together with any subsequent amendments as
                the context requires;
          •     “SEC” is to the United States Securities and Exchange Commission;
          •     “SFC” is to the Securities and Futures Commission of Hong Kong;
          •     “SFO” is to the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Chapter 571 of the Laws of Hong Kong), as amended or supplemented
                from time to time;
          •     “Share Split” is to the subdivision of each ordinary share into eight Shares, pursuant to which the par value of our Shares
                was correspondingly changed from US$0.000025 per Share to US$0.000003125 per Share, with effect from July 30,
                2019; immediately after the Share Split became effective, our authorized share capital became US$100,000 divided into
                32,000,000,000 Shares of par value US$0.000003125 per Share;
          •     “shareholder(s)” are to holder(s) of Shares and, where the context requires, ADSs;




232   Alibaba Group Holding Limited
                                                                                                                 Definitions


•   “Share(s)” or “ordinary share(s)” are to ordinary share(s) in our capital with par value of US$0.000003125 each;
•   “SMEs” are to small and medium-sized enterprises;
•   “SoftBank” is to SoftBank Group Corp. (formerly known as SoftBank Corp.), and, except where the context otherwise
    requires, its consolidated subsidiaries;
•   “STA” is to the State Taxation Administration of the PRC;
•   “Sun Art” is to Sun Art Retail Group Limited, a company incorporated under the laws of Hong Kong on December 13,
    2000 with limited liability, the shares of which are listed on the Main Board of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange (Stock
    Code: 6808), and except where the context requires, its consolidated subsidiaries;
•   “Takeovers Codes” are to Hong Kong’s Codes on Takeovers and Mergers and Share Buy-backs issued by the SFC, as
    amended or supplemented from time to time;
•   “take rate” is calculated by dividing customer management revenue of Taobao and Tmall Group by online GMV, which
    represents revenue as a percentage of overall volume generated on our China commerce retail marketplaces;
•   “UK” are to the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland;
•   “U.S.” or “United States” is to the United States of America, its territories, its possessions and all areas subject to its
    jurisdiction;
•   “US$” or “U.S. dollars” are to the lawful currency of the United States;
•   “U.S. Exchange Act” is to the United States Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations
    promulgated thereunder;
•   “U.S. GAAP” is to accounting principles generally accepted in the United States;
•   “U.S. Securities Act” is to the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations
    promulgated thereunder;
•   “USTR” is to the Office of the U.S. Trade Representative;
•   “variable interest entities” or “VIE(s)” are to the variable interest entities that are incorporated in the PRC and owned by
    PRC citizens or by PRC entities owned and/or controlled by PRC citizens, where applicable, that hold the ICP licenses, or
    other business operation licenses or approvals, and generally operate the various websites and/or mobile apps for our
    Internet businesses or other businesses in which foreign investment is restricted or prohibited, and are consolidated into
    our consolidated financial statements in accordance with U.S. GAAP;
•   “VAT” is to value-added tax; all amounts are exclusive of VAT in this annual report except where indicated otherwise;
•   “VIE structure” or “Contractual Arrangements” are to the variable interest entity structure;
•   “Youku” is to Youku Tudou Inc., a company incorporated under the laws of the Cayman Islands on September 20, 2005
    and our indirect wholly-owned subsidiary, and, except where the context otherwise requires, its consolidated subsidiaries
    and its affiliated consolidated entities, including its variable interest entities and their subsidiaries; where the context
    requires, Youku also refers to our online video platform under the Youku brand; and
•   “Yunfeng Fund(s)” are to one or more Yunfeng investment funds established by Yunfeng Capital Limited or its affiliates,
    in which Jack Ma currently holds minority interest in the general partners.




                                                                                                  Fiscal Year 2025 Annual Report   233
      Definitions



      Exchange Rate Information
      Our reporting currency is the Renminbi. This annual report contains translations of Renminbi and Hong Kong dollar amounts into U.S.
      dollars at specific rates solely for the convenience of the reader. Unless otherwise stated, all translations of Renminbi and Hong Kong
      dollars into U.S. dollars and from U.S. dollars into Renminbi in this annual report were made at a rate of RMB7.2567 to
      US$1.00 and HK$7.7799 to US$1.00, the respective exchange rates on March 31, 2025 set forth in the H.10 statistical release of the
      Federal Reserve Board. We make no representation that any Renminbi, Hong Kong dollar or U.S. dollar amounts referred to in this
      annual report could have been, or could be, converted into U.S. dollars, Renminbi or Hong Kong dollars, as the case may be, at any
      particular rate or at all.


      Language
      The English version of this annual report prevail over the Chinese version.

      The English names of the PRC entities, PRC laws or regulations, and the PRC governmental authorities referred to in this annual
      report are translations from their Chinese names and are for identification purposes. If there is any inconsistency, the Chinese names
      shall prevail.




234   Alibaba Group Holding Limited
                                                                                        Further Information

Our annual report is available for viewing on the websites of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange at www.hkexnews.hk and our website at
www.alibabagroup.com.

In addition, we will provide hard copies of our annual report to shareholders, including ADS holders, free of charge upon request.

The following table sets out the exhibits filed with our annual report on Form 20-F:


 Exhibit
 Number                                                           Description of Document
 1.1            Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Registrant as currently in effect

 2.1            Registrant’s Form of Ordinary Share Certificate

 2.2            Deposit Agreement, dated as of September 24, 2014, between the Registrant, the depositary and holders and
                beneficial holders of American Depositary Shares evidenced by American Depositary Receipts issued thereunder,
                including the form of American Depositary Receipt

 2.3            Form of American Depositary Receipt evidencing American Depositary Shares (included in Exhibit 2.2)

 2.4            Indenture, dated as of November 28, 2014, between the Registrant and Bank of New York Mellon as Trustee

 2.5            Sixth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of November 28, 2014, between the Registrant and Bank of New York
                Mellon as Trustee

 2.6            Form of 4.500% Senior Notes Due 2034 (included in Exhibit 2.5)

 2.7            Indenture, dated as of December 6, 2017, between the Registrant and Bank of New York Mellon as Trustee

 2.8            Second Supplemental Indenture, dated as of December 6, 2017, between the Registrant and Bank of New York
                Mellon as Trustee

 2.9            Third Supplemental Indenture, dated as of December 6, 2017, between the Registrant and Bank of New York Mellon
                as Trustee

 2.10           Fourth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of December 6, 2017, between the Registrant and Bank of New York
                Mellon as Trustee

 2.11           Fifth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of December 6, 2017, between the Registrant and Bank of New York Mellon
                as Trustee

 2.12           Form of 3.400% Senior Notes Due 2027 (included in Exhibit 2.8)

 2.13           Form of 4.000% Senior Notes Due 2037 (included in Exhibit 2.9)

 2.14           Form of 4.200% Senior Notes Due 2047 (included in Exhibit 2.10)

 2.15           Form of 4.400% Senior Notes Due 2057 (included in Exhibit 2.11)

 2.16           Sixth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of February 9, 2021, between the Registrant and Bank of New York Mellon
                as Trustee

 2.17           Seventh Supplemental Indenture, dated as of February 9, 2021, between the Registrant and Bank of New York
                Mellon as Trustee

 2.18           Eighth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of February 9, 2021, between the Registrant and Bank of New York Mellon
                as Trustee




                                                                                                      Fiscal Year 2025 Annual Report   235
      Further Information



      Exhibit
      Number                                                      Description of Document
      2.19         Ninth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of February 9, 2021, between the Registrant and Bank of New York Mellon
                   as Trustee

      2.20         Form of 2.125% Senior Notes Due 2031 (included in Exhibit 2.16)

      2.21         Form of 2.700% Senior Notes Due 2041 (included in Exhibit 2.17)

      2.22         Form of 3.150% Senior Notes Due 2051 (included in Exhibit 2.18)

      2.23         Form of 3.250% Senior Notes Due 2061 (included in Exhibit 2.19)

      2.24         Indenture, dated as of May 29, 2024, between the Registrant and Citibank, N.A. as Trustee

      2.25         Form of 0.50% Convertible Senior Notes Due 2031 (included in Exhibit 2.24)

      2.26         Indenture, dated as of November 26, 2024, between the Registrant and Citibank, N.A. as Trustee

      2.27         First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of November 26, 2024, between the Registrant and Citibank, N.A. as Trustee

      2.28         Second Supplemental Indenture, dated as of November 26, 2024, between the Registrant and Citibank, N.A. as
                   Trustee
      2.29         Third Supplemental Indenture, dated as of November 26, 2024, between the Registrant and Citibank, N.A. as Trustee

      2.30         Form of 4.875% Notes Due 2030 (included in Exhibit 2.27)

      2.31         Form of 5.250% Notes Due 2035 (included in Exhibit 2.28)

      2.32         Form of 5.625% Notes Due 2054 (included in Exhibit 2.29)

      2.33         Indenture, dated as of November 28, 2024, between the Registrant and Citicorp International Limited as Trustee

      2.34         First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of November 28, 2024, between the Registrant and Citicorp International
                   Limited as Trustee
      2.35         Second Supplemental Indenture, dated as of November 28, 2024, between the Registrant and Citicorp International
                   Limited as Trustee
      2.36         Third Supplemental Indenture, dated as of November 28, 2024, between the Registrant and Citicorp International
                   Limited as Trustee
      2.37         Fourth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of November 28, 2024, between the Registrant and Citicorp International
                   Limited as Trustee
      2.38         Form of 2.65% Notes Due 2028 (included in Exhibit 2.34)

      2.39         Form of 2.80% Notes Due 2029 (included in Exhibit 2.35)

      2.40         Form of 3.10% Notes Due 2034 (included in Exhibit 2.36)

      2.41         Form of 3.50% Notes Due 2044 (included in Exhibit 2.37)

      2.42         Description of Securities Registered under Section 12 of the U.S. Exchange Act

      4.1          Form of Indemnification Agreement between the Registrant and its directors and executive officers

      4.2          Form of Employment Agreement between the Registrant and its executive officers

      4.3          Form of Share Retention Agreement between the Registrant and certain members of management




236   Alibaba Group Holding Limited
                                                                                             Further Information



Exhibit
Number                                                   Description of Document
4.4       Second Amended and Restated 2014 Post-IPO Equity Incentive Plan

4.5       2024 Equity Incentive Plan

4.6       2024 Equity Incentive Plan (Existing Shares)

4.7       Schedules of Material Differences of Contractual Arrangements of Representative Variable Interest Entities of the
          Registrant

4.8       English translation of Loan Agreement, between Hangzhou Zhenxi Investment Management Co., Ltd. and Zhejiang
          Tmall Technology Co., Ltd., dated January 10, 2018

4.9       English translation of Exclusive Call Option Agreement entered into by and among Hangzhou Zhenxi Investment
          Management Co., Ltd., Zhejiang Tmall Technology Co., Ltd. and Zhejiang Tmall Network Co., Ltd., dated January
          10, 2018

4.10      English translation of Shareholder’s Voting Rights Proxy Agreement entered into by and among Hangzhou Zhenxi
          Investment Management Co., Ltd., Zhejiang Tmall Technology Co., Ltd. and Zhejiang Tmall Network Co., Ltd.,
          dated January 10, 2018

4.11      English translation of Equity Pledge Agreement entered into by and among Hangzhou Zhenxi Investment
          Management Co., Ltd., Zhejiang Tmall Technology Co., Ltd. and Zhejiang Tmall Network Co., Ltd., dated January
          10, 2018

4.12      English translation of Exclusive Services Agreement entered into between Zhejiang Tmall Network Co., Ltd. and
          Zhejiang Tmall Technology Co., Ltd., dated January 10, 2018

4.13      Share and Asset Purchase Agreement by and among the Registrant, Zhejiang Ant Small and Micro Financial
          Services Group Co., Ltd. (currently known as Ant Group), Yahoo! Inc., SoftBank Corp. and the other Parties named
          therein, dated August 12, 2014

4.14      Amendment to Share and Asset Purchase Agreement by and among the Registrant, Ant Small and Micro Financial
          Services Group Co., Ltd. (currently known as Ant Group), SoftBank Group Corp., Jack Ma, Joseph C. Tsai, and the
          other Parties named therein, dated February 1, 2018

4.15      Second Amendment to Share and Asset Purchase Agreement by and among the Registrant, Ant Small and Micro
          Financial Services Group Co., Ltd. (currently known as Ant Group) and SoftBank Group Corp., dated September 23,
          2019

4.16      Third Amendment to Share and Asset Purchase Agreement by and among the Registrant, Ant Group Co., Ltd.,
          SoftBank Group Corp. and the other parties named therein, dated August 24, 2020

4.17      Fourth Amendment to Share and Asset Purchase Agreement by and among the Registrant, Ant Group Co., Ltd.,
          SoftBank Group Corp. and the other parties named therein, dated July 25, 2022

4.18      Amended and Restated Commercial Agreement by and among the Registrant, Ant Group Co., Ltd. and Alipay.com
          Co., Ltd., dated July 25, 2022

4.19      Second Amended and Restated Intellectual Property License and Software Technology Services Agreement by and
          among the Registrant, Ant Small and Micro Financial Services Group Co., Ltd. (currently known as Ant Group) and
          Alipay.com Co., Ltd., dated September 23, 2019

4.20      Cross License Agreement by and between the Registrant and Ant Small and Micro Financial Services Group Co.,
          Ltd. (currently known as Ant Group), dated September 23, 2019

4.21      Third Amendment and Restatement Agreement, dated May 16, 2023, in respect of a US$4,000,000,000 Facility
          Agreement dated March 9, 2016




                                                                                               Fiscal Year 2025 Annual Report   237
      Further Information



      Exhibit
      Number                                                       Description of Document
      4.22         Second Amendment and Restatement Agreement, dated May 16, 2023, in respect of a US$6,500,000,000 Facility
                   Agreement dated April 7, 2017

      4.23         Second Amendment and Restatement Agreement, dated January 4, 2024, in respect of a HK$7,653,750,000 Facility
                   Agreement, dated May 17, 2019, between Alibaba Group Services Limited, as Guarantor, and the other parties
                   named therein

      8.1          List of Subsidiaries and Consolidated Entities of the Registrant

      11.1         Code of Ethics of the Registrant

      11.2         Insider Trading Policy

      12.1         Principal Executive Officer Certification Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002

      12.2         Principal Financial Officer Certification Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002

      13.1         Principal Executive Officer Certification Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002

      13.2         Principal Financial Officer Certification Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002

      15.1         Consent of PricewaterhouseCoopers Zhong Tian LLP — Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm

      15.2         Consent of PricewaterhouseCoopers — Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm

      15.3         Consent of Fangda Partners

      15.4         Consent of Maples and Calder (Hong Kong) LLP

      15.5         Hong Kong Annual Report for Fiscal Year 2025 in English (adjusted version)

      97.1         Incentive Compensation Clawback Policy

      101.INS      Inline XBRL Instance Document-the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File as its XBRL
                   tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document

      101.SCH      Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema With Embedded Linkbase Documents

      104          Cover Page formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101




238   Alibaba Group Holding Limited
                                                                                                     Further Information



Forward Looking Statement
This annual report contains forward-looking statements. These statements are made under the “safe harbor” provision under Section
21E of the U.S. Exchange Act, and as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements
can be identified by words or phrases such as “may,” “will,” “expect,” “anticipate,” “future,” “aim,” “estimate,” “intend,” “seek,”
“plan,” “believe,” “potential,” “continue,” “ongoing,” “target,” “guidance,” “is/are likely to” or other similar expressions. The
forward-looking statements included in this annual report relate to, among others:

         •   our growth strategies and business plans;

         •   our future business development, results of operations and financial condition;

         •   trends and competition in commerce and cloud computing and the other industries in which we operate, both in China
             and globally, as well as trends in technology innovation, research and development and application, including AI
             technologies;
         •   our continuing investments in our businesses and infrastructure;
         •   expected changes in our revenues and certain cost and expense items and our margins;
         •   fluctuations in general economic and business conditions, such as inflation and interest rates, in China and globally;
         •   geopolitical tensions and national trade, investment, protectionist and other policies (including those relating to tariffs,
             export control and economic or trade sanctions, such as export control of chips) that could place restrictions on economic
             and commercial activities;
         •   the regulatory environment in which we and companies integral to our ecosystem operate in China and globally;
         •   expected results of regulatory investigations, litigations and other proceedings;
         •   our sustainability goals; and
         •   assumptions underlying or related to any of the foregoing.

Forward-looking statements involve inherent risks and uncertainties. A number of factors could cause actual results to differ
materially from those contained in any forward-looking statement. These factors include but are not limited to the following: our
corporate structure, including the VIE structure we use to operate certain businesses in the PRC; our ability to maintain the trusted
status of our ecosystem; our ability to compete, innovate and maintain or grow our revenue or business, including expanding our
international and cross-border businesses and operations, adopting new technologies, including AI technologies, and managing a large
and complex organization; risks associated with sustained investments in our businesses; fluctuations in general economic and
business conditions in China and globally; uncertainties arising from competition among countries and geopolitical tensions, including
national trade, investment, protectionist or other policies and export control, economic or trade sanctions; risks associated with our
strategic transactions; uncertainties and risks associated with a broad range of complex laws and regulations (including in the areas of
data security and privacy protection, anti-monopoly and anti-unfair competition, content regulation, consumer protection and
regulation of Internet platforms) in the PRC and globally; cybersecurity risks and assumptions underlying or related to any of the
foregoing. Please also see “Risk Factors.”

The forward-looking statements made in this annual report relate only to events or information as of the date on which the statements
are made in this annual report and are based on current expectations, assumptions, estimates and projections. We undertake no
obligation to update any forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date on which the statements are made
or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events. You should read this annual report and the documents that we have referred to in
this annual report completely and with the understanding that our actual future results may be materially different from what we
expect.




                                                                                                       Fiscal Year 2025 Annual Report       239
      Independent Auditor’s Report



      To the Shareholders of Alibaba Group Holding Limited
      (incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability)


      Opinion
      What we have audited

      The consolidated financial statements of Alibaba Group Holding Limited and its subsidiaries (the “Company”), which are
      set out on pages 244 to 321, comprise:

        •   the consolidated balance sheet as of March 31, 2025;
        •   the consolidated income statement for the year then ended;
        •   the consolidated statement of comprehensive income for the year then ended;
        •   the consolidated statement of changes in shareholders’ equity for the year then ended;
        •   the consolidated statement of cash flows for the year then ended; and
        •   the notes to the consolidated financial statements, which include significant accounting policies and other
            explanatory information.

      Our opinion

      In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements give a true and fair view of the consolidated financial position of the
      Company as of March 31, 2025, and of its consolidated financial performance and its consolidated cash flows for the year
      then ended in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (“U.S. GAAP”) and
      have been properly prepared in compliance with the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance.


      Basis for Opinion
      We conducted our audit in accordance with International Standards on Auditing (“ISAs”). Our responsibilities under those
      standards are further described in the Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements
      section of our report.

      We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.

      Independence

      We are independent of the Company in accordance with the International Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants
      (including International Independence Standards) issued by the International Ethics Standards Board for Accountants
      (“IESBA Code”), and we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with the IESBA Code.




240   Alibaba Group Holding Limited
                                                                               Independent Auditor’s Report


Key Audit Matters
Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgment, were of most significance in our audit of the
consolidated financial statements of the current period. These matters were addressed in the context of our audit of the
consolidated financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate opinion
on these matters.

The key audit matter identified in our audit is related to Impairment assessment on goodwill relating to a reporting unit
under Hujing Digital Media and Entertainment Group.

 Key Audit Matter                                       How our audit addressed the
                                                        Key Audit Matter
 Impairment assessment on goodwill
 relating to a reporting unit under Hujing
 Digital Media and Entertainment Group

  Refer to Note 2(y) and Note 17 to the consolidated    Our procedures to address this key audit matter included:
  financial statements
                                                        •   Obtaining an understanding of management’s internal
                                                            control and assessment process for the impairment
  The Company’s goodwill allocated to reporting
                                                            assessment on goodwill relating to a reporting unit under
  units under Hujing Digital Media and
                                                            Hujing Digital Media and Entertainment Group and
  Entertainment Group as of March 31, 2025 was
                                                            assessed the inherent risk of material misstatements by
  RMB8,031 million, most relating to one reporting
                                                            considering the degree of estimation uncertainty and level
  unit.
                                                            of other inherent risk factors such as subjectivity.
  Goodwill is tested for impairment on an annual        •   Evaluating and testing the effectiveness of controls relating
  basis, or more frequently if events or changes in         to management’s impairment assessment on goodwill
  circumstances indicate that it might be impaired.         relating to a reporting unit under Hujing Digital Media
  During the year ended March 31, 2025,                     and Entertainment Group, including controls relating to
  management has performed the quantitative                 fair value determination of the reporting unit.
  impairment test on goodwill relating to the
  reporting unit under Hujing Digital Media and         •   With the involvement of our valuation experts:
  Entertainment Group. No impairment charge was             - Evaluating the appropriateness of the valuation method;
  recognized on the goodwill relating to the
  reporting unit as a result of the impairment test.        - Evaluating the reasonableness of the significant
  The fair value of the reporting unit was                    assumptions related to the future growth rates by
  determined based on the discounted cash flow                considering the past performance of the reporting unit,
  analysis using the assumptions including the                and the consistency with external market, economic
  future growth rates and the weighted average cost           and industry data; and
  of capital.                                               - Evaluating the reasonableness of the significant
                                                              assumption related to the weighted average cost of
  We focus on this area because the impairment                capital used in the valuation by considering the
  assessment on goodwill relating to a reporting              weighted average cost of capital of comparable
  unit under Hujing Digital Media and                         businesses and the consistency with external market,
  Entertainment Group involves significant                    economic and industry data.
  judgment and estimation used by management
  when determining the fair value of the reporting      •   Testing the completeness, mathematical accuracy and
  unit. Auditing the impairment assessment on               relevance of the key underlying data used in the valuation.
  goodwill relating to the reporting unit required a    We found that the assumptions adopted and estimations made
  high degree of auditor judgment, subjectivity and     by management were supported by the evidence we gathered
  significant extent of effort with the use of          and were consistent with our understanding.
  professionals with specialized skill and
  knowledge.




                                                                                            Fiscal Year 2025 Annual Report   241
      Independent Auditor’s Report


      Other Information
      The directors of Alibaba Group Holding Limited are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises
      all of the information included in the annual report other than the consolidated financial statements and our auditor’s report
      thereon.

      Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not express any form
      of assurance conclusion thereon.

      In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other information
      and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the consolidated financial
      statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit, or otherwise appears to be materially misstated.

      If, based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other information, we
      are required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.


      Responsibilities of Directors and the Audit Committee for the Consolidated Financial
      Statements
      The directors of Alibaba Group Holding Limited are responsible for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements
      that give a true and fair view in accordance with U.S. GAAP and the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies
      Ordinance, and for such internal control as the directors determine is necessary to enable the preparation of consolidated
      financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.

      In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the directors are required to evaluate whether there are conditions or
      events, considered in the aggregate, that raise substantial doubt about the Company’s ability to continue as a going concern
      for one year after the date the consolidated financial statements are available to be issued.

      The Audit Committee is responsible for overseeing the Company’s financial reporting process.


      Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements
      Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements as a whole are free
      from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that includes our opinion. We
      report our opinion solely to you, as a body, and for no other purpose. We do not assume responsibility towards or accept
      liability to any other person for the contents of this report. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a
      guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with ISAs will always detect a material misstatement when it exists.
      Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could
      reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these consolidated financial
      statements.

      As part of an audit in accordance with ISAs, we exercise professional judgment and maintain professional scepticism
      throughout the audit. We also:
          •   Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to fraud
              or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is sufficient
              and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from
              fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions,
              misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.
          •   Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are
              appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the
              Company’s internal control.
          •   Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and
              related disclosures made by the directors.




242   Alibaba Group Holding Limited
                                                                                 Independent Auditor’s Report


    •   Conclude on the appropriateness of the directors’ use of the going concern basis of accounting and, based on the
        audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that may cast
        substantial doubt on the Company’s ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a material uncertainty
        exists, we are required to draw attention in our auditor’s report to the related disclosures in the consolidated
        financial statements or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the
        audit evidence obtained up to the date of our auditor’s report. However, future events or conditions may cause the
        Company to cease to continue as a going concern.
    •   Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the consolidated financial statements, including the
        disclosures, and whether the consolidated financial statements represent the underlying transactions and events in
        a manner that achieves fair presentation.
    •   Plan and perform the group audit to obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information
        of the entities or business units within the Company as a basis for forming an opinion on the consolidated financial
        statements. We are responsible for the direction, supervision and review of the audit work performed for purposes
        of the group audit. We remain solely responsible for our audit opinion.

We communicate with the Audit Committee regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of the audit and
significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify during our audit.

We also provide the Audit Committee with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical requirements regarding
independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may reasonably be thought to bear
on our independence, and where applicable, actions taken to eliminate threats or safeguards applied.

From the matters communicated with the Audit Committee, we determine those matters that were of most significance in
the audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period and are therefore the key audit matters. We describe
these matters in our auditor’s report unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure about the matter or when, in
extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be communicated in our report because the adverse
consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest benefits of such communication.



The engagement partner on the audit resulting in this independent auditor’s report is Shin Wai Kit Ricky.




PricewaterhouseCoopers
Certified Public Accountants

Hong Kong, June 26, 2025




                                                                                              Fiscal Year 2025 Annual Report    243
      Consolidated Income Statements

                                                                                              Year ended March 31,
                                                                           2023              2024                               2025
                                                                           RMB               RMB               RMB                        US$
                                                                                                                                       (Note 2(a))
                                                                                         (in millions, except per share data)
                                                              Notes
      Revenue                                                 5, 24         868,687           941,168               996,347                137,300
      Cost of revenue                                          24          (549,695)         (586,323)             (598,285)               (82,446)
      Product development expenses                             24           (56,744)          (52,256)              (57,151)                (7,876)
      Sales and marketing expenses                             24          (103,496)         (115,141)             (144,021)               (19,847)
      General and administrative expenses                      24           (42,183)          (41,985)              (44,239)                (6,096)
      Amortization and impairment of
         intangible assets                                                  (13,504)             (21,592)            (6,336)                  (873)
      Impairment of goodwill                                   17            (2,714)             (10,521)            (6,171)                  (850)
      Other gains, net                                                           —                    —                 761                    105
      Income from operations                                                100,351              113,350            140,905                 19,417
      Interest and investment income, net                                   (11,071)              (9,964)            20,759                  2,861
      Interest expense                                                       (5,918)              (7,947)            (9,596)                (1,323)
      Other income, net                                        24             5,823                6,157              3,387                    467
      Income before income tax and
        share of results of equity
        method investees                                                      89,185             101,596            155,455                 21,422
      Income tax expenses                                       7            (15,549)            (22,529)           (35,445)                (4,884)
      Share of results of equity
        method investees                                                     (8,063)              (7,735)             5,966                    822
      Net income                                                             65,573               71,332            125,976                 17,360
      Net loss attributable to
        noncontrolling interests                                               7,210               8,677                4,133                   569
      Net income attributable to
        Alibaba Group Holding
        Limited                                                              72,783               80,009            130,109                 17,929
      Accretion of mezzanine equity                                            (274)                (268)              (639)                   (88)
      Net income attributable to
        ordinary shareholders                                                72,509               79,741            129,470                 17,841
      Earnings per share attributable
        to ordinary shareholders                                9
          Basic                                                                   3.46              3.95                 6.89                  0.95
          Diluted                                                                 3.43              3.91                 6.70                  0.92
      Earnings per ADS attributable to
        ordinary shareholders (one
        ADS equals eight ordinary
        shares)                                                 9
          Basic                                                                27.65               31.61                55.12                  7.60
          Diluted                                                              27.46               31.24                53.59                  7.38
      Weighted average number of
        shares used in computing
        earnings per share (million
        shares)                                                 9
          Basic                                                              20,980               20,182              18,791
          Diluted                                                            21,114               20,359              19,318

      The accompanying notes form an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.




244   Alibaba Group Holding Limited
                  Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income

                                                                                        Year ended March 31,
                                                                      2023             2024                        2025
                                                                      RMB              RMB              RMB                  US$
                                                                                                                          (Note 2(a))
                                                                                             (in millions)
Net income                                                               65,573            71,332            125,976           17,360
Other comprehensive income (loss):
   - Foreign currency translation:
      Change in unrealized gains (losses), net of tax                    22,332            13,502               (512)               (70)
   - Share of other comprehensive income of equity
   method investees:
      Change in unrealized gains                                          1,493              980                239                     33
   - Interest rate swaps under hedge accounting and
   others:
      Change in unrealized gains (losses)                                    10               (97)                82               11
Other comprehensive income (loss)                                        23,835            14,385               (191)             (26)
Total comprehensive income                                               89,408            85,717            125,785           17,334
Total comprehensive loss attributable to noncontrolling
interests                                                                 6,480             8,364              4,183               576
Total comprehensive income attributable to ordinary
shareholders                                                             95,888            94,081            129,968           17,910

The accompanying notes form an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.




                                                                                                     Fiscal Year 2025 Annual Report          245
      Consolidated Balance Sheets

                                                                                                        As of March 31,
                                                                                            2024                          2025
                                                                                            RMB             RMB                     US$
                                                                                                                                 (Note 2(a))
                                                                                                         (in millions)
                                                                               Notes
      Assets
      Current assets:
         Cash and cash equivalents                                             2(p)           248,125         145,487                 20,049
         Short-term investments                                                2(q)           262,955         228,826                 31,533
         Restricted cash and escrow receivables                                 10             38,299          43,781                  6,033
         Equity securities and other investments                                11             59,949          53,780                  7,411
         Prepayments, receivables and other assets                              13            143,536         202,175                 27,860
      Total current assets                                                                    752,864         674,049                 92,886
      Equity securities and other investments                                    11           220,942         356,818                 49,171
      Prepayments, receivables and other assets                                  13           116,102          83,431                 11,497
      Investments in equity method investees                                     14           203,131         210,169                 28,962
      Property and equipment, net                                                15           185,161         203,348                 28,022
      Intangible assets, net                                                     16            26,950          20,911                  2,882
      Goodwill                                                                   17           259,679         255,501                 35,209
      Total assets                                                                          1,764,829       1,804,227                248,629

      Liabilities, mezzanine equity and shareholders’ equity
      Current liabilities:
        Current bank borrowings                                                  21           12,749           22,562                   3,109
        Current unsecured senior notes                                           22           16,252               —                       —
        Income tax payable                                                                     9,068           11,638                   1,604
        Accrued expenses, accounts payable and other liabilities                19           297,883          332,537                  45,825
        Merchant deposits                                                     2(ac)           12,737              274                      37
        Deferred revenue and customer advances                                  18            72,818           68,335                   9,417
      Total current liabilities                                                              421,507          435,346                  59,992
      Deferred revenue                                                           18            4,069            4,536                     625
      Deferred tax liabilities                                                    7           53,012           48,454                   6,677
      Non-current bank borrowings                                                21           55,686           49,909                   6,878
      Non-current unsecured senior notes                                         22           86,089          122,398                  16,867
      Non-current convertible unsecured senior notes                             23               —            35,834                   4,938
      Other liabilities                                                          19           31,867           17,644                   2,432
      Total liabilities                                                                      652,230          714,121                  98,409

      The accompanying notes form an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.




246   Alibaba Group Holding Limited
                                                                                           Consolidated Balance Sheets


                                                                                                    As of March 31,
                                                                                      2024                            2025
                                                                                      RMB               RMB                     US$
                                                                                                                             (Note 2(a))
                                                                                                     (in millions)
                                                                          Notes
Commitments and contingencies                                            26, 27
Mezzanine equity                                                                           10,728           11,713                  1,613
Shareholders’ equity:
  Ordinary shares, US$0.000003125 par value; 32,000,000,000
    shares authorized as of March 31, 2024 and 2025;
    19,469,126,956 and 18,474,235,708 shares issued and
    outstanding as of March 31, 2024 and 2025 respectively                                   1                  1                      —
  Additional paid-in capital                                                           397,999            381,379                  52,555
  Treasury shares, at cost                                                2(af)        (27,684)           (36,329)                 (5,006)
  Statutory reserves                                                      2(ag)         14,733             15,936                   2,196
  Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss)
     Cumulative translation adjustments                                                   3,635             3,286                    453
     Unrealized (losses) gains on interest rate swaps and others                            (37)              107                     15
  Retained earnings                                                                     597,897           645,478                 88,949
Total shareholders’ equity                                                              986,544         1,009,858                139,162
Noncontrolling interests                                                                115,327            68,535                  9,445
Total equity                                                                          1,101,871         1,078,393                148,607
Total liabilities, mezzanine equity and equity                                        1,764,829         1,804,227                248,629

The accompanying notes form an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.




                                                                                                     Fiscal Year 2025 Annual Report          247
248
                                Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders’ Equity
                                                                                                                                                                                     Accumulated other
                                                                                      Ordinary shares                                                                           comprehensive income (loss)
                                                                                                                                                                                                  Unrealized
                                                                                                                                                                                                 gains (losses)
                                                                                                                                                                                                       on
                                                                                                             Additional                                                       Cumulative            interest                        Total
                                                                                                              paid-in        Treasury      Subscription     Statutory         translation         rate swaps      Retained      shareholders’     Noncontrolling     Total
                                                                                   Share            Amount    capital         shares        receivables      reserves        adjustments          and others      earnings         equity           interests        equity
                                                                                                     RMB       RMB             RMB             RMB            RMB                RMB                 RMB           RMB              RMB               RMB            RMB
                                                                                                                                                            (in millions, except per share data)




Alibaba Group Holding Limited
                                Balance as of April 1, 2022                     21,357,323,112           1      410,506         (2,221 )            (46 )        9,839             (33,184 )                 27     563,557           948,479            124,059      1,072,538
                                Foreign currency translation adjustment                     —            —           —              —                (3 )            —              21,236                    1          —             21,234              1,095         22,329
                                Share of additional paid-in capital and other
                                  comprehensive income of equity
                                  method investees                                          —            —        (1,031 )          —                —              —               1,472                   21           —                462                 (4 )            458
                                Change in fair value of interest rate swaps
                                  under hedge accounting and others                         —            —            —             —                —              —                  —                    10           —                  10                —              10
                                Net income for the year                                     —            —            —             —                —              —                  —                    —        72,783             72,783            (7,575 )       65,208
                                Acquisition of subsidiaries                                 —            —            —             —                —              —                  —                    —            —                  —                 38             38
                                Issuance of shares, including vesting of RSUs
                                  and early exercised options and exercise
                                  of share options                                 201,547,520           —           11             —                —             —                   —                    —            —                 11                 —              11
                                Repurchase and retirement of ordinary shares    (1,039,252,920 )         —      (13,990 )      (26,542 )             —             —                   —                    —       (34,174 )         (74,706 )               —         (74,706 )
                                Transactions with noncontrolling interests                  —            —       (3,987 )           —                —             —                   —                    —            —             (3,987 )            1,673         (2,314 )
                                Amortization of compensation cost                           —            —       25,134             —                —             —                   —                    —            —             25,134              5,462         30,596
                                Equity-settled donation                              6,400,000           —          511             —                —             —                   —                    —            —                511                 —             511
                                Appropriation to statutory reserves                         —            —           —              —                —          3,138                  —                    —        (3,138 )              —                  —              —
                                Others                                                      —            —         (274 )           —                —             —                   —                    —            —               (274 )           (1,342 )       (1,616 )
                                Balance as of March 31, 2023                    20,526,017,712           1      416,880        (28,763 )            (49 )      12,977             (10,476 )                 59      599,028           989,657            123,406      1,113,063



                                The accompanying notes form an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.
                                 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders’ Equity

                                                                                                                                                                                         Accumulated other
                                                                                       Ordinary shares                                                                              comprehensive income (loss)
                                                                                                                                                                                                      Unrealized
                                                                                                                                                                                                     gains (losses)
                                                                                                                                                                                                           on
                                                                                                                  Additional                                                      Cumulative            interest                         Total
                                                                                                                   paid-in       Treasury      Subscription     Statutory         translation         rate swaps       Retained      shareholders’      Noncontrolling     Total
                                                                                    Share            Amount        capital        shares        receivables      reserves        adjustments          and others       earnings         equity            interests        equity
                                                                                                      RMB           RMB            RMB             RMB            RMB                RMB                 RMB            RMB              RMB                RMB            RMB
                                                                                                                                                                (in millions, except per share data)
                                 Balance as of April 1, 2023                     20,526,017,712               1      416,880       (28,763 )            (49 )       12,977             (10,476 )                 59      599,028           989,657             123,406      1,113,063
                                 Foreign currency translation adjustment,
                                   net of tax                                                —            —               —             —                (3 )           —              13,006                    2            —              13,005                494         13,499
                                 Share of additional paid-in capital and other
                                   comprehensive income of equity
                                   method investees                                          —            —             (298 )          —                —              —                 981                   (1 )          —                 682                 —               682
                                 Change in fair value of interest rate swaps
                                   under hedge accounting and others                         —            —               —             —                —              —                  —                   (97 )          —                 (97 )               —             (97 )
                                 Net income for the year                                     —            —               —             —                —              —                  —                    —         80,009             80,009             (8,858 )       71,151
                                 Acquisition of subsidiaries                                 —            —               —             —                —              —                  —                    —             —                  —                  98             98
                                 Deconsolidation of subsidiaries                             —            —               —             —                —              —                 124                   —             —                 124                 24            148
                                 Issuance of shares, including vesting of RSUs
                                   and early exercised options and exercise
                                   of share options                                 192,305,904           —              842            —                —             —                   —                    —             —                842                  —             842
                                 Repurchase and retirement of ordinary shares    (1,249,196,660 )         —          (29,313 )       1,079               —             —                   —                    —        (60,842 )         (89,076 )                —         (89,076 )
                                 Transactions with noncontrolling interests                  —            —           (1,375 )          —                —             —                   —                    —             —             (1,375 )            (5,349 )       (6,724 )
                                 Amortization of compensation cost                           —            —           11,531            —                —             —                   —                    —             —             11,531               5,862         17,393
                                 Declaration of dividends                                    —            —               —             —                —             —                   —                    —        (18,542 )         (18,542 )                —         (18,542 )
                                 Appropriation to statutory reserves                         —            —               —             —                —          1,756                  —                    —         (1,756 )              —                   —              —
                                 Others                                                      —            —             (268 )          —                52            —                   —                    —             —               (216 )              (350 )         (566 )
                                 Balance as of March 31, 2024                    19,469,126,956           1          397,999       (27,684 )             —         14,733               3,635                  (37 )     597,897           986,544             115,327      1,101,871



                                 The accompanying notes form an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.




Fiscal Year 2025 Annual Report
249
250
                                Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders’ Equity

                                                                                                                                                                           Accumulated other
                                                                                            Ordinary shares                                                           comprehensive income (loss)
                                                                                                                                                                                         Unrealized
                                                                                                                                                                                        gains (losses)
                                                                                                                                                                                              on
                                                                                                                   Additional                                       Cumulative             interest                             Total
                                                                                                                    paid-in        Treasury      Statutory          translation          rate swaps         Retained        shareholders’     Noncontrolling      Total
                                                                                         Share            Amount    capital         shares        reserves         adjustments           and others         earnings           equity           interests         equity
                                                                                                           RMB       RMB             RMB           RMB                  RMB                 RMB              RMB                RMB               RMB             RMB
                                                                                                                                                              (in millions, except per share data)




Alibaba Group Holding Limited
                                Balance as of April 1, 2024                           19,469,126,956           1       397,999       (27,684 )         14,733               3,635                   (37 )       597,897          986,544              115,327         1,101,871
                                Foreign currency translation adjustment, net of tax               —            —            —             —                —                 (183 )                   1              —              (182 )                 14              (168 )
                                Share of additional paid-in capital and other
                                  comprehensive income of equity
                                  method investees                                                —            —           (53 )          —                 —                 178                    61                —              186                  —                   186
                                Change in fair value of interest rate swaps
                                  under hedge accounting and others                               —            —            —             —                 —                  —                     82              —                82                   —                    82
                                Net investment hedges                                             —            —            —             —                 —                (344 )                  —               —              (344 )                 —                  (344 )
                                Net income for the year                                           —            —            —             —                 —                  —                     —          130,109          130,109               (4,197 )            125,912
                                Acquisition of subsidiaries                                       —            —            —             —                 —                  —                     —               —                —                   587                  587
                                Deconsolidation of subsidiaries                                   —            —            —             —                 —                  —                     —               —                —               (16,251 )            (16,251 )
                                Issuance of shares, including vesting of RSUs
                                  and early exercised options and exercise
                                  of share options                                       202,166,984           —             8            —                —                   —                     —               —                  8                  —                  8
                                Repurchase and retirement of ordinary shares          (1,197,058,232 )         —       (25,020 )      (8,645 )             —                   —                     —          (51,985 )         (85,650 )                —            (85,650 )
                                Transactions with noncontrolling interests                        —            —           794            —                —                   —                     —               —                794             (25,629 )         (24,835 )
                                Amortization of compensation cost                                 —            —        10,518            —                —                   —                     —               —             10,518               3,278            13,796
                                Declaration of dividends                                          —            —            —             —                —                   —                     —          (29,340 )         (29,340 )                —            (29,340 )
                                Capped call transactions                                          —            —        (4,612 )          —                —                   —                     —               —             (4,612 )                —             (4,612 )
                                Appropriation to statutory reserves                               —            —            —             —             1,203                                        —           (1,203 )              —                   —                 —
                                Others                                                            —            —         1,745            —                —                   —                     —               —              1,745              (4,594 )          (2,849 )
                                Balance as of March 31, 2025                          18,474,235,708           1       381,379       (36,329 )         15,936               3,286                   107         645,478         1,009,858              68,535         1,078,393



                                The accompanying notes form an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.
                                                   Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows

                                                                                             Year ended March 31,
                                                                         2023              2024                         2025
                                                                         RMB               RMB               RMB                  US$
                                                                                                                               (Note 2(a))
                                                                                                 (in millions)
Cash flows from operating activities:
Net income                                                                 65,573             71,332             125,976             17,360
Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by
  operating activities:
   Revaluation gain on previously held equity interest                         —                  —                  (628)               (87)
   Loss on disposals of equity method investees                                72                 10                   27                  4
   Loss (Gain) related to equity securities and other investments          14,911             23,480              (28,652)            (3,948)
   Change in fair value of other assets and liabilities                    (1,522)              (708)                 590                 81
   (Gain) Loss on disposals of subsidiaries                                   (14)            (1,550)              21,509              2,964
   Depreciation and impairment of property and equipment, and
     operating lease cost relating to land use rights                      27,799             26,640              29,260               4,032
   Amortization of intangible assets and licensed copyrights               19,139             17,864              13,199               1,819
   Equity-settled share-based compensation expense                         30,831             18,546              13,970               1,925
   Equity-settled donation expense                                            511                 —                   —                   —
   Impairment of equity securities and other investments                   13,327             12,244               8,801               1,213
   Impairment of goodwill, intangible assets and licensed copyrights        6,658             22,610               6,805                 937
   Gain on disposals of property and equipment                               (163)              (107)               (784)               (108)
   Share of results of equity method investees                              8,063              7,735              (5,966)               (822)
   Deferred income taxes                                                   (1,717)            (5,263)                374                  52
   Allowance for doubtful accounts                                          2,802              3,509               3,016                 416
Changes in assets and liabilities, net of effects of acquisitions and
  disposals:
   Prepayments, receivables and other assets, and long-term
     licensed copyrights                                                    8,605           (37,621)             (50,590)            (6,972)
   Income tax payable                                                      (9,214)           (4,764)               1,968                271
   Accrued expenses, accounts payable and other liabilities                11,159            27,126               25,873              3,565
   Merchant deposits                                                       (1,450)             (560)             (12,463)            (1,717)
   Deferred revenue and customer advances                                   4,382             2,070               11,224              1,547
Net cash provided by operating activities                                 199,752           182,593              163,509             22,532
Cash flows from investing activities:
(Increase) Decrease in short-term investments, net                         (61,086)           71,426               23,395             3,224
Increase in other treasury investments, net                                (40,794)          (64,392)            (126,041)          (17,369)
Settlement of forward exchange contracts, net                                1,282               658                 (335)              (46)
Acquisitions of equity securities and other investments, and
  other assets                                                             (17,818)          (15,240)             (10,342)            (1,425)
Disposals of equity securities and other investments, and other assets      21,738            21,966               18,214              2,510
Acquisitions of equity method investees                                     (4,552)           (3,525)              (3,822)              (527)
Disposals of and distributions from equity method investees                  1,001             1,265                1,520                209
Acquisitions of:
   Land use rights, property and equipment                                 (34,330)          (32,087)             (85,972)          (11,847)
   Intangible assets                                                           (22)             (842)                  —                 —
Disposals of property and equipment                                            644               373                2,428               335
Cash (paid) received for business combinations, net of cash acquired        (1,204)           (2,204)                 353                49
Deconsolidation and disposal of subsidiaries, net of cash proceeds              (5)              699               (5,077)             (699)
Loans to employees, net of repayments                                         (360)               79                  264                35
Net cash used in investing activities                                     (135,506)          (21,824)            (185,415)          (25,551)

The accompanying notes form an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.




                                                                                                        Fiscal Year 2025 Annual Report          251
      Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows


                                                                                                  Year ended March 31,
                                                                              2023               2024                       2025
                                                                              RMB                RMB             RMB                  US$
                                                                                                                                   (Note 2(a))
                                                                                                      (in millions)
      Cash flows from financing activities:
      Issuance of ordinary shares                                                   11                843                  10                1
      Repurchase of ordinary shares                                            (74,746)           (88,745)            (86,662)         (11,942)
      Dividend distribution                                                         —             (17,946)            (29,077)          (4,007)
      Proceeds from convertible unsecured senior notes, net of debt
        issuance cost                                                                 —                —               35,665             4,915
      Payments for capped call transactions                                           —                —               (4,612)             (636)
      Acquisition of additional equity interests in non-wholly owned
        subsidiaries                                                             (2,511)           (5,821)            (21,949)           (3,025)
      Dividends paid by non-wholly owned subsidiaries to
        noncontrolling interests                                                     (489)           (546)               (664)               (91)
      Contingent consideration payments made after a business
        combination                                                               (144)               (71)               (197)             (27)
      Capital injection from noncontrolling interests                              918              1,577               2,402              331
      Proceeds from bank borrowings and other borrowings                        22,790             20,570              52,788            7,275
      Repayment of bank borrowings                                             (11,448)           (13,092)            (43,678)          (6,019)
      Proceeds from unsecured senior notes, net of debt issuance cost               —                  —               35,979            4,958
      Repayment of unsecured senior notes                                           —              (5,013)            (16,220)          (2,235)
      Net cash used in financing activities                                    (65,619)          (108,244)            (76,215)         (10,502)
      Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents,
        restricted cash and escrow receivables                                    3,530             4,389                965                133
      Increase (Decrease) in cash and cash equivalents, restricted cash
        and escrow receivables                                                    2,157            56,914             (97,156)         (13,388)
      Cash and cash equivalents, restricted cash and escrow
        receivables at beginning of year                                       227,353            229,510             286,424           39,470
      Cash and cash equivalents, restricted cash and escrow
        receivables at end of year                                             229,510            286,424             189,268           26,082

      The accompanying notes form an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.




252   Alibaba Group Holding Limited
                                                                       Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows


Supplemental disclosures of cash flow information:

Payment of income tax

Income tax paid was RMB26,476 million, RMB32,486 million and RMB33,409 million for the years ended March 31, 2023, 2024 and
2025, respectively.

Payment of interest

Interest paid was RMB5,637 million, RMB7,832 million and RMB8,866 million for the years ended March 31, 2023, 2024 and 2025,
respectively.

Business combinations

                                                                                                Year ended March 31,
                                                                                  2023                  2024             2025
                                                                                  RMB                  RMB               RMB
                                                                                                    (in millions)
Cash paid for business combinations                                                   (1,254)             (2,325)               (612)
Cash acquired in business combinations                                                    50                 121                 965
                                                                                      (1,204)             (2,204)                353

The accompanying notes form an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.




                                                                                                     Fiscal Year 2025 Annual Report     253
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      (For the Years Ended March 31, 2023, 2024 and 2025)


      1.   Organization and principal activities

           Alibaba Group Holding Limited (the “Company”) is a limited liability company, which was incorporated in the Cayman Islands
           on June 28, 1999. The Company is a holding company and conducts its businesses primarily through its subsidiaries. In these
           consolidated financial statements, where appropriate, the term “Company” also refers to its subsidiaries as a whole. The Company
           provides the technology infrastructure and marketing reach to help merchants, brands, retailers and other businesses to leverage
           the power of new technology to engage with their users and customers and operate in a more efficient way.

           The Company’s businesses comprise Taobao and Tmall Group, Alibaba International Digital Commerce Group, Cloud
           Intelligence Group, Cainiao Smart Logistics Network Limited, Local Services Group, Hujing Digital Media and Entertainment
           Group (formerly known as Digital Media and Entertainment Group) and All others. An ecosystem has developed around the
           Company’s platforms and businesses that consists of consumers, merchants, brands, retailers, third-party service providers,
           strategic alliance partners and other businesses.

           Taobao and Tmall Group is comprised of (i) China commerce retail business and (ii) China commerce wholesale business. China
           commerce retail business mainly consists of Taobao and Tmall, the Company’s digital retail business in China, Tmall
           Supermarket, Tmall Global, as well as Xianyu, a consumer-to-consumer community and marketplace for idle goods in China.
           China commerce wholesale business mainly includes 1688.com, an integrated domestic wholesale marketplace in China.

           Alibaba International Digital Commerce Group is comprised of (i) International commerce retail business and (ii) International
           commerce wholesale business. International commerce retail business mainly includes AliExpress, a global e-commerce platform,
           Trendyol, an e-commerce platform in Türkiye, Lazada, an e-commerce platform in Southeast Asia, and Daraz, an e-commerce
           platform across South Asia with key markets in Pakistan and Bangladesh. International commerce wholesale business mainly
           includes Alibaba.com, an integrated international online wholesale marketplace.

           Cloud Intelligence Group offers a comprehensive suite of cloud services based on a three-tiered architecture of infrastructure-as-
           a-service (IaaS), platform-as-a-service (PaaS) and model-as-a-service (MaaS) to customers worldwide.

           Cainiao Smart Logistics Network Limited (“Cainiao”) has established a smart logistics network, with end-to-end logistics
           capabilities, on a global scale. Cainiao controls the key nodes of the logistics network to ensure service quality, efficiency and
           reliability, while leveraging trusted partners' capabilities to drive scalability and capital efficiency. Cainiao provides a wide array
           of innovative logistics solutions in China and around the world, serving both the Company's e-commerce businesses as well as
           third parties.

           Local Services Group is comprised of Ele.me, a local services and on-demand delivery platform in China, and Amap, the provider
           of mobile digital map, navigation and real-time traffic information in China.

           Hujing Digital Media and Entertainment Group is comprised of Youku, an online long-form video platform in China, and Damai
           Entertainment (formerly known as Alibaba Pictures), which provides content production, promotion and distribution,
           performance and event ticketing management, IP-related licensing and operations, cinema ticketing management and Internet data
           services for the entertainment industry.

           All other businesses include Freshippo, Alibaba Health, Lingxi Games, Intelligent Information Platform (which mainly consists
           of UCWeb and Quark businesses), Fliggy, DingTalk, Sun Art, Intime and other businesses. As of March 31, 2025, the sale of Sun
           Art was completed and the sale of Intime was substantially completed. Details of the disposals are set out in Note 4(b) and Note
           4(c) respectively.

           The Company’s American depositary shares (“ADSs”) have been listed on the New York Stock Exchange (“NYSE”) under the
           symbol of “BABA” and the Company’s ordinary shares have been listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange (“HKSE”) under the
           codes “9988 (HKD Counter)” and “89988 (RMB Counter).”




254   Alibaba Group Holding Limited
                                                                      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                   (For the Years Ended March 31, 2023, 2024 and 2025)


2.   Summary of significant accounting policies

(a) Basis of presentation

     The accompanying consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in
     the United States of America (“U.S. GAAP”).

     Translations of balances in the consolidated balance sheet, consolidated income statement, consolidated statement of
     comprehensive income and consolidated statement of cash flows from RMB into the US$ as of and for the year ended March 31,
     2025 are solely for the convenience of the readers and are calculated at the rate of US$1.00=RMB7.2567, representing the
     exchange rate set forth in the H.10 statistical release of the Federal Reserve Board on March 31, 2025. No representation is made
     that the RMB amounts could have been, or could be, converted, realized or settled into US$ at this rate, or at any other rate.

(b) Use of estimates

     The preparation of the consolidated financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires the Company to make estimates
     and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities as of the
     date of the consolidated financial statements and the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the reporting period. The
     Company bases its estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that are believed to be reasonable, the
     results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities.

(c) Consolidation

     The consolidated financial statements include the financial statements of the Company and its subsidiaries, which include the
     PRC-registered entities directly or indirectly owned by the Company (“WFOEs”) and variable interest entities (“VIEs”) over
     which the Company is the primary beneficiary for accounting purposes only. All transactions and balances among the Company,
     its subsidiaries and the VIEs have been eliminated upon consolidation. The results of subsidiaries acquired or disposed of are
     recorded in the consolidated income statements from the effective date of acquisition or up to the effective date of disposal, as
     appropriate.

     A subsidiary is an entity in which (i) the Company directly or indirectly controls more than 50% of the voting power; or (ii) the
     Company has the power to appoint or remove the majority of the members of the board of directors or to cast a majority of votes
     at the meetings of the board of directors or to govern the financial and operating policies of the investee pursuant to a statute or
     under an agreement among the shareholders or equity holders. A VIE is required to be consolidated by the primary beneficiary of
     the entity if the equity holders in the entity do not have the characteristics of a controlling financial interest or do not have
     sufficient equity at risk for the entity to finance its activities without additional subordinated financial support from other parties.

     Due to legal restrictions on foreign ownership and investment in, among other areas, value-added telecommunications services,
     which include the operations of Internet content providers, the Company operates its Internet businesses and other businesses in
     which foreign investment is restricted or prohibited in the PRC through various contractual arrangements with PRC domestic
     companies that are incorporated in the PRC and owned by PRC citizens or by PRC entities owned and/or controlled by PRC
     citizens. Specifically, these representative PRC domestic companies are Zhejiang Taobao Network Co., Ltd., Zhejiang Tmall
     Network Co., Ltd., Shanghai Rajax Information Technology Co., Ltd., Alibaba Cloud Computing Ltd. and Hujing Culture
     Entertainment Co., Ltd. (formerly known as Alibaba Culture Entertainment Co., Ltd.). The registered capital of these PRC
     domestic companies was funded by the Company through loans extended to the equity holders of these PRC domestic companies.

     The Company has entered into certain exclusive services agreements with these PRC domestic companies, which entitle it to
     receive substantially all of the profits of the PRC domestic companies. In addition, the Company has entered into certain
     agreements with the equity holders of these PRC domestic companies, including loan agreements that require them to contribute
     registered capital to those PRC domestic companies, exclusive call option agreements to acquire the equity interests in these
     companies when permitted by the PRC laws, rules and regulations, equity pledge agreements of the equity interests held by those
     equity holders, and proxy agreements that irrevocably authorize individuals designated by the Company to exercise the equity
     owner’s rights over these PRC domestic companies.




                                                                                                           Fiscal Year 2025 Annual Report       255
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      (For the Years Ended March 31, 2023, 2024 and 2025)


      2.   Summary of significant accounting policies (Continued)

      (c) Consolidation (Continued)

           Details of the typical structure of the Company’s representative VIEs are set forth below:

               Loan agreements

               Pursuant to the relevant loan agreements, the respective WFOEs have granted loans to the equity holders of the VIEs, which
               may only be used for the purpose of its business operation activities agreed by the WFOEs or the acquisition of the relevant
               VIEs. The WFOEs may require acceleration of repayment at their absolute discretion. When the equity holders of the VIEs
               make early repayment of the outstanding amount, the WFOEs or a third-party designated by the WFOEs may purchase the
               equity interests in the VIEs at a price equal to the outstanding amount of the loan, subject to any applicable PRC laws, rules
               and regulations. The equity holders of the VIEs undertake not to enter into any prohibited transactions in relation to the VIEs,
               including the transfer of any business, material assets or equity interests in the VIEs to any third party.

               Exclusive call option agreements

               The equity holders of the VIEs have granted the WFOEs exclusive call options to purchase their equity interest in the VIEs at
               an exercise price equal to the higher of (i) the paid-in registered capital in the VIEs; and (ii) the minimum price as permitted
               by applicable PRC laws. Each relevant VIE has further granted the relevant WFOE an exclusive call option to purchase its
               assets at an exercise price equal to the book value of the assets or the minimum price as permitted by applicable PRC laws,
               whichever is higher. Certain VIEs and their equity holders will also jointly grant the WFOEs (A) exclusive call options to
               request the VIEs to decrease their registered capital at an exercise price equal to the higher of (i) the paid-in registered capital
               in the VIEs and (ii) the minimum price as permitted by applicable PRC laws (the “Capital Decrease Price”), and (B)
               exclusive call options to subscribe for any increased capital of the VIEs at a price equal to the Capital Decrease Price, or the
               sum of the Capital Decrease Price and the unpaid registered capital, if applicable, as of the capital decrease. The WFOEs may
               nominate another entity or individual to purchase the equity interest or assets, or to subscribe for the increased capital, if
               applicable, under the call options. Execution of each call option shall not violate the applicable PRC laws, rules and
               regulations. Each equity holder of the VIE has agreed that the following amounts, to the extent in excess of the original
               registered capital that they contributed to the VIE (after deduction of relevant tax expenses), belong to and shall be paid to the
               WFOEs: (i) proceeds from the transfer of its equity interests in the VIE, (ii) proceeds received in connection with a capital
               decrease in the VIE, and (iii) distributions or liquidation residuals from the disposal of its equity interests in the VIE upon
               termination or liquidation. Moreover, any profits, distributions or dividends (after deduction of relevant tax expenses)
               received by the VIEs also belong to and shall be paid to the WFOEs. The exclusive call option agreements remain in effect
               until the equity interest or assets that are the subject of these agreements are transferred to the WFOEs.

               Proxy agreements

               Pursuant to the relevant proxy agreements, the equity holders of the VIEs irrevocably authorize any person designated by the
               WFOEs to exercise their rights of the equity holders of the VIEs, including without limitation the right to vote and appoint
               directors.

               Equity pledge agreements

               Pursuant to the relevant equity pledge agreements, the equity holders of the VIEs have pledged all of their interests in the
               equity of the VIEs as a continuing first priority security interest in favor of the corresponding WFOEs to secure the
               outstanding amounts advanced under the relevant loan agreements described above and to secure the performance of
               obligations by the VIEs and/or the equity holders under the other structure contracts. Each WFOE is entitled to exercise its
               right to dispose of the pledged interests in the equity of the VIE held by the equity holders and has priority in receiving
               payment by the application of proceeds from the auction or sale of the pledged interests, in the event of any breach or default
               under the loan agreement or other structure contracts, if applicable. These equity pledge agreements remain in force until the
               later of (i) the full performance of the contractual arrangements by the relevant parties, and (ii) the full repayment of the loans
               made to the equity holders of the VIEs.




256   Alibaba Group Holding Limited
                                                                    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                 (For the Years Ended March 31, 2023, 2024 and 2025)


2.   Summary of significant accounting policies (Continued)

(c) Consolidation (Continued)

         Exclusive services agreements

         Each relevant VIE has entered into an exclusive services agreement with the respective WFOE, pursuant to which the
         relevant WFOE provides exclusive services to the VIE. In exchange, the VIE pays a service fee to the WFOE, the amount of
         which shall be determined, to the extent permitted by applicable PRC laws as proposed by the WFOE, resulting in a transfer
         of substantially all of the profits from the VIE to the WFOE.

         Other arrangements

         The exclusive call option agreements described above also entitle the WFOEs to all profits, distributions or dividends (after
         deduction of relevant tax expenses) to be received by the equity holder of the VIEs, and the following amounts, to the extent
         in excess of the original registered capital that they contributed to the VIEs (after deduction of relevant tax expenses) to be
         received by each equity holder of the VIEs: (i) proceeds from the transfer of its equity interests in the VIEs, (ii) proceeds
         received in connection with a capital decrease in the VIEs, and (iii) distributions or liquidation residuals from the disposal of
         its equity interests in the VIEs upon termination or liquidation.

     Based on these contractual agreements, the Company believes that the PRC domestic companies as described above should be
     considered as VIEs because the equity holders do not have significant equity at risk nor do they have the characteristics of a
     controlling financial interest. Given that the Company is the primary beneficiary of these PRC domestic companies, the Company
     believes that these VIEs should be consolidated based on the structure as described above.

     The following financial information of the consolidated VIEs and their subsidiaries was recorded in the accompanying
     consolidated financial statements:

                                                                                                         As of March 31,
                                                                                                  2024                     2025
                                                                                                  RMB                      RMB
                                                                                                          (in millions)
       Cash and cash equivalents and short-term investments                                            25,825                 10,621
       Investments in equity method investees and equity securities and other
         investments                                                                                  35,228                  37,117
       Accounts receivable and contract assets, net of allowance                                      16,884                  18,408
       Amounts due from non-VIE subsidiaries of the Company                                           36,405                  53,792
       Property and equipment, net and intangible assets, net                                         11,927                  19,911
       Others                                                                                         33,276                  40,429
       Total assets                                                                                  159,545                 180,278

       Amounts due to non-VIE subsidiaries of the Company                                             99,404                 113,332
       Accrued expenses, accounts payable and other liabilities                                       45,634                  50,521
       Deferred revenue and customer advances                                                         15,586                  19,126
       Total liabilities                                                                             160,624                 182,979




                                                                                                         Fiscal Year 2025 Annual Report      257
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      (For the Years Ended March 31, 2023, 2024 and 2025)


      2.     Summary of significant accounting policies (Continued)

      (c) Consolidation (Continued)

                                                                                                         Year ended March 31,
                                                                                              2023               2024             2025
                                                                                              RMB               RMB               RMB
                                                                                                             (in millions)
                 Revenue (i)                                                                    112,270          117,686            137,708
                 Net income (loss)                                                                2,442           (3,193)              (850)
                 Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities                              4,378           12,053               (992)
                 Net cash used in investing activities                                           (2,044)         (11,772)           (33,847)
                 Net cash provided by financing activities                                        1,386            5,626             25,933

           (i)     Revenue generated by the VIEs are primarily from cloud services, digital media and entertainment services and others.

              The VIEs did not have any material related party transactions except for the related party transactions which are disclosed in Note
              24 or elsewhere in these consolidated financial statements, and those transactions with other subsidiaries that are not VIEs, which
              were eliminated upon consolidation.

              Under the contractual arrangements with the VIEs, the Company has the power to direct activities of the VIEs and can have assets
              transferred out of the VIEs under its control. Therefore, the Company considers that there is no asset in any of the VIEs that can
              be used only to settle obligations of the VIEs, except for registered capital and PRC statutory reserves. As all VIEs are
              incorporated as limited liability companies under the Company Law of the corresponding jurisdictions, creditors of the VIEs do
              not have recourse to the general credit of the Company for any of the liabilities of the VIEs.

              Currently, there is no contractual arrangement which requires the Company to provide additional financial support to the VIEs.
              However, as the Company conducts its businesses primarily based on the licenses and approvals held by its VIEs, the Company
              has provided and will continue to provide financial support to the VIEs considering the business requirements of the VIEs as well
              as the Company’s own business objectives in the future.

              Unrecognized revenue-producing assets held by the VIEs include certain Internet content provision and other licenses, domain
              names and trademarks. The Internet content provision and other licenses are required under relevant PRC laws, rules and
              regulations for the operation of Internet businesses in the PRC, and therefore are integral to the Company’s operations. The
              Internet content provision licenses require that core PRC trademark registrations and domain names are held by the VIEs that
              provide the relevant services.

      (d) Business combinations and noncontrolling interests

              The Company accounts for its business combinations using the acquisition method of accounting in accordance with Accounting
              Standards Codification (“ASC 805”) “Business Combinations.” The cost of an acquisition is measured as the aggregate of the
              acquisition date fair value of the assets transferred to the sellers, liabilities incurred by the Company and equity instruments issued
              by the Company. Transaction costs directly attributable to the acquisition are expensed as incurred. Identifiable assets acquired
              and liabilities assumed are measured separately at their fair values as of the acquisition date, irrespective of the extent of any
              noncontrolling interests. The excess of (i) the total costs of acquisition, fair value of the noncontrolling interests and acquisition
              date fair value of any previously held equity interest in the acquiree over (ii) the acquisition date amounts of the identifiable net
              assets of the acquiree is recorded as goodwill. If the cost of acquisition is less than the acquisition date amounts of the net assets
              of the subsidiary acquired, the difference is recognized directly in the consolidated income statements. During the measurement
              period, which can be up to one year from the acquisition date, the Company may record adjustments to the assets acquired and
              liabilities assumed with the corresponding offset to goodwill. Subsequent to the conclusion of the measurement period or final
              determination of the values of assets acquired or liabilities assumed, whichever comes first, any further adjustments are recorded
              in the consolidated income statements.

              In a business combination achieved in stages, the Company remeasures the previously held equity interest in the acquiree
              immediately before obtaining control at its acquisition date fair value and the remeasurement gain or loss, if any, is recognized in
              the consolidated income statements.




258   Alibaba Group Holding Limited
                                                                    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                 (For the Years Ended March 31, 2023, 2024 and 2025)


2.   Summary of significant accounting policies (Continued)

(d) Business combinations and noncontrolling interests (Continued)

     When there is a change in ownership interests or a change in contractual arrangements that results in a loss of control of a
     subsidiary, the Company deconsolidates the subsidiary from the date control is lost. Any retained noncontrolling investment in the
     former subsidiary is measured at fair value and is included in the calculation of the gain or loss upon deconsolidation of the
     subsidiary.

     For the Company’s non-wholly owned subsidiaries, a noncontrolling interest is recognized to reflect the portion of equity that is
     not attributable, directly or indirectly, to the Company. When the noncontrolling interest is contingently redeemable upon the
     occurrence of a conditional event, which is not solely within the control of the Company, the noncontrolling interest is classified
     as mezzanine equity. The Company accretes changes in the redemption value over the period from the date that it becomes
     probable that the mezzanine equity will become redeemable to the earliest redemption date using the effective interest method.
     Consolidated net income in the consolidated income statements includes net income or loss attributable to noncontrolling interests
     and mezzanine equity holders when applicable.

     Net income attributable to mezzanine equity holders is included in net loss attributable to noncontrolling interests in the
     consolidated income statements, while it is excluded from the consolidated statements of changes in shareholders’ equity. During
     the years ended March 31, 2023, 2024 and 2025, net income attributable to mezzanine equity holders amounted to RMB365
     million, RMB181 million and RMB64 million, respectively. The cumulative results of operations attributable to noncontrolling
     interests, along with adjustments for share-based compensation expense arising from outstanding share-based awards relating to
     subsidiaries’ shares, are also recorded as noncontrolling interests on the Company’s consolidated balance sheets. Cash flows
     related to transactions with noncontrolling interests are presented under financing activities in the consolidated statements of cash
     flows.

(e) Segment reporting

     Operating segments are reported in a manner consistent with the internal reporting provided to the chief operating decision maker
     (the “CODM”), which is comprised of the Company’s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer. Prior to the year
     ended March 31, 2024, the Company had seven reportable segments, namely China commerce, International commerce, Local
     consumer services, Cainiao, Cloud, Digital media and entertainment, and Innovation initiatives and others segments. Starting
     from the year ended March 31, 2024, the Company has implemented a new organizational and governance structure, which the
     CODM started to review information under a new reporting structure, and segment reporting has been updated to conform to this
     change. Consequently, the Company presents six reportable segments as set out in Note 28 to reflect the change.

(f) Foreign currency translation

     The functional currency of the Company is US$. The Company’s subsidiaries with operations in Chinese mainland, the Hong
     Kong Special Administrative Region of the PRC (“Hong Kong” or “Hong Kong S.A.R.”), the United States and other
     jurisdictions generally use their respective local currencies as their functional currencies. When the Company determines that a
     subsidiary is operating in a highly inflationary economy, the financial statements of this subsidiary shall be remeasured
     prospectively as if the functional currency were the functional currency of its immediate parent company. The reporting currency
     of the Company is RMB as the major operations of the Company are within the PRC. The financial statements of the Company’s
     subsidiaries, other than the subsidiaries with the functional currency of RMB, are translated into RMB using the exchange rate as
     of the balance sheet date for assets and liabilities and the average daily exchange rate for each month for income and expense
     items. Translation gains and losses, including those arising from intra-entity foreign currency transactions that are of a long-term-
     investment nature, are recorded in accumulated other comprehensive income or loss as a component of shareholders’ equity.

     In the financial statements of the Company’s subsidiaries, transactions in currencies other than the functional currency are
     measured and recorded in the functional currency using the exchange rate in effect at the date of the transaction. At the balance
     sheet date, monetary assets and liabilities that are denominated in currencies other than the functional currency are translated into
     the functional currency using the exchange rate at the balance sheet date. All gains and losses arising from foreign currency
     transactions are recorded in the consolidated income statements during the year in which they occur.




                                                                                                         Fiscal Year 2025 Annual Report      259
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      (For the Years Ended March 31, 2023, 2024 and 2025)


      2.   Summary of significant accounting policies (Continued)

      (g) Revenue recognition

           Revenue is principally generated from customer management services, membership fees and value-added services, logistics
           services, cloud services, sales of goods and other revenue. Revenue represents the amount of consideration the Company is
           entitled to upon the transfer of promised goods or services in the ordinary course of the Company’s activities and is recorded net
           of value-added tax (“VAT”). Consistent with the criteria of ASC 606 “Revenue from Contracts with Customers,” the Company
           recognizes revenue when performance obligations are satisfied by transferring control of a promised good or service to a
           customer. For performance obligations that are satisfied at a point in time, the Company also considers the following indicators to
           assess whether control of a promised good or service is transferred to the customer: (i) right to payment, (ii) legal title, (iii)
           physical possession, (iv) significant risks and rewards of ownership and (v) acceptance of the good or service. For performance
           obligations satisfied over time, the Company recognizes revenue over time by measuring the progress toward complete
           satisfaction of a performance obligation.

           For revenue arrangements with multiple distinct performance obligations, each distinct performance obligation is separately
           accounted for and the total consideration is allocated to each performance obligation based on the relative standalone selling price
           at contract inception.

           The Company evaluates if it is a principal or an agent in a transaction to determine whether revenue should be recorded on a gross
           or net basis. The Company is acting as the principal if it obtains control over the goods and services before they are transferred to
           customers. Generally, when the Company is primarily obligated in a transaction, is subject to inventory risk, has latitude in
           establishing prices, or has several but not all of these indicators, the Company acts as the principal and revenue is recorded on a
           gross basis. Generally, when the Company is not primarily obligated in a transaction, does not bear the inventory risk and does
           not have the ability to establish the price, the Company acts as the agent and revenue is recorded on a net basis.

           The Company may from time to time provide incentives in various forms to attract or retain consumers. Under the circumstances
           where consumers are not considered as customers under ASC 606, the Company evaluates the features of different incentives
           provided to consumers to determine whether they represent implicit or explicit obligations to consumers on behalf of merchants,
           which are considered as payments to customers and are recorded as reduction of revenues. Incentives that are not considered as
           payments to customers are recorded as sales and marketing expenses.

           When services are exchanged or swapped for other services, revenue is recognized based on the estimated standalone selling price
           of services promised to customer if the fair value of the services received cannot be reasonably estimated. The amount of revenue
           recognized for barter transactions was not material for each of the periods presented.

           Practical expedients and exemptions

           The Company applies the practical expedient to not disclose the value of unsatisfied performance obligations for contracts with an
           original expected duration of one year or less and contracts for which revenue is recognized at the amount to which the Company
           has the right to invoice for services performed.

           The Company applies the practical expedient to not adjust any of the transaction price for the time value of money for contracts
           where the period between the transfer of the promised goods or services to the customer and payment by the customer is within
           one year.




260   Alibaba Group Holding Limited
                                                                   Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                (For the Years Ended March 31, 2023, 2024 and 2025)


2.   Summary of significant accounting policies (Continued)

(g) Revenue recognition (Continued)

     Revenue recognition policies by type are as follows:

     (i) Customer management services

         The Company generates customer management revenue from merchants by offering an integrated package and a
         comprehensive solution comprised of a diverse array of services to enable them to attract, engage and retain consumers,
         complete transactions, improve their branding and enhance operating efficiency. The customer management revenue are
         charged primarily on cost-per-click basis, cost-per-thousand impressions basis, time basis and cost-per-sale basis (e.g., fees
         charged based on the value of merchandise transacted, including commission on transactions).

         Cost-per-click ("CPC") marketing and software services

         CPC marketing and software services allow merchants to bid for keywords or bid to market to groups of consumers with
         similar profiles that match product or service listings appearing in search results or browser results on the Company’s
         marketplaces. In general, merchants prepay for CPC marketing and software services and the related revenue is recognized
         when a user clicks their product or service listings as this is the point of time when the merchants benefit from the marketing
         and software services rendered.

         Cost-per-thousand impressions ("CPM") and time-based marketing services

         CPM and time-based marketing services allow merchants to place marketing content on the Company’s marketplaces, at
         fixed prices or prices established by a market-based bidding system and in particular formats. In general, merchants need to
         prepay for CPM and time-based marketing services which are accounted for as customer advances and revenue is recognized
         either ratably over the period in which the marketing content is displayed as the merchants simultaneously consume the
         benefits as the marketing content is displayed or when an marketing content is viewed by users, depending on the type of
         marketing services selected by the merchants.

         Cost-per-sale ("CPS") marketing and software services

         The Company charges fees from merchants for transactions completed on Taobao, Tmall and certain other major
         marketplaces of the Company. The fees are generally determined as a percentage based on the value of merchandise sold by
         the merchants. Merchant deposits that are expected to be non-refundable is accounted for as variable consideration (Note
         2(ac)), which is estimated at contract inception and updated at the end of each reporting period if additional information
         becomes available. Revenue related to CPS marketing and software services is recognized in the consolidated income
         statements based on the expected value when the performance obligation is satisfied. Adjustments to the estimated variable
         consideration related to prior reporting periods were not material for each of the periods presented.

         The Company also places marketing content through the third-party marketing affiliate program. Revenue generated on the
         Company’s marketplaces or through the third-party marketing affiliate program are recorded on a gross basis when the
         Company is the principal to the merchants in the arrangements. For third-party marketing affiliates with whom the Company
         has an arrangement to share the revenue, traffic acquisition cost is also recognized at the same time if the marketing content
         on the landing page clicked by the users is from merchants participating in the third-party marketing affiliate program.




                                                                                                        Fiscal Year 2025 Annual Report     261
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      (For the Years Ended March 31, 2023, 2024 and 2025)


      2.      Summary of significant accounting policies (Continued)

      (g) Revenue recognition (Continued)

       (ii)        Membership fees and value-added services

                   The Company earns membership fees revenue from wholesale sellers in respect of the sale of membership packages and
                   subscriptions that allow them to host premium storefronts on the Company’s wholesale marketplaces, as well as the provision
                   of other value-added services, and from customers in respect of the sale of membership packages which allow them to access
                   premium content on Youku’s paid content platforms. These service fees are paid in advance for a specific contracted service
                   period. All these fees are initially deferred as deferred revenue and customer advances when received and revenue is
                   recognized ratably over the term of the respective service contracts as the services are provided.

      (iii)        Logistics services

                   The Company earns logistics services revenue from express delivery services, supply chain services, on-demand delivery
                   services and other logistics services. Revenue is recognized over time when the logistics services are provided.

      (iv)         Cloud services

                   The Company earns cloud services revenue from the provision of public cloud services and non-public cloud services to
                   domestic and international enterprise customers:

               •      Public cloud services, where the company generates revenue from a wide range of cloud services, including traditional
                      and AI-related, such as elastic computing, storage, network, database, big data, security, cloud native and Alibaba Cloud
                      model studio (“Bailian”). Enterprise customers can pay for these services on a consumption or subscription basis, such as
                      on-demand delivery of computing services and storage capacities. Certain cloud services allow customers to use hosted
                      software over the contract period without taking possession of the software. Revenue related to cloud services charged on
                      a subscription basis is recognized ratably over the contract period. Revenue related to cloud services charged on a
                      consumption basis, such as the quantity of storage or elastic computing services used in a period, is recognized based on
                      the customer utilization of the resources.
               •      Non-public cloud services, where the company generates revenue through packaged cloud services, including hardware,
                      software license, software installation service, application development and maintenance service. Each distinct
                      performance obligation identified is separately accounted for and the total consideration is allocated to each performance
                      obligation based on the relative standalone selling prices at contract inception. Revenue for each performance obligation is
                      recognized when the control of the promised goods or services is transferred to the customer.

       (v)         Sales of goods

                   Revenue from the sales of goods, which is mainly generated from direct sales businesses, is recognized when the control over
                   the promised goods is transferred to customers. Receipts of fees in respect of all other incidental goods or services provided
                   by the Company that are distinct performance obligations are recognized when the control of the underlying goods or
                   services is transferred to the customers. The amounts relating to these incidental services are not material to the Company’s
                   total revenue for each of the periods presented.

      (h) Cost of revenue

           Cost of revenue consists primarily of cost of inventories, logistics costs, expenses associated with the operation of the Company’s
           mobile platforms and websites (such as depreciation and maintenance expenses for servers and computers, call centers and other
           equipment, and bandwidth and co-location fees), staff costs and share-based compensation expense, traffic acquisition costs,
           content costs, payment processing fees and other related incidental expenses that are directly attributable to the Company’s
           principal operations.




262   Alibaba Group Holding Limited
                                                                    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                  (For the Years Ended March 31, 2023, 2024 and 2025)


2.   Summary of significant accounting policies (Continued)

(i) Product development expenses

     Product development expenses consist primarily of staff costs and share-based compensation expense for research and
     development personnel and other expenses that are directly attributable to the development of new technologies and products for
     the businesses of the Company, such as the development of the technology and Internet infrastructure, applications, operating
     systems, software, databases and networks.

     The Company expenses all costs that are incurred in connection with the planning and implementation phases of development and
     costs that are associated with repair or maintenance of the existing websites or the development of software, website and mobile
     app content. Costs incurred in the development phase are capitalized and amortized over the estimated product life.

(j) Sales and marketing expenses

     Sales and marketing expenses consist primarily of online and offline advertising expenses, promotion expenses, staff costs and
     share-based compensation expense, sales commissions and other related incidental expenses that are incurred directly to attract or
     retain consumers and merchants.

     The Company expenses the costs of producing advertisements at the time production occurs, and expenses the costs of delivering
     advertisements in the period in which the advertising space or airtime is used. Advertising and promotional expenses totaled
     RMB76,818 million, RMB88,217 million and RMB113,573 million during the years ended March 31, 2023, 2024 and 2025,
     respectively.

(k) Share-based compensation

     Share-based awards granted are measured at fair value on grant date and the value is recognized as share-based compensation
     expense (i) immediately at the grant date if no vesting conditions are required, or (ii) using the accelerated attribution method, net
     of estimated forfeitures, over the requisite service period. The fair values of restricted share units (“RSUs”) and restricted shares
     are determined with reference to the fair value of the underlying shares and the fair value of share options is generally determined
     using the Black-Scholes valuation model. Share-based compensation expense, when recognized, is charged to the consolidated
     income statements with the corresponding entry to additional paid-in capital, liability or noncontrolling interests as disclosed in
     Note 2(d).

     On each measurement date, the Company reviews internal and external sources of information to assist in the estimation of
     various attributes to determine the fair value of the share-based awards, including the fair value of the underlying shares, expected
     life and expected volatility. The Company recognizes the impact of any revisions to the original forfeiture rate assumptions in the
     consolidated income statements, with a corresponding adjustment to equity or liability.

(l) Other employee benefits

     The Company’s subsidiaries in the PRC participate in a government-mandated multi-employer defined contribution plan, which
     provides housing, pension, medical, maternity, work-related injury and unemployment benefits, as well as other welfare benefits
     to employees. The relevant labor regulations require the Company’s subsidiaries in the PRC to make monthly contributions to the
     local labor and social security authorities based on the applicable benchmarks and rates stipulated by the local government. The
     relevant local labor and social security authorities are responsible for meeting all retirement benefits obligations and the
     Company’s subsidiaries in the PRC have no further commitments beyond their monthly contributions. The contributions to the
     plan are expensed as incurred and not reduced by contributions forfeited by those employees who leave the plans prior to vesting
     fully in the contributions. The Company also makes payments to other defined contribution plans and defined benefit plans for the
     benefit of employees employed by subsidiaries outside of the PRC.

     During the years ended March 31, 2023, 2024 and 2025, contributions to the plans amounting to RMB13,953 million,
     RMB14,190 million and RMB14,329 million, respectively, were charged to the consolidated income statements. Amounts
     contributed to defined benefit plans during the years ended March 31, 2023, 2024 and 2025 were insignificant.




                                                                                                         Fiscal Year 2025 Annual Report       263
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      (For the Years Ended March 31, 2023, 2024 and 2025)


      2.   Summary of significant accounting policies (Continued)

      (m) Income taxes

           The Company accounts for income taxes using the liability method, under which deferred income tax is recognized for future tax
           consequences attributable to differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and
           their respective tax bases. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable
           income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. The effect on deferred tax of a
           change in tax rates is recognized as income or expense in the period that includes the enactment date. Valuation allowance is
           provided on deferred tax assets to the extent that it is more likely than not that the asset will not be realizable in the foreseeable
           future.

           Deferred tax is recognized on the undistributed earnings of subsidiaries, which are presumed to be distributed to parent
           companies, unless there is sufficient evidence that the subsidiaries have invested or will invest the undistributed earnings
           permanently in the domestic jurisdictions or the earnings will not be subject to tax upon the subsidiaries’ liquidation. Deferred tax
           is recognized for temporary differences in relation to certain investments in equity method investees, equity securities and other
           investments.

           The Company adopts ASC 740 “Income Taxes” which prescribes a more likely than not threshold for financial statement
           recognition and measurement of a tax position taken or expected to be taken in a tax return. It also provides guidance on
           derecognition of income tax assets and liabilities, classification of current and deferred income tax assets and liabilities,
           accounting for interest and penalties associated with tax positions, accounting for income taxes in interim periods and income tax
           disclosures. The Company did not have significant unrecognized uncertain tax positions or any unrecognized liabilities, interest or
           penalties associated with unrecognized tax benefit as of and for the years ended March 31, 2023, 2024 and 2025.

      (n) Government grants

           Government grants, which mainly represent amounts received from central and local governments in connection with the
           Company’s investments in local business districts and contributions to technology development, are recognized as income in
           other income, net or as a reduction of specific costs and expenses for which the grants are intended to compensate. Such amounts
           are recognized in the consolidated income statements upon receipt and when all conditions attached to the grants are fulfilled.

           Government grants related to assets are recognized as a reduction of the carrying amount of the related asset when all conditions
           attached to the grants are fulfilled and are recognized in the consolidated income statements as a reduction of related depreciation
           or amortization expense over the estimated useful live of the related asset on a straight-line method.

      (o) Leases

           The Company determines if an arrangement is a lease at inception. Leases that transfer substantially all of the benefits and risks
           incidental to the ownership of assets are accounted for as finance leases as if there was an acquisition of an asset and incurrence of
           an obligation at the inception of the lease. All other leases are accounted for as operating leases. The Company has no significant
           finance leases.




264   Alibaba Group Holding Limited
                                                                     Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                   (For the Years Ended March 31, 2023, 2024 and 2025)


2.   Summary of significant accounting policies (Continued)

(o) Leases (Continued)

     The Company recognizes lease liabilities and corresponding right-of-use assets on the balance sheet for leases. Operating lease
     right-of-use assets are included in non-current prepayments, receivables and other assets (Note 13), and operating lease liabilities
     are included in current accrued expenses, accounts payable and other liabilities and other non-current liabilities (Note 19) on the
     consolidated balance sheets. Operating lease right-of-use assets and operating lease liabilities are initially recognized based on the
     present value of future lease payments at lease commencement. The operating lease right-of-use asset also includes any lease
     payments made prior to lease commencement and the initial direct costs incurred by the lessee and is recorded net of any lease
     incentives received. As the interest rates implicit in most of the leases are not readily determinable, the Company uses the
     incremental borrowing rates based on the information available at lease commencement to determine the present value of the
     future lease payments. Operating lease expenses are recognized on a straight-line basis over the term of the lease.

     The Company elected to combine the lease and non-lease components for leases of certain asset classes such as shops and malls
     and equipment leases. Lease and non-lease components for leases of other asset classes are accounted for separately. The
     Company also elected not to recognize short-term leases with an initial lease term of twelve months or less.

(p) Cash and cash equivalents

     The Company considers all short-term, highly liquid investments with an original maturity of three months or less, when
     purchased, to be cash equivalents. Cash and cash equivalents primarily represent bank deposits and fixed deposits with original
     maturities of less than three months.

(q) Short-term investments

     Short-term investments consist primarily of investments in fixed deposits with original maturities between three months and one
     year and certain investments in wealth management products, certificates of deposits, marketable debt securities and other
     investments that the Company has the intention to redeem within one year.

(r) Accounts receivable

     Accounts receivable represent the amounts that the Company has an unconditional right to consideration. The Company maintains
     an allowance for doubtful accounts to reserve for potentially uncollectible receivable amounts which is estimated using the
     approach based on expected losses. The allowance for doubtful accounts were RMB8,042 million and RMB9,307 million as of
     March 31, 2024 and 2025, respectively. The Company’s estimation of allowance for doubtful accounts considers factors such as
     historical credit loss experience, age of receivable balances, current market conditions, reasonable and supportable forecasts of
     future economic conditions, as well as an assessment of receivables due from specific identifiable counterparties to determine
     whether these receivables are considered at risk or uncollectible. The Company assesses collectibility by pooling receivables that
     have similar risk characteristics and evaluates receivables individually when specific receivables no longer share those risk
     characteristics. For receivables evaluated individually, when it is determined that foreclosure is probable or when the debtor is
     experiencing financial difficulty at the reporting date and repayment is expected to be provided substantially through the
     operation or sale of collateral, expected credit losses are based on the fair value of the collateral at the reporting date, adjusted for
     selling costs as appropriate.

(s) Inventories

     Inventories mainly consist of merchandise available for sale. They are accounted for using the weighted average cost method and
     stated at the lower of cost and net realizable value. Net realizable value is the estimated selling price in the ordinary course of
     business less the estimated costs of completion and the estimated costs necessary to make the sale.




                                                                                                           Fiscal Year 2025 Annual Report        265
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      (For the Years Ended March 31, 2023, 2024 and 2025)


      2.      Summary of significant accounting policies (Continued)

      (t) Equity securities and other investments

              Equity securities and other investments represent the Company’s investments in equity securities that are not accounted for under
              the equity method, as well as other investments which primarily consist of debt investments.

           (i)    Equity securities

                  Equity securities not accounted for using the equity method are carried at fair value with unrealized gains and losses recorded
                  in the consolidated income statements, according to ASC 321 “Investments — Equity Securities”.

                  The Company elected to record a majority of equity investments in privately held companies using the measurement
                  alternative at cost, less impairment, with subsequent adjustments for observable price changes resulting from orderly
                  transactions for identical or similar investments of the same issuer.

                  Equity investments in privately held companies accounted for using the measurement alternative are subject to periodic
                  impairment reviews. The Company’s impairment analysis considers both qualitative and quantitative factors that may have a
                  significant effect on the fair value of these equity securities.

                  In computing realized gains and losses on equity securities, the Company determines cost based on amounts paid using the
                  average cost method. Dividend income is recognized when the right to receive the payment is established.

       (ii)       Debt investments

                  Debt investments consist of investments in debt securities and loan investments which are accounted for at amortized cost or
                  under the fair value option, which the Company has elected for certain investments including convertible and exchangeable
                  bonds subscribed. The fair value option permits the irrevocable election on an instrument-by-instrument basis at initial
                  recognition or upon an event that gives rise to a new basis of accounting for that instrument. The investments accounted for
                  under the fair value option are carried at fair value with unrealized gains and losses recorded in the consolidated income
                  statements. Interest income from debt investments is recognized using the effective interest method which is reviewed and
                  adjusted periodically based on changes in estimated cash flows. Debt investments also include other treasury investments
                  which mainly consist of investments in fixed deposits, certificates of deposits and marketable debt securities with original
                  maturities over one year for treasury purposes. The remaining maturities of these treasury investments held by the Company
                  generally range from one to five years.

      (u) Investments in equity method investees

              The Company applies the equity method to account for equity investments in common stock or in-substance common stock,
              according to ASC 323 “Investments — Equity Method and Joint Ventures,” over which it has significant influence but does not
              own a controlling financial interest, unless the fair value option is elected for an investment.

              An investment in in-substance common stock is an investment in an entity that has risk and reward characteristics that are
              substantially similar to that entity’s common stock. The Company considers subordination, risks and rewards of ownership and
              obligation to transfer value when determining whether an investment in an entity is substantially similar to an investment in that
              entity’s common stock.




266   Alibaba Group Holding Limited
                                                                   Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                (For the Years Ended March 31, 2023, 2024 and 2025)


2.   Summary of significant accounting policies (Continued)

(u) Investments in equity method investees (Continued)

     Under the equity method, the Company’s share of the post-acquisition profits or losses of the equity method investee is
     recognized in the consolidated income statements and its share of post-acquisition movements in accumulated other
     comprehensive income is recognized in other comprehensive income. The Company records its share of the results of the equity
     method investees on a one quarter in arrears basis. The excess of the carrying amount of the investment over the underlying
     equity in net assets of the equity method investee generally represents goodwill and intangible assets acquired. When the
     Company’s share of losses of the equity method investee equals or exceeds its interest in the equity method investee, the
     Company does not recognize further losses, unless the Company has incurred obligations or made payments or guarantees on
     behalf of the equity method investee.

     The Company continually reviews its investments in equity method investees to determine whether a decline in fair value below
     the carrying value is other-than-temporary. The primary factors the Company considers in its determination include the severity
     and the length of time that the fair value of the investment is below its carrying value; the financial condition, the operating
     performance and the prospects of the equity method investee; the geographic region, market and industry in which the equity
     method investee operates; and other company specific information such as recent financing rounds completed by the equity
     method investee. If the decline in fair value is deemed to be other-than-temporary, the carrying value of the investment in the
     equity method investee is written down to its fair value.

(v) Property and equipment, net

     Property and equipment are stated at cost less accumulated depreciation and any impairment loss. Depreciation is computed using
     the straight-line method with no residual value based on the estimated useful lives of the various classes of assets, which range as
     follows:


       Computer equipment and software                               3 – 5 years
       Furniture, office and transportation equipment and others     3 – 10 years
       Buildings and other property                                  10 – 50 years
       Property improvements                                         shorter of remaining lease period or estimated useful life

     Construction in progress represents buildings and related premises under construction, which is stated at actual construction cost
     less any impairment loss. Construction in progress is transferred to the respective category of property and equipment when
     completed and ready for its intended use.

     Costs of repairs and maintenance are expensed as incurred and asset improvements are capitalized. The cost and related
     accumulated depreciation of assets disposed of or retired are removed from the accounts, and any resulting gain or loss is
     reflected in the consolidated income statements.




                                                                                                       Fiscal Year 2025 Annual Report       267
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      (For the Years Ended March 31, 2023, 2024 and 2025)


      2.   Summary of significant accounting policies (Continued)

      (w) Intangible assets other than licensed copyrights

           Intangible assets mainly include those acquired through business combinations and purchased intangible assets. Intangible assets
           acquired through business combinations are recognized as assets separate from goodwill if they satisfy either the “contractual-
           legal” or “separability” criterion. Intangible assets arising from business combinations are measured at fair value upon acquisition
           using valuation techniques such as discounted cash flow analysis and ratio analysis with reference to comparable companies in
           similar industries under the income approach, market approach and cost approach. Major assumptions used in determining the fair
           value of these intangible assets include future growth rates and weighted average cost of capital. Purchased intangible assets are
           initially recognized and measured at cost upon acquisition. Separately identifiable intangible assets that have determinable lives
           continue to be amortized over their estimated useful lives using the straight-line method as follows:

             User base and customer relationships                           3 – 16 years
             Trade names, trademarks and domain names                       5 – 20 years
             Developed technology and patents                               2 – 10 years
             Non-compete agreements                                         over the contracted term of up to 10 years

      (x) Licensed copyrights

           Licensed copyrights related to titles to movies, television series, variety shows, animations and other video content acquired from
           external parties are carried at the lower of unamortized cost or fair value. The amortization period for the licensed content vary
           depending on the type of content, which typically ranges from six months to ten years. Licensed copyrights are presented on the
           consolidated balance sheets as current assets under prepayments, receivables and other assets, or non-current assets under
           intangible assets, net, based on estimated time of usage. Licensed copyrights are generally amortized using an accelerated method
           based on historical viewership consumption patterns. Estimates of the consumption patterns for licensed copyrights are reviewed
           periodically and revised if necessary. For the years ended March 31, 2023, 2024 and 2025, amortization expenses in connection
           with the licensed copyrights of RMB8,446 million, RMB8,361 million and RMB7,497 million were recorded in cost of revenue
           within Hujing Digital Media and Entertainment Group.

           On a periodic basis, the Company evaluates the program usefulness of licensed copyrights pursuant to the guidance in ASC 920
           “Entertainment — Broadcasters,” which provides that the rights be reported at the lower of unamortized cost or fair value. When
           there is a change in the expected usage of licensed copyrights, the Company estimates the fair value of licensed copyrights to
           determine if any impairment exists. The fair value of licensed copyrights is determined by estimating the expected cash flows
           from advertising and membership fees, less any costs and expenses, over the remaining useful lives of the licensed copyrights at
           the film-group level. Estimates that impact these cash flows include anticipated levels of demand for the Company’s advertising
           services and the expected selling prices of advertisements. For the years ended March 31, 2023, 2024 and 2025, impairment
           charges in connection with the licensed copyrights of RMB1,133 million, nil and nil were recorded in cost of revenue within
           Hujing Digital Media and Entertainment Group.

      (y) Goodwill

           Goodwill represents the excess of the purchase consideration over the acquisition date amounts of the identifiable tangible and
           intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed from the acquired entity as a result of the Company’s acquisitions of interests in
           its subsidiaries. Goodwill is not amortized but is tested for impairment on an annual basis, or more frequently if events or changes
           in circumstances indicate that it might be impaired. In accordance with ASC 350, the Company may first assess qualitative factors
           to determine whether it is necessary to perform the quantitative goodwill impairment test. In the qualitative assessment, the
           Company considers factors such as macroeconomic conditions, industry and market considerations, overall financial performance
           of the reporting unit, and other specific information related to the operations, business plans and strategies of the reporting unit.
           Based on the qualitative assessment, if it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than the carrying
           amount, the quantitative impairment test is performed. The Company may also bypass the qualitative assessment and proceed
           directly to perform the quantitative impairment test.




268   Alibaba Group Holding Limited
                                                                     Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                  (For the Years Ended March 31, 2023, 2024 and 2025)


2.   Summary of significant accounting policies (Continued)

(y) Goodwill (Continued)

     The Company performs the quantitative impairment test by comparing the fair value of each reporting unit to its carrying amount,
     including goodwill. If the fair value of the reporting unit exceeds its carrying amount, goodwill is not considered to be impaired.
     If the carrying amount of a reporting unit exceeds its fair value, the amount by which the carrying amount exceeds the reporting
     unit’s fair value is recognized as impairment. Application of a goodwill impairment test requires significant management
     judgment, including the identification of reporting units, allocation of assets, liabilities and goodwill to reporting units, and
     determination of the fair value of each reporting unit.

(z) Impairment of long-lived assets other than goodwill and licensed copyrights

     The Company reviews long-lived assets for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying
     amount of an asset may not be recoverable. Recoverability of assets to be held and used is measured by a comparison of the
     carrying amount of an asset or asset group to the future undiscounted net cash flows expected to be generated by the asset or asset
     group. If the assets are considered to be impaired, the impairment recognized is measured by the amount by which the carrying
     amount of the assets or asset groups exceeds the fair value of the assets or asset groups. Impairment of long-lived assets other than
     goodwill and licensed copyrights recognized for the years ended March 31, 2023, 2024 and 2025 was RMB1,922 million,
     RMB14,847 million and RMB4,611 million, respectively.

(aa) Derivatives and hedging

     Contracts that meet the definition of a derivative are generally recognized on the consolidated balance sheets as either assets or
     liabilities and recorded at fair value. Changes in the fair value of derivative assets or liabilities are either recognized periodically
     in the consolidated income statements or in other comprehensive income depending on the use of the derivatives and whether they
     qualify for hedge accounting and are so designated as cash flow hedges, fair value hedges or net investment hedges. The capped
     call transactions in connection with the issuance of the convertible unsecured senior notes meet the scope exception for contracts
     in the entity’s own equity provided in ASC 815 “Derivatives and Hedging” and are recognized in shareholders’ equity.

     To qualify for hedge accounting, the hedge relationship is designated and formally documented at inception, detailing the
     particular risk management objective and strategy for the hedge (which includes the item and risk that is being hedged), the
     hedging instrument that is being used and how hedge effectiveness is being assessed. A hedging instrument has to be effective in
     accomplishing the objective of offsetting changes in the risk being hedged. The effectiveness of the hedging relationship is
     evaluated on a prospective and retrospective basis using qualitative and quantitative measures of correlation. Qualitative methods
     may include comparison of critical terms of the hedging instrument to those of the hedged item due to the hedged risk.
     Quantitative methods include a comparison of the changes in the value or discounted cash flow of the hedging instrument to those
     of the hedged item due to the hedged risk. A hedging relationship is considered effective if the results of the hedging instrument
     are within a ratio of 80% to 125% of the results of the hedged item.

     Cash flow hedges

     Interest rate swaps designated as hedging instruments to hedge against the cash flows attributable to recognized assets or
     liabilities or forecasted payments may qualify as cash flow hedges. The Company entered into interest rate swap contracts to swap
     floating interest payments related to certain borrowings for fixed interest payments to hedge the interest rate risk associated with
     certain forecasted payments and obligations. All changes in the fair value of interest rate swaps that are designated and qualify as
     cash flow hedges are recognized in accumulated other comprehensive income. Amounts in accumulated other comprehensive
     income are reclassified into earnings in the same period during which the hedged forecasted transaction affects earnings.

     The Company has elected the optional expedients under ASC 848 “Reference Rate Reform” for certain existing interest rate
     swaps that are designated as cash flow hedges in the hedging relationship designation and the assessment of probability of
     forecasted transaction and hedge effectiveness.




                                                                                                          Fiscal Year 2025 Annual Report        269
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      (For the Years Ended March 31, 2023, 2024 and 2025)


      2.   Summary of significant accounting policies (Continued)

      (aa) Derivatives and hedging (Continued)

           Net investment hedges

           During the year ended March 31, 2025, the Company uses cross currency swap (“CCS”) contracts and RMB denominated
           unsecured senior notes and borrowings to hedge the foreign currency risk associated with investments in net assets of certain PRC
           subsidiaries held by the Company which are designated as net investment hedges. The Company excludes the changes in the fair
           value of the CCS contracts attributable to changes other than those due to fluctuations in the spot exchange rate from the
           assessment of hedge effectiveness and the value of such excluded component is recognized in interest expenses in the
           consolidated income statement over the life of the hedging instrument under a systematic and rational method. Changes in the
           value of the hedging instruments due to fluctuations in the spot foreign currency exchange rates designated in net investment
           hedges are recognized in accumulated other comprehensive income to offset the cumulative translation adjustments relating to
           those subsidiaries. As of March 31, 2025, the losses recognized in accumulated other comprehensive income from changes in
           value of the CCS contracts and the non-derivative financial instruments designated as net investment hedges amounted to
           RMB344 million.

           Amounts accumulated are reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income and recognized in the consolidated income
           statements upon disposal of those subsidiaries. Once the hedge becomes ineffective, hedge accounting is discontinued
           prospectively. The estimated fair value of the derivatives is determined based on relevant market information. These estimates are
           calculated with reference to the market rates using industry standard valuation techniques.

      (ab) Bank borrowings and unsecured senior notes

           Bank borrowings and unsecured senior notes are recognized initially at fair value, net of upfront fees, debt discounts or premiums,
           debt issuance costs and other incidental fees. Convertible unsecured senior notes are accounted for in its entirety as liabilities, and
           the embedded conversion feature is not required to be accounted for separately under ASC 815. Upfront fees, debt discounts or
           premiums, debt issuance costs and other incidental fees are recorded as a reduction of the proceeds received and the related
           accretion is recorded as interest expense in the consolidated income statements over the estimated term of the facilities using the
           effective interest method.

      (ac) Merchant deposits

           The Company collects deposits representing an annual upfront service fee from merchants on Tmall before the beginning of each
           calendar year. These deposits are initially recorded as a liability by the Company. The deposits are refundable to a merchant if the
           level of sales volume that is generated by that merchant on Tmall meets the target during the period. If the transaction volume
           target is not met at the end of each calendar year, the relevant deposits will become non-refundable. These merchant deposits are
           accounted for as variable consideration at an amount that is estimated at contract inception. The estimate is updated at the end of
           each reporting period and when there are changes in circumstances during the reporting period. Merchant deposits are recognized
           as revenue in the consolidated income statements when the likelihood of refund to the merchant is considered remote based on the
           patterns of sales volume generated by the merchant during the reporting period. Starting from September 1, 2024, the annual
           upfront service fee was cancelled and the merchant deposits would subsequently be refunded to merchants.

      (ad) Deferred revenue and customer advances

           Deferred revenue and customer advances generally represent cash received from customers that relate to goods or services to be
           provided in the future. Deferred revenue, mainly representing cloud services revenue, membership fees and customer
           management services revenue, is stated at the amount of service fees received less the amount previously recognized as revenue
           upon the provision of the respective services to customers.




270   Alibaba Group Holding Limited
                                                                    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                 (For the Years Ended March 31, 2023, 2024 and 2025)


2.   Summary of significant accounting policies (Continued)

(ae) Commitments and contingencies

     In the normal course of business, the Company is subject to contingencies, such as legal proceedings and claims arising out of its
     business, that cover a wide range of matters. Liabilities for the contingencies are recorded when it is probable that a liability has
     been incurred and the amount of the liability can be reasonably estimated.

     Certain conditions may exist as of the date the consolidated financial statements are issued, which may result in a loss to the
     Company, but which will only be resolved when one or more future events occur or fail to occur. The Company assesses these
     contingent liabilities, which inherently involves judgment. In assessing loss contingencies related to legal proceedings that are
     pending against the Company or unasserted claims that may result in legal proceedings, the Company, in consultation with its
     legal counsel, evaluates the perceived merits of any legal proceedings or unasserted claims as well as the perceived merits of the
     amount of relief sought or expected to be sought therein. If the assessment of a contingency indicates that it is probable that a
     material loss has been incurred and the amount of the liability can be estimated, the estimated liability would be accrued in the
     consolidated financial statements. If the assessment indicates that a potentially material loss contingency is not probable, or is
     probable but cannot be estimated, the nature of the contingent liability, together with an estimate of the range of the reasonably
     possible loss, if determinable and material, would be disclosed.

     Loss contingencies considered remote are generally not disclosed unless they involve guarantees, in which case the nature of the
     guarantee would be disclosed.

(af) Treasury shares

     The Company accounts for treasury shares using the cost method. Under this method, the cost incurred to purchase the shares is
     recorded in the treasury shares account on the consolidated balance sheets. At retirement of the treasury shares, the ordinary
     shares account is charged only for the aggregate par value of the shares. The excess of the acquisition cost of treasury shares over
     the aggregate par value is allocated between additional paid-in capital and retained earnings.

(ag) Statutory reserves

     In accordance with the relevant regulations and their articles of association, subsidiaries of the Company incorporated in the PRC
     are required to allocate at least 10% of their after-tax profit determined based on the PRC accounting standards and regulations to
     the general reserve until the reserve has reached 50% of the relevant subsidiary’s registered capital. Appropriations to the
     enterprise expansion fund and staff welfare and bonus fund are at the discretion of the respective board of directors of the
     subsidiaries. These reserves can only be used for specific purposes and are not transferable to the Company in the form of loans,
     advances or cash dividends. During the years ended March 31, 2023, 2024 and 2025, appropriations to the general reserve
     amounted to RMB3,138 million, RMB1,756 million and RMB1,203 million, respectively. No appropriations to the enterprise
     expansion fund and staff welfare and bonus fund have been made by the Company.

(ah) Interest income

     Interest income is recorded in the consolidated income statements as it accrues for the interest-earning assets using the effective
     interest method. During the years ended March 31, 2023, 2024 and 2025, interest income of RMB16,339 million, RMB24,868
     million and RMB20,449 million, respectively, were recorded in interest and investment income, net in the consolidated income
     statements.

(ai) Newly adopted accounting standard updates

     In April 2022, the Company adopted Accounting Standards Update (“ASU”) 2020-06, “Debt — Debt with Conversion and Other
     Options (Subtopic 470-20) and Derivatives and Hedging — Contracts in Entity’s Own Equity (Subtopic 815-40): Accounting for
     Convertible Instruments and Contracts in an Entity’s Own Equity,” which simplifies an issuer’s accounting for certain convertible
     instruments and the application of derivatives scope exception for contracts in an entity’s own equity. This guidance also
     addresses how convertible instruments are accounted for in the diluted earnings per share calculation and required enhanced
     disclosures about the terms of convertible instruments and contracts in an entity’s own equity. The adoption of this guidance did
     not have a material impact on the financial position, results of operations and cash flows.




                                                                                                         Fiscal Year 2025 Annual Report      271
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      (For the Years Ended March 31, 2023, 2024 and 2025)


      2.   Summary of significant accounting policies (Continued)

      (ai) Newly adopted accounting standard updates (Continued)

           In April 2023, the Company adopted ASU 2021-08, “Business Combinations (Topic 805): Accounting for Contract Assets and
           Contract Liabilities from Contracts with Customers,” which provides guidance on the acquirer’s accounting for acquired revenue
           contracts with customers in a business combination. The amendments require an acquirer recognizes and measures contract assets
           and contract liabilities acquired in a business combination at the acquisition date in accordance with ASC 606 as if it had
           originated the contracts. This guidance also provides certain practical expedients for acquirers when recognizing and measuring
           acquired contract assets and contract liabilities from revenue contracts in a business combination. The Company adopted this
           guidance prospectively and the adoption of this guidance did not have a material impact on the financial position, results of
           operations and cash flows.

           In April 2023, the Company adopted ASU 2022-04, “Liabilities—Supplier Finance Programs (Subtopic 405-50): Disclosure of
           Supplier Finance Program Obligations,” which require a buyer in a supplier finance program disclose qualitative and quantitative
           information about the supplier finance program. Details of the key terms of the program, the outstanding obligations confirmed as
           valid and the roll forward of these obligations for the year ended March 31, 2025 are set out in Note 20.

           In April 2024, the Company adopted ASU 2022-03, “Fair Value Measurement (Topic 820): Fair Value Measurement of Equity
           Securities Subject to Contractual Sale Restrictions”. The amendments clarify that a contractual restriction on the sale of an equity
           security is not considered part of the unit of account of the equity security and, therefore, is not considered in measuring fair
           value. The amendments also clarify that an entity cannot, as a separate unit of account, recognize and measure a contractual sale
           restriction. This guidance also requires certain disclosures for equity securities subject to contractual sale restrictions. The
           adoption of this guidance did not have a material impact on the financial position, results of operations and cash flows.

           In April 2024, the Company adopted ASU 2023-07, “Segment Reporting (Topic 280): Improvements to Reportable Segment
           Disclosures,” which improves reportable segment disclosure requirements. The amendments require the disclosure of (1)
           significant segment expenses that are regularly provided to the CODM and included within each reported measure of segment
           profit or loss; (2) an amount for other segment items by reportable segment and a description of its composition; and (3) the title
           and position of the CODM and an explanation of how the CODM uses the reported measure(s). The amendments also provide
           disclosure requirements for interim periods and entities that have a single reportable segment. Details of segment reporting are set
           out in Note 2(e) and Note 28.

      3.   Recent accounting pronouncements

           In December 2023, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (“FASB”) issued ASU 2023-09, “Income Taxes (Topic 740):
           Improvements to Income Tax Disclosures”, which improves income tax disclosures. The amendments require the disclosure of
           specific categories in the rate reconciliation and additional information for reconciling items that meet a quantitative threshold.
           The amendments also require disaggregated information about the amount of income taxes paid (net of refunds received), Income
           (or loss) from continuing operations before income tax expense (or benefit) and Income tax expense (or benefit) from continuing
           operations. The new guidance is required to be applied either prospectively or retrospectively. This guidance is effective for the
           Company for the year ending March 31, 2026. Early adoption is permitted. The Company is evaluating the impact of the adoption
           of this guidance.

           In November 2024, the FASB issued ASU 2024-03, “Income Statement – Reporting Comprehensive Income – Expense
           Disaggregation Disclosures (Subtopic 220-40): Disaggregation of Income Statement Expenses” and issued subsequent
           amendment within ASU 2025-01. The amendments require disaggregation disclosure for certain expense captions presented on
           the face of income statement, as well as additional disclosure about selling expenses. This guidance is effective for the Company
           for the year ending March 31, 2028 and interim reporting periods during the year ending March 31, 2029. Early adoption is
           permitted. The Company is evaluating the impact of the adoption of this guidance on its disclosures.




272   Alibaba Group Holding Limited
                                                                    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                 (For the Years Ended March 31, 2023, 2024 and 2025)


3.    Recent accounting pronouncements (Continued)

      In November 2024, the FASB issued ASU 2024-04, “Debt - Debt with Conversion and Other Options (Subtopic 470-20): Induced
      Conversions of Convertible Debt Instruments,” which clarifies the requirements for determining whether certain settlements of
      convertible debt instruments should be accounted for as an induced conversion. The amendments also clarify some specific
      applications of induced conversion guidance and that the guidance applies to a convertible debt instrument that is not currently
      convertible as long as it had a substantive conversion feature as of both its issuance date and the date the inducement offer is
      accepted. The new guidance is required to be applied either prospectively or retrospectively. This guidance is effective for the
      Company for the year ending March 31, 2027. Early adoption is permitted. The Company is evaluating the impact of the adoption
      of this guidance.

      In May 2025, the FASB issued ASU 2025-03, “Business Combinations (Topic 805) and Consolidation (Topic 810): Determining
      the Accounting Acquirer in the Acquisition of a Variable Interest Entity,” which requires an entity involved in an acquisition
      transaction effected primarily by exchanging equity interests when the legal acquiree is a VIE that meets the definition of a
      business to consider specific factors to determine the accounting acquirer and removes the requirement that the primary
      beneficiary always is the acquirer for certain transactions. Under the amendments, acquisition transactions in which the legal
      acquiree is a VIE will, in more instances, result in the same accounting outcomes as economically similar transactions in which
      the legal acquiree is a voting interest entity. The amendments do not change the accounting for a transaction determined to be a
      reverse acquisition or a transaction in which the legal acquirer is not a business and is determined to be the accounting acquiree.
      The new guidance is required to be applied prospectively to any acquisition transaction that occurs after the initial application
      date. This guidance is effective for the Company for the year ending March 31, 2028. Early adoption is permitted. The Company
      is evaluating the impact of the adoption of this guidance.
4.    Significant mergers and acquisitions, investments and dispositions

(a) Acquisitions

      Acquisitions that constitute business combinations are summarized in the following table:

                                                                                                  Year ended March 31,
                                                                                         2023                  2024           2025
                                                                                         RMB                   RMB            RMB
                                                                                                      (in millions)
     Net assets (liabilities)                                                                      1                  28        (461)
     Identifiable intangible assets                                                              285                 602       1,544
     Deferred tax assets                                                                          —                   —            1
     Deferred tax liabilities                                                                    (68)               (199)       (382)
                                                                                                 218                 431         702
     Noncontrolling interests and mezzanine equity                                               (38)                (98)       (587)
     Net identifiable assets                                                                     180                 333         115
     Goodwill                                                                                    583               1,782       4,899
     Total purchase consideration                                                                763               2,115       5,014
     Fair value of previously held equity interests                                               —                   —       (1,555)
     Purchase consideration settled                                                             (481)             (2,038)     (1,564)
     Deferred consideration as of year end                                                       282                  77       1,895

     Total purchase consideration is comprised of:
     - cash consideration                                                                       763                2,115       2,549
     - fair value of previously held equity interests                                            —                    —        1,555
     - others                                                                                    —                    —          910
                                                                                                763                2,115       5,014




                                                                                                        Fiscal Year 2025 Annual Report      273
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      (For the Years Ended March 31, 2023, 2024 and 2025)


      4.   Significant mergers and acquisitions, investments and dispositions (Continued)

      (a) Acquisitions (Continued)

           In relation to the revaluation of previously held equity interests, the Company recognized nil, nil, and a gain of RMB628 million
           in the consolidated income statements for the years ended March 31, 2023, 2024 and 2025, respectively, for the other acquisitions
           that constitute business combinations.

           Pro forma results of operations for these acquisitions have not been presented because the effects of these acquisitions are not
           material to the consolidated income statements for the year ended March 31, 2023, 2024 and 2025, either individually or in
           aggregate.

      (b) Disposal of Sun Art Retail Group Limited (“Sun Art”)

           In December 2024, the Company entered into a sale and purchase agreement to sell all of the equity interest in Sun Art held by the
           Company, representing approximately 73.66% of the total number of the ordinary shares of Sun Art in issue. Pursuant to the sale
           and purchase agreement, the Company was entitled to receive approximately HK$9,698 million (RMB9,054 million), which
           comprised of (i) cash considerations of approximately HK$6,465 million (RMB6,032 million), and (ii) deferred cash
           considerations of approximately HK$3,233 million (RMB3,022 million). Interest shall be payable in connection with the deferred
           cash considerations, consisting of (i) base interest, accrued at 4.80% per annum, compounded annually, and (ii) the variable
           interest of maximum HK$873 million, in the event that the 2027/2028 average adjusted EBITDA of Sun Art is higher than or
           equal to the adjusted EBITDA high limit of RMB4,400 million. The deferred cash considerations and accrued base interest are to
           be settled in May 2028, subject to the purchaser’s early repayment option, while the variable interest will be settled in June 2028.

           The sale of Sun Art was completed in the year ended March 31, 2025 and a loss on disposal of RMB13,123 million was recorded
           in interest and investment income, net in the consolidated income statements for the year ended March 31, 2025, taking into
           consideration of (i) the cash considerations and estimated fair value of the deferred cash considerations, and (ii) the carrying values
           of the net assets of Sun Art and the noncontrolling interests in Sun Art.

      (c) Disposal of Intime Retail (Group) Company Limited (“Intime”)

           In December 2024, the Company together with another minority shareholder agreed to sell 100% of the equity interest in Intime to
           a consortium of purchasers. The Company held approximately 99% of the equity interest in Intime. The cash consideration to the
           Company from the sale of Intime is approximately RMB7.4 billion.

           The sale of Intime was substantially completed as of March 31, 2025 and losses arising from the disposal of RMB8,515 million
           was recorded in interest and investment income, net in the consolidated income statements for the year ended March 31, 2025,
           taking into consideration of (i) the applicable considerations, and (ii) the applicable carrying values of the net assets of Intime and
           the applicable noncontrolling interests in Intime. As of March 31, 2025, the carrying values of total assets of RMB5,330 million
           and total liabilities of RMB4,349 million relating to the sale of Intime remained in the Company's consolidated balance sheets
           were included in prepayments, receivables and other assets and accrued expenses, accounts payable and other liabilities,
           respectively.

      (d) Investment in Moonshot AI Ltd (“Moonshot”)

           Moonshot is an artificial intelligence company in the PRC. During the year ended March 31, 2024, the Company invested a total
           of approximately US$0.8 billion (approximately RMB5.9 billion) for an approximately 36% equity interest. The investment in
           preferred stocks of Moonshot is accounted for using the measurement alternative.




274   Alibaba Group Holding Limited
                                                                    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                 (For the Years Ended March 31, 2023, 2024 and 2025)


4.   Significant mergers and acquisitions, investments and dispositions (Continued)

(e) Investment in Ant Group Co., Ltd. (“Ant Group”)

     Ant Group provides comprehensive digital payment services and facilitates digital financial and value-added services for
     consumers and merchants, in China and across the world. In September 2019, following the satisfaction of the closing conditions,
     the Company received the 33% equity interest in Ant Group pursuant to the share and asset purchase agreement as amended from
     time to time (the “SAPA”).

     The Company accounts for its equity interest in Ant Group under the equity method. Upon the completion, the Company recorded
     the 33% equity interest in Ant Group with a carrying value amounting to RMB90.7 billion in investments in equity method
     investees. The difference between the carrying value of the 33% equity interest in Ant Group and the Company’s share of the
     carrying value of Ant Group’s net assets upon completion is a basis difference, which mainly represents the fair value adjustments
     of amortizable intangible assets and equity investments. These adjustments amounted to RMB24.5 billion and RMB5.3 billion,
     respectively, both of which were net of their corresponding tax effects.

     Subsequent to the receipt of the equity interest in Ant Group, the proportionate share of results of Ant Group, adjusted for the
     effects of the basis difference as described above, is recorded in share of results of equity method investees in the consolidated
     income statements on a one quarter in arrears basis. Following the receipt of equity interest in Ant Group, the Company has pre-
     emptive rights to participate in other issuances of equity securities by Ant Group and certain of its affiliates prior to the time of
     Ant Group meeting certain minimum criteria for a qualified IPO set forth in the SAPA. These pre-emptive rights entitle the
     Company to maintain the equity ownership percentage the Company holds in Ant Group immediately prior to any such issuances.
     In connection with the exercise of the pre-emptive rights, the Company is also entitled to receive certain payments from Ant
     Group, effectively funding the subscription for these additional equity interest, up to a value of US$1.5 billion, subject to certain
     adjustments. In addition, under the SAPA, in certain circumstances the Company is permitted to exercise pre-emptive rights
     through an alternative arrangement which will further protect the Company from dilution.

     During the quarter ended September 30, 2023, Ant Group repurchased approximately 7% equity interest from its existing
     shareholders and the shares repurchased were allocated to the employee incentive plans of Ant Group. The number of shares held
     by the Company in Ant Group remains unchanged from legal perspective, and the Company’s equity interest in Ant Group on a
     fully diluted basis remains unchanged at 33%.

     For accounting purposes, the Company will take into consideration a proportionate share of equity interest held by the employee
     incentive plans of Ant Group to account for its share of results from its investment in Ant Group, subject to dilution as the equity
     interest under the employee incentive plans of Ant Group is transferred out. During the years ended March 31, 2024 and 2025,
     there was no material change in the equity interest held by the employee incentive plans of Ant Group. While the Company’s
     carrying value of the investment in Ant Group remain unchanged upon completion, the transactions result in additional basis
     difference of RMB5.6 billion upon completion, which was mainly allocated to amortizable intangible assets of RMB1.7 billion
     with a weighted average amortization period of 7 years, goodwill of RMB3.9 billion, equity investments of RMB0.5 billion and
     deferred tax liabilities of RMB0.5 billion.




                                                                                                        Fiscal Year 2025 Annual Report       275
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      (For the Years Ended March 31, 2023, 2024 and 2025)


      5.   Revenue

           Revenue by segment is as follows:

                                                                                                   Year ended March 31,
                                                                                       2023                2024           2025
                                                                                       RMB                 RMB            RMB
                                                                                                       (in millions)
             Taobao and Tmall Group:
               China commerce retail (i)
                 - Customer management                                                   291,541            304,009        322,346
                 - Direct sales and others (ii)                                          103,811            110,405        103,180
                                                                                         395,352            414,414        425,526
               China commerce wholesale (iii)                                             17,854             20,479         24,301
             Total Taobao and Tmall Group                                                413,206            434,893        449,827

             Alibaba International Digital Commerce Group:
               International commerce retail (iv)                                         50,933             81,654        108,465
               International commerce wholesale (v)                                       19,573             20,944         23,835
             Total Alibaba International Digital Commerce Group                           70,506            102,598        132,300

             Cloud Intelligence Group (vi)                                               103,497            106,374        118,028
             Cainiao Smart Logistics Network Limited (vii)                                77,512             99,020        101,272
             Local Services Group (viii)                                                  50,249             59,802         67,076
             Hujing Digital Media and Entertainment Group (ix)                            18,444             21,145         22,267
             All others (x)                                                              197,115            192,331        206,269
             Unallocated                                                                     866              1,297          1,924
             Inter-segment elimination (xi)                                              (62,708)           (76,292)      (102,616)
             Consolidated revenue                                                        868,687            941,168        996,347



             (i)        Revenue from China commerce retail is primarily generated from China commerce retail business and includes
                        primarily revenue from customer management services and sales of goods.
            (ii)        Revenue from direct sales and others under China commerce retail is primarily generated from direct sales
                        businesses, comprising mainly Tmall Supermarket and Tmall Global and primarily consists of revenue from sales of
                        goods, as well as other revenue from logistics services and other value-added services.
           (iii)        Revenue from China commerce wholesale is primarily generated from 1688.com and includes revenue from
                        membership fees and related value-added services and customer management services.
           (iv)         Revenue from International commerce retail is primarily generated from AliExpress, Trendyol and Lazada and
                        includes revenue from customer management services, sales of goods and logistics services.
            (v)         Revenue from International commerce wholesale is primarily generated from Alibaba.com and includes revenue
                        from membership fees and related value-added services and customer management services.
           (vi)         Revenue from Cloud Intelligence Group is primarily generated from the provision of cloud services, which include
                        public cloud services and non-public cloud services.
           (vii)        Revenue from Cainiao represents logistics services revenue from the domestic and cross-border fulfillment services.




276   Alibaba Group Holding Limited
                                                                       Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                    (For the Years Ended March 31, 2023, 2024 and 2025)


5. Revenue (Continued)

    (viii)              Revenue from Local Services Group primarily represents platform commissions, logistics services revenue from the
                        provision of on-demand delivery services and revenue from other services provided by Ele.me, and revenue from
                        software and technology services provided by Amap.
        (ix)            Revenue from Hujing Digital Media and Entertainment Group is primarily generated from Youku and Damai
                        Entertainment, and includes revenue from membership fees, content investment income, customer management
                        services and ticketing services.
         (x)            Revenue from All others represented revenue from businesses including Freshippo, Alibaba Health, Lingxi Games,
                        Intelligent Information Platform, Fliggy, DingTalk, Sun Art, Intime and other businesses. The majority of revenue
                        within All others consist of direct sales revenue, which is recorded on a gross basis. During the year ended March
                        31, 2025, the sale of Sun Art was completed and the sale of Intime was substantially completed. Details of the
                        disposals are set out in Note 4(b) and Note 4(c) respectively.
        (xi)            Inter-segment elimination consisted of revenue primarily from Cainiao and Cloud Intelligence Group.
        (xii)           For the year ended March 31, 2024, as a result of the change in composition in reportable segments (Note 28), the
                        Company reclassified revenue by segment. Figures for the year ended March 31, 2023 were reclassified to conform
                        to this presentation.
    Revenue by type is as follows:

                                                                                                   Year ended March 31,
                                                                                       2023                2024           2025
                                                                                       RMB                 RMB            RMB
                                                                                                       (in millions)
          Customer management services (i)                                               355,144            386,571        424,877
          Membership fees and value-added services                                        40,078             41,956         46,613
          Logistics services                                                              89,214            114,073        123,379
          Cloud services                                                                  76,648             76,459         84,517
          Sales of goods                                                                 271,016            283,273        274,276
          Other revenue (ii)                                                              36,587             38,836         42,685
                                                                                         868,687            941,168        996,347

 (i)            Customer management services mainly include CPC, CPM, time-based and CPS marketing and software services.
 (ii)           Other revenue includes revenue from self-developed online games, other value-added services provided through various
                platforms and businesses.

     The amount of revenue recognized for performance obligations satisfied (or partially satisfied) in prior periods for contracts with
     expected duration of more than one year during the years ended March 31, 2023, 2024 and 2025 were not material.




                                                                                                            Fiscal Year 2025 Annual Report   277
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      (For the Years Ended March 31, 2023, 2024 and 2025)


      6.   Leases

           The Company entered into operating lease agreements primarily for shops and malls, offices, warehouses and land. Certain lease
           agreements contain an option for the Company to renew a lease or an option to terminate a lease early. The Company considers
           these options in determining the classification and measurement of the leases.

           The leases may include variable payments based on measures such as the level of sales at a physical store, which are expensed as
           incurred.

           Components of operating lease cost are as follows:

                                                                                                    Year ended March 31,
                                                                                        2023                2024              2025
                                                                                        RMB                 RMB               RMB
                                                                                                        (in millions)
             Operating lease cost                                                          10,802             10,752              10,431
             Variable lease cost                                                              672                655                 621
             Total operating lease cost                                                    11,474             11,407              11,052

           For the years ended March 31, 2023, 2024 and 2025, cash payments for operating leases amounted to RMB8,050 million,
           RMB10,452 million and RMB7,637 million, respectively. For the years ended March 31, 2024 and 2025, the operating lease
           assets obtained in exchange for operating lease liabilities amounted to RMB7,969 million and RMB6,171 million, respectively.

           As of March 31, 2024 and 2025, the Company’s operating leases had a weighted average remaining lease term of 9.2 years and
           7.4 years, respectively. As of the same dates, the Company’s operating leases had a weighted average discount rate of 4.7% and
           4.6%, respectively. Future lease payments under operating leases as of March 31, 2025 are as follows:

                                                                                                                         Amounts
                                                                                                                           RMB
                                                                                                                       (in millions)
             For the year ending March 31,
             2026                                                                                                                  4,876
             2027                                                                                                                  3,654
             2028                                                                                                                  2,917
             2029                                                                                                                  2,451
             2030                                                                                                                  1,863
             Thereafter                                                                                                            6,676
                                                                                                                                  22,437
             Less: imputed interest                                                                                               (5,030)
             Total operating lease liabilities (Note 19)                                                                          17,407




278   Alibaba Group Holding Limited
                                                                   Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                (For the Years Ended March 31, 2023, 2024 and 2025)


7.   Income tax expenses

     Composition of income tax expenses

                                                                                             Year ended March 31,
                                                                                   2023              2024             2025
                                                                                   RMB               RMB              RMB
                                                                                                 (in millions)
         Current income tax expense                                                   17,266            27,792           35,071
         Deferred taxation                                                            (1,717)           (5,263)             374
                                                                                      15,549            22,529           35,445

     Under the current laws of the Cayman Islands, the Company is not subject to tax on its income or capital gains. In addition, upon
     payments of dividends by the Company to its shareholders, no Cayman Islands withholding tax is imposed. The Company’s
     subsidiaries incorporated in Hong Kong were subject to the Hong Kong profits tax rate at 16.5% for the years ended March 31,
     2023, 2024 and 2025. The Company’s subsidiaries incorporated in other jurisdictions were subject to income tax charges
     calculated according to the tax laws enacted or substantially enacted in the countries where they operate and generate income.

     Current income tax expense primarily includes the provision for PRC Enterprise Income Tax (“EIT”) for subsidiaries operating in
     the PRC and withholding tax on earnings that have been declared for distribution by PRC subsidiaries to offshore holding
     companies. Substantially all of the Company’s income before income tax and share of results of equity method investees are
     generated by these PRC subsidiaries. These subsidiaries are subject to EIT on their taxable income as reported in their respective
     statutory financial statements adjusted in accordance with the relevant tax laws, rules and regulations in the PRC.

     Under the PRC Enterprise Income Tax Law (the “EIT Law”), the standard enterprise income tax rate for domestic enterprises and
     foreign invested enterprises is 25%. In addition, the EIT Law provides for, among others, a preferential tax rate of 15% for
     enterprises qualified as High and New Technology Enterprises. Further, certain subsidiaries were recognized as Software
     Enterprises and thereby entitled to full exemption from EIT for two years beginning from their first profitable calendar year and a
     50% reduction for the subsequent three calendar years. In addition, a duly recognized Key Software Enterprise (“KSE”) within
     China’s national plan can enjoy a preferential EIT rate of 10%. The KSE status is subject to review by the relevant authorities
     every year and the timing of the annual review and notification by the relevant authorities may vary from year to year. The related
     reduction in tax expense as a result of official notification confirming the KSE status is accounted for upon the receipt of such
     notification.

     The tax status of the subsidiaries of the Company with major taxable profits is described below:

     •     Alibaba (China) Technology Co., Ltd. (“Alibaba China”), Taobao (China) Software Co., Ltd. (“Taobao China”) and Zhejiang
           Tmall Technology Co., Ltd. (“Tmall China”), entities primarily engaged in the operations of the Company’s wholesale
           marketplaces, Taobao and Tmall, respectively, and Alibaba (Beijing) Software Services Co., Ltd. (“Alibaba Beijing”) and
           Alibaba (China) Co., Ltd. (“China Co.”), entities primarily engaged in the operations of technology, software research and
           development and relevant services, were qualified as High and New Technology Enterprises. For the taxation years of 2022,
           2023 and 2024, Alibaba China, Taobao China, Tmall China, Alibaba Beijing and China Co. applied an EIT rate of 15% as
           High and New Technology Enterprises.

     Most of the remaining PRC entities of the Company are subject to EIT at 25% for the years ended March 31, 2023, 2024 and
     2025.




                                                                                                        Fiscal Year 2025 Annual Report     279
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      (For the Years Ended March 31, 2023, 2024 and 2025)


      7.     Income tax expenses (Continued)

             Composition of income tax expenses (Continued)

             Pursuant to the EIT Law, a 10% withholding tax is levied on dividends declared by PRC companies to their foreign investors. A
             lower withholding tax rate of 5% is applicable if direct foreign investors with at least 25% equity interest in the PRC company are
             incorporated in Hong Kong and meet the relevant requirements pursuant to the tax arrangement between Chinese mainland and
             Hong Kong S.A.R. Since the equity holders of the major PRC subsidiaries of the Company are Hong Kong incorporated
             companies and meet the relevant requirements pursuant to the tax arrangement between Chinese mainland and Hong Kong
             S.A.R., the Company has used 5% to provide for deferred tax liabilities on retained earnings which are anticipated to be
             distributed. As of March 31, 2025, the Company has accrued the withholding tax on substantially all of the distributable earnings
             of the PRC subsidiaries, except for those undistributed earnings that the Company intends to invest indefinitely in the PRC which
             amounted to RMB362.6 billion.

             Composition of deferred tax assets and liabilities

                                                                                                                   As of March 31,
                                                                                                            2024                     2025
                                                                                                            RMB                      RMB
                                                                                                                    (in millions)
                 Deferred tax assets
                 Licensed copyrights                                                                             5,527                   6,351
                 Tax losses carried forward and others (i)                                                      52,410                  66,120
                                                                                                                57,937                  72,471
                 Valuation allowance (ii)                                                                      (46,576)                (59,310)
                 Total deferred tax assets                                                                      11,361                  13,161

                 Deferred tax liabilities
                 Identifiable intangible assets                                                                (14,176)                 (5,122)
                 Withholding tax on undistributed earnings (iii)                                                (8,170)                 (8,559)
                 Equity method investees and others (iv)                                                       (30,666)                (34,773)
                 Total deferred tax liabilities                                                                (53,012)                (48,454)
                 Net deferred tax liabilities                                                                  (41,651)                (35,293)

           (i)     Others generally represent deferred tax assets for property and equipment, investments in equity method investees, equity
                   securities and other investments, as well as accrued expenses which are not deductible until paid under PRC tax laws.

       (ii)        Change in valuation allowances generally represents valuation allowances provided on the deferred tax assets related to the
                   tax losses carried forward, property and equipment, as well as investments in equity securities and other investments due to
                   the uncertainty surrounding their realization. If events occur in the future that improve the certainty of realization, an
                   adjustment to the valuation allowances will be made and consequently income tax expenses will be reduced.

      (iii)        The related deferred tax liabilities as of March 31, 2024 and 2025 were provided on the assumption that substantially all of
                   the distributable earnings of PRC subsidiaries will be distributed as dividends, except for those undistributed earnings that the
                   Company intends to invest indefinitely in the PRC which amounted to RMB304.7 billion and RMB362.6 billion,
                   respectively.

      (iv)         Deferred tax liabilities for investments in equity method investees mainly includes the deferred tax effect on the gain in
                   relation to the receipt of the 33% equity interest in Ant Group of RMB19.7 billion. Others primarily represents deferred tax
                   liabilities for investments in equity securities and other investments.




280   Alibaba Group Holding Limited
                                                                        Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                   (For the Years Ended March 31, 2023, 2024 and 2025)


7.     Income tax expenses (Continued)

       Composition of deferred tax assets and liabilities (Continued)

       As of March 31, 2025, the accumulated tax losses of subsidiaries incorporated in Singapore, Türkiye and Hong Kong S.A.R.,
       subject to the agreement of the relevant tax authorities, of RMB41,583 million, RMB7,078 million and RMB6,012 million,
       respectively, are allowed to be carried forward to offset against future taxable profits. The carry forward of tax losses in
       Singapore and Hong Kong S.A.R. generally has no time limit, while the tax losses in Türkiye will expire, if unused, in the years
       ending March 31, 2026 through 2030. The accumulated tax losses of subsidiaries incorporated in the PRC, subject to the
       agreement of the PRC tax authorities, of RMB147,839 million as of March 31, 2025 will expire, if unused, in the years ending
       March 31, 2026 through 2035.

       Reconciliation of the differences between the statutory EIT rate applicable to profits of the consolidated entities and the income
       tax expenses of the Company:

                                                                                                   Year ended March 31,
                                                                                      2023                   2024                 2025
                                                                                      RMB                   RMB                  RMB
                                                                                             (in millions, except per share data)
           Income before income tax and share of result of equity method
            investees                                                                   89,185               101,596              155,455
           Income tax computed at statutory EIT rate (25%)                              22,296                25,399               38,864
           Effect of different tax rates available to different jurisdictions             (153)               (1,095)              (1,089)
           Effect of tax holiday and preferential tax benefit on assessable
            profits of subsidiaries incorporated in the PRC                            (13,679)              (14,135)             (20,258)
           Non-deductible expenses and non-taxable income, net (i)                      16,870                11,006               10,673
           Additional deductions of certain research and development expenses
            incurred by subsidiaries in the PRC (ii)                                    (8,282)                (9,415)              (9,320)
           Withholding tax on the earnings distributed and anticipated to be
            remitted                                                                     5,312                 6,127                5,938
           Change in valuation allowance and others (iii)                               (6,815)                4,642               10,637
           Income tax expenses                                                          15,549                22,529               35,445
           Effect of tax holidays inside the PRC on basic earnings per share              0.65                  0.70                 1.08
           Effect of tax holidays inside the PRC on basic earnings per ADS                5.22                  5.60                 8.62

     (i)     Expenses not deductible for tax purposes and non-taxable income generally represent impairment of goodwill, investment
             income or loss and share-based compensation expense.

 (ii)        This amount represents tax incentives relating to the research and development expenses of certain major operating
             subsidiaries in the PRC.

(iii)        Change in valuation allowance generally represents valuation allowance for temporary differences associated with tax losses,
             property and equipment and investments in equity securities and other investments. Besides, others primarily represents other
             tax benefits which were not previously recognized as well as deferred tax effect for temporary differences in relation to
             certain investments in equity method investees.




                                                                                                             Fiscal Year 2025 Annual Report   281
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      (For the Years Ended March 31, 2023, 2024 and 2025)


      8.   Share-based awards

      (a) Share-based awards relating to ordinary shares of the Company

           Share-based awards such as RSUs, incentive and non-statutory stock options, restricted shares, dividend equivalents, share
           appreciation rights and share payments may be granted to any directors, employees and consultants of the Company or affiliated
           companies under equity incentive plans adopted since the inception of the Company.

           The 2014 Post-IPO Equity Incentive Plan (the “2014 Plan”) was adopted in September 2014 and has a ten-year term. No further
           awards will be granted under the plan as from September 18, 2024. Any shares authorized but unissued under the 2014 Plan will
           no longer be available for granting. The share-based awards already granted under the 2014 Plan will remain in full force and
           effect pursuant to the terms and conditions of the 2014 Plan. Eight ordinary shares are issuable upon the vesting or the exercise of
           one share-based award under the 2014 Plan.

           The 2024 Equity Incentive Plan (the “2024 Plan”) and the 2024 Equity Incentive Plan (Existing Shares) (the “2024 Plan (Existing
           Shares)”) (collectively, the “2024 equity incentive plans”) were adopted in August 2024 and have a ten-year term. As of the
           adoption date of the 2024 Plan and 2024 Plan (Existing Shares), the number of share-based awards available for grant under the
           scheme mandates were 483,000,000 and 517,000,000 ordinary shares, respectively. As of March 31, 2025, the number of shares
           authorized but unissued under the 2024 Plan and 2024 Plan (Existing Shares) were 473,488,465 and 514,066,668 ordinary shares,
           respectively. One ordinary share is issuable upon the vesting or the exercise of one share-based award under the 2024 equity
           incentive plans.

           RSUs

           The 2014 Plan

           A summary of the changes in the RSUs relating to ordinary shares granted by the Company under the 2014 Plan during the year
           ended March 31, 2025 is as follows:

                                                                                                                          Weighted-
                                                                                                                           average
                                                                                                       Number             grant date
                                                                                                     of RSUs (iii)        fair value
                                                                                                                             US$
             Awarded and unvested as of April 1, 2024                                                   64,446,461               116.85
             Granted                                                                                    11,553,472                87.51
             Vested                                                                                    (24,683,544)              135.52
             Canceled/forfeited                                                                         (6,456,911)              105.56
             Awarded and unvested as of March 31, 2025 (i)                                              44,859,478               100.65
             Expected to vest as of March 31, 2025 (ii)                                                 39,171,294               102.89




282   Alibaba Group Holding Limited
                                                                       Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                    (For the Years Ended March 31, 2023, 2024 and 2025)


8.     Share-based awards (Continued)

(a) Share-based awards relating to ordinary shares of the Company (Continued)

       RSUs (Continued)

       The 2024 equity incentive plans

       A summary of the changes in the RSUs relating to ordinary shares granted by the Company under the 2024 equity incentive plans
       during the year ended March 31, 2025 is as follows:

                                                                                                                          Weighted-
                                                                                                                           average
                                                                                                   Number                 grant date
                                                                                                 of RSUs (iv)             fair value
                                                                                                                             HK$
           Awarded and unvested as of April 1, 2024                                                          -                       -
           Granted                                                                                  10,157,479                  123.46
           Vested                                                                                      (76,000)                  85.25
           Canceled/forfeited                                                                         (645,944)                 127.06
           Awarded and unvested as of March 31, 2025 (i)                                             9,435,535                  123.53
           Expected to vest as of March 31, 2025 (ii)                                                8,309,041                  123.73


     (i)     No outstanding RSUs will be vested after the expiry of a period of up to ten years from the date of grant.
 (ii)        RSUs expected to vest are the result of applying the pre-vesting forfeiture rate assumptions to total outstanding RSUs.
(iii)        Eight ordinary shares are issuable upon the vesting or the exercise of one share-based award under the 2014 Plan.
(iv)         One ordinary share is issuable upon the vesting or the exercise of one share-based award under the 2024 equity incentive
             plans.


        As of March 31, 2025, there were RMB8,641 million of unamortized compensation costs related to all outstanding RSUs, net of
        expected forfeitures. These amounts are expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of 1.8 years.

        During the years ended March 31, 2023, 2024 and 2025, the Company recognized share-based compensation expense of
        RMB24,410 million, RMB17,734 million and RMB10,772 million, respectively, in connection with the above RSUs.




                                                                                                           Fiscal Year 2025 Annual Report   283
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      (For the Years Ended March 31, 2023, 2024 and 2025)


      8.     Share-based awards (Continued)

      (a) Share-based awards relating to ordinary shares of the Company (Continued)

             Share options

             The 2014 Plan

             A summary of the changes in the share options relating to ordinary shares granted by the Company under the 2014 Plan during
             the year ended March 31, 2025 is as follows:

                                                                                                                                  Weighted
                                                                                                                Weighted           average
                                                                                               Number           average           remaining
                                                                                               of share         exercise         contractual
                                                                                              options (iii)      price                life
                                                                                                                  US$             (in years)
                   Outstanding as of April 1, 2024                                               6,834,667            85.77                5.5
                   Granted                                                                         150,000            84.60                7.1
                   Exercised                                                                      (181,000)           26.00                 —
                   Canceled/forfeited                                                             (168,000)           26.00                 —
                   Outstanding as of March 31, 2025                                              6,635,667            88.89                4.5
                   Vested and exercisable as of March 31, 2025 (i)                               4,475,667            98.65                3.0
                   Vested and expected to vest as of March 31, 2025 (ii)                         6,619,558            89.04                4.5

             The 2024 equity incentive plans

             A summary of the changes in the share options relating to ordinary shares granted by the Company under the 2024 equity
             incentive plans during the year ended March 31, 2025 is as follows:

                                                                                                                                  Weighted
                                                                                                                Weighted           average
                                                                                              Number            average           remaining
                                                                                              of share          exercise         contractual
                                                                                             options (iv)        price                life
                                                                                                                 HK$              (in years)
                   Outstanding as of April 1, 2024                                                     —                 —                  —
                   Granted                                                                      2,933,332             68.00                5.9
                   Outstanding as of March 31, 2025                                             2,933,332             68.00                5.9
                   Vested and exercisable as of March 31, 2025 (i)                                     —                 —                  —
                   Vested and expected to vest as of March 31, 2025 (ii)                        2,698,650             68.00                5.9

           (i)       No outstanding share options will be vested or exercisable after the expiry of a period of up to twelve and ten years from the
                     date of grant under the 2014 Plan and the 2024 equity incentive plans, respectively.
       (ii)          Share options expected to vest are the result of applying the pre-vesting forfeiture rate assumptions to total outstanding share
                     options.
      (iii)          Eight ordinary shares are issuable upon the vesting or the exercise of one share-based award under the 2014 Plan.
      (iv)           One ordinary share is issuable upon the vesting or the exercise of one share-based award under the 2024 equity incentive
                     plans.

                 As of March 31, 2025, the aggregate intrinsic value of all outstanding options was RMB2,614 million. As of the same date, the
                 aggregate intrinsic value of options that were vested and exercisable and options that were vested and expected to vest was
                 RMB1,454 million and RMB2,588 million, respectively.
      8.         Share-based awards (Continued)

      (a) Share-based awards relating to ordinary shares of the Company (Continued)

                 Share options (Continued)




284   Alibaba Group Holding Limited
                                                                       Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                     (For the Years Ended March 31, 2023, 2024 and 2025)


    During the years ended March 31, 2023, 2024 and 2025, the weighted average grant date fair value of share options granted was
    nil, US$40.30 and US$73.95, respectively, and the total grant date fair value of options vested during the same years was
    RMB327 million, RMB238 million and RMB408 million, respectively. During the same years, the aggregate intrinsic value of
    share options exercised was RMB67 million, RMB382 million and RMB128 million, respectively.

    Cash received from option exercises under the share option plans for the years ended March 31, 2023, 2024 and 2025 was RMB8
    million, RMB843 million and RMB10 million, respectively.

    No share options were granted during the year ended March 31, 2023. The fair value of each option granted during the years
    ended March 31, 2024 and 2025 is estimated on the measurement date using the Black-Scholes model by applying the
    assumptions below:

                                                                                                         Year ended March 31,
                                                                                                       2024                2025
          Risk-free interest rate (i)                                                                       4.50%       3.36% - 4.49%
          Expected dividend yield (ii)                                                                         0%                   0%
          Expected life (years) (iii)                                                                         6.50          4.45 - 4.75
          Expected volatility (iv)                                                                         44.80%     48.51% - 49.44%

 (i)        Risk-free interest rate is based on the yields of United States Treasury securities with maturities similar to the expected life of
            the share options in effect on the measurement date.
 (ii)       For the share options granted during the years ended March 31, 2024 and 2025, expected dividend yield is nil as the
            Company decided to pay upon the exercise of such share options in an amount equivalent to the dividends as detailed in Note
            30 to the participants.
(iii)       Expected life of share options is based on management’s estimate on timing of exercise of share options.
(iv)        Expected volatility is assumed based on the historical volatility of the Company in the period equal to the expected life of
            each grant.

        As of March 31, 2025, there were RMB547 million of unamortized compensation costs related to these outstanding share options,
        net of expected forfeitures. These amounts are expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of 2.5 years.

        During the years ended March 31, 2023, 2024 and 2025, the Company recognized share-based compensation expense of RMB490
        million, RMB240 million and RMB349 million, respectively, in connection with the above share options.

        Following the dividends as detailed in Note 30, the Company decided to pay upon vesting of certain RSUs or exercise of certain
        share options in an amount equivalent to the dividends to the participants. This arrangement has no impact to the classification
        and vesting condition of the awards.

(b) Share-based awards relating to Ant Group

        Prior to 2023, certain employees of the Company were granted share-based awards by Ant Group and Hangzhou Junhan Equity
        Investment Partnership (“Junhan”), a major equity holder of Ant Group. These awards tied to the valuation of Ant Group and are
        settled by respective grantors upon disposal of these awards by the holders, vesting or exercise of these awards, depending on the
        forms of these awards. In addition, Junhan and Ant Group have the right to repurchase the vested awards (or any underlying
        equity for the settlement of the vested awards) granted by them, as applicable, from the holders upon an initial public offering of
        Ant Group or the termination of the holders’ employment with the Company at a price to be determined based on the then fair
        market value of Ant Group.




                                                                                                            Fiscal Year 2025 Annual Report        285
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      (For the Years Ended March 31, 2023, 2024 and 2025)


      8.   Share-based awards (Continued)

      (b) Share-based awards relating to Ant Group (Continued)

           For accounting purposes, these awards meet the definition of a financial derivative. The cost relating to these awards is
           recognized by the Company and the related expense is recognized over the requisite service period in the consolidated income
           statements with a corresponding credit to additional paid-in capital. Subsequent changes in the fair value of these awards are
           recorded in the consolidated income statements. The expenses relating to these awards are remeasured at the fair value on each
           reporting date until their settlement dates. The fair value of the underlying equity is primarily determined based on the
           contemporaneous valuation report, external information and information obtained from Ant Group.

           During the years ended March 31, 2023, 2024 and 2025, the Company recognized expenses of RMB668 million, a net reversal of
           RMB6,691 million and expenses of RMB4 million, respectively, in respect of the share-based awards relating to Ant Group.

           Starting from April 2020, the parties agreed to settle with each other the cost associated with certain share-based awards granted
           to each other’s employees upon vesting. The settlement amounts under this arrangement depend on the values of Ant Group
           share-based awards granted to the Company’s employees and the Company’s share-based awards granted to employees of Ant
           Group, in which the net settlement amount is insignificant to the Company.

           Share-based awards relating to ordinary shares of the Company and Ant Group are generally subject to a four-year vesting
           schedule as determined by the administrator of the plans, or a vesting period of up to ten years for certain management members
           of the Company.

      (c) Share-based compensation expense by function

                                                                                                      Year ended March 31,
                                                                                          2023                2024           2025
                                                                                          RMB                 RMB            RMB
                                                                                                          (in millions)
             Cost of revenue                                                                  5,710              3,012           2,162
             Product development expenses                                                    13,514              7,623           6,700
             Sales and marketing expenses                                                     3,710              2,265           2,137
             General and administrative expenses                                              7,897              5,646           4,578
                                                                                             30,831             18,546          15,577

      9.   Earnings per share/ADS

           Each ADS represents eight ordinary shares.

           Basic earnings per share is computed by dividing net income attributable to ordinary shareholders by the weighted average
           number of outstanding ordinary shares, adjusted for treasury shares. Basic earnings per ADS is derived from the basic earnings
           per share.

           For the calculation of diluted earnings per share, net income attributable to ordinary shareholders for basic earnings per share is
           adjusted by the effect of dilutive securities, including share-based awards, under the treasury stock method and convertible
           unsecured senior notes under the if-converted method. Certain potentially dilutive securities, of which the amounts are
           insignificant, and the capped call transactions in connection with the issuance of the convertible unsecured senior notes have been
           excluded from the computation of diluted net income per share as their inclusion is anti-dilutive. Diluted earnings per ADS is
           derived from the diluted earnings per share.




286   Alibaba Group Holding Limited
                                                                       Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                   (For the Years Ended March 31, 2023, 2024 and 2025)


9.     Earnings per share/ADS (Continued)

       The following table sets forth the computation of basic and diluted net income per share/ADS for the following periods:

                                                                                                   Year ended March 31,
                                                                                      2023                   2024                 2025
                                                                                      RMB                    RMB                  RMB
                                                                                             (in millions, except per share data)
           Earnings per share
           Numerator:
           Net income attributable to ordinary shareholders for computing
            net income per ordinary share — basic                                        72,509                79,741             129,470
           Dilution effect on earnings arising from equity-settled share-based
            awards operated by equity method investees and subsidiaries                       (38)               (228)                   (300)
           Adjustments for interest expense attributable to convertible
            unsecured senior notes                                                             —                     —                   235
           Net income attributable to ordinary shareholders for
            computing net income per ordinary share — diluted                            72,471                79,513             129,405

           Shares (denominator):
           Weighted average number of shares used in calculating net
            income per ordinary share — basic (million shares)                           20,980                20,182              18,791
           Adjustments for dilutive RSUs and share options (million shares)                 134                   177                 200
           Adjustments for convertible unsecured senior notes
            (million shares)                                                                   —                     —                   327
           Weighted average number of shares used in calculating net
            income per ordinary share — diluted (million shares)                         21,114                20,359              19,318

           Net income per ordinary share — basic (RMB)                                       3.46                 3.95                   6.89
           Net income per ordinary share — diluted (RMB)                                     3.43                 3.91                   6.70

           Earnings per ADS
           Net income per ADS — basic (RMB)                                               27.65                 31.61                  55.12
           Net income per ADS — diluted (RMB)                                             27.46                 31.24                  53.59

10. Restricted cash and escrow receivables

                                                                                                              As of March 31,
                                                                                                       2024                     2025
                                                                                                       RMB                      RMB
                                                                                                               (in millions)
           Buyer protection fund deposits from merchants on the marketplaces (i)                            30,924                  35,962
           Others                                                                                            7,375                   7,819
                                                                                                            38,299                  43,781

     (i)     The amount represents buyer protection fund deposits received from merchants on the Company’s marketplaces, which are
             restricted for the purpose of compensating buyers for claims against merchants. A corresponding liability is recorded in other
             deposits and advances received under accrued expenses, accounts payable and other liabilities (Note 19) on the consolidated
             balance sheets.




                                                                                                              Fiscal Year 2025 Annual Report     287
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      (For the Years Ended March 31, 2023, 2024 and 2025)


      11. Equity securities and other investments

                                                                                                    As of March 31, 2024
                                                                                       Original         Cumulative         Carrying
                                                                                        cost              net losses        value
                                                                                        RMB                 RMB             RMB
                                                                                                        (in millions)
            Equity securities:
              Listed equity securities                                                     92,456            (25,275)          67,181
              Investments in privately held companies                                     110,863            (14,385)          96,478
            Debt investments:
              Debt securities and loan investments                                         20,723             (9,641)          11,082
              Other treasury investments                                                  106,150                 —           106,150
                                                                                          330,192            (49,301)         280,891

                                                                                                    As of March 31, 2025
                                                                                       Original          Cumulative        Carrying
                                                                                        cost          net (losses) gains    value
                                                                                        RMB                 RMB             RMB
                                                                                                        (in millions)
            Equity securities:
              Listed equity securities                                                     79,024             (1,394)          77,630
              Investments in privately held companies                                     113,646            (17,479)          96,167
            Debt investments:
              Debt securities and loan investments                                         15,009             (6,224)           8,785
              Other treasury investments                                                  227,935                 81          228,016
                                                                                          435,614            (25,016)         410,598

          Details of the significant additions during the years ended March 31, 2023, 2024 and 2025 are set out in Note 4.

          Equity securities

          For equity securities which were still held as of March 31, 2023, 2024 and 2025, net unrealized (losses) gains, including
          impairment losses, of RMB(29,481) million, RMB(28,790) million and RMB16,746 million, respectively, were recognized in
          interest and investment income, net, for the years ended March 31, 2023, 2024 and 2025.

          Investments in privately held companies include equity investments for which the Company elected to account for using the
          measurement alternative (Note 2(t)), for which the carrying value as of March 31, 2024 and 2025 were RMB89,660 million and
          RMB88,728 million, respectively.

          For equity investments accounted for using the measurement alternative as of March 31, 2024, the Company recorded cumulative
          upward adjustments of RMB20,965 million and cumulative impairments and downward adjustments of RMB32,760 million. For
          these investments, the Company recorded upward adjustments of RMB8,121 million and impairments and downward adjustments
          of RMB11,585 million during the year ended March 31, 2024.

          For equity investments accounted for using the measurement alternative as of March 31, 2025, the Company recorded cumulative
          upward adjustments of RMB27,197 million and cumulative impairments and downward adjustments of RMB44,232 million. For
          these investments, the Company recorded upward adjustments of RMB8,345 million and impairments and downward adjustments
          of RMB10,033 million during the year ended March 31, 2025.




288   Alibaba Group Holding Limited
                                                                     Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                   (For the Years Ended March 31, 2023, 2024 and 2025)


11. Equity securities and other investments (Continued)

    Debt investments

    Debt investments include convertible and exchangeable bonds accounted for under the fair value option, for which the fair value
    as of March 31, 2024 and 2025 were RMB3,344 million and RMB963 million, respectively. The aggregate fair value of these
    convertible and exchangeable bonds was lower than their aggregate unpaid principal balance as of March 31, 2024 and 2025 by
    RMB4,607 million and RMB2,420 million, respectively. Unrealized losses recorded on these convertible and exchangeable bonds
    in the consolidated income statements were RMB262 million, RMB1,225 million and RMB17 million during the years ended
    March 31, 2023, 2024 and 2025, respectively.

    Debt investments also include debt investments accounted for at amortized cost, for which the allowance for credit losses as of
    March 31, 2024 and 2025 were RMB5,034 million and RMB3,779 million, respectively.

    During the years ended March 31, 2023, 2024 and 2025, (reversal of impairment losses) impairment losses on these debt
    investments of RMB(356) million, RMB872 million and RMB(1,175) million, respectively, were recorded in interest and
    investment income, net in the consolidated income statements.

    As of March 31, 2024 and 2025, repayment of loans provided to shareholders of equity method investees with total principal
    amount of RMB5,527 million and RMB5,529 million, respectively, was expected to be provided substantially through the sale of
    collateral. Expected credit losses for these loans were assessed on an individual basis, based on the fair value of the corresponding
    shares pledged as collateral as of the reporting date, adjusted for selling costs as appropriate. The fair value of the collateral as of
    March 31, 2024 and 2025 were RMB3,304 million and RMB4,325 million, respectively. There was no commitment to lend
    additional funds.

    The carrying amount of debt investments accounted for at amortized cost approximates their fair value due to the fact that the
    related effective interest rates approximate rates currently offered by financial institutions for similar debt instruments of
    comparable maturities.

    Other treasury investments mainly comprise of investments in fixed deposits, certificates of deposits and marketable debt
    securities with original maturities over one year for treasury purposes.

12. Fair value measurement

    Fair value is defined as the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction
    between market participants at the measurement date. To increase the comparability of fair value measures, the following
    hierarchy prioritizes the inputs to valuation methodologies used to measure fair value:

         Level 1 — Valuations based on unadjusted quoted prices for identical assets and liabilities in active markets.
         Level 2 — Valuations based on observable inputs other than quoted prices included in Level 1, such as quoted prices for
                   similar assets and liabilities in active markets, quoted prices for identical or similar assets and liabilities in
                   markets that are not active, or other inputs that are observable or can be corroborated by observable market
                   data.
         Level 3 — Valuations based on unobservable inputs reflecting assumptions, consistent with reasonably available
                   assumptions made by other market participants. These valuations require significant judgment.




                                                                                                           Fiscal Year 2025 Annual Report      289
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      (For the Years Ended March 31, 2023, 2024 and 2025)


      12. Fair value measurement (Continued)

         Fair value of listed equity investments are based on quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities and, if
         applicable, are adjusted for the characteristic included in the equity security. The valuation of unlisted equity investments that do
         not have a quoted price may include the use of market and income valuation approaches and the use of estimates, which may
         include discount rates, investees’ liquidity and financial performance, and market data of comparable companies in similar
         industries. Certain other financial instruments, such as interest rate swap contracts and certain option agreements, are valued
         based on inputs derived from or corroborated by observable market data. Valuations of convertible and exchangeable bonds that
         do not have a quoted price are generally performed using valuation models such as the binomial model with unobservable inputs
         including risk-free interest rate and expected volatility. The valuation of contingent consideration is performed using an expected
         cash flow method with unobservable inputs including the probability to achieve the contingencies, which is assessed by the
         Company, in connection with the contingent consideration arrangements. Investments in privately held companies for which the
         Company elected to record using the measurement alternative are remeasured on a non-recurring basis, and are categorized within
         Level 3 under the fair value hierarchy. The values are estimated based on valuation methods using the observable transaction
         price at the transaction date and considering the rights and obligations of the securities and other unobservable inputs including
         volatility.

         The following table summarizes the Company’s assets and liabilities that are measured at fair value on a recurring basis and are
         categorized under the fair value hierarchy:

                                                                                       As of March 31, 2024
                                                                Level 1             Level 2               Level 3          Total
                                                                 RMB                 RMB                   RMB             RMB
                                                                                            (in millions)
           Assets
           Time deposits and certificate of deposits (i)                —              339,730                     —         339,730
           Wealth management products (i)                               —               20,784                     —          20,784
           Marketable debt securities (i)                               —                8,591                     —           8,591
           Restricted cash and escrow receivables                   38,299                  —                      —          38,299
           Listed equity securities (ii)                            67,181                  —                      —          67,181
           Convertible and exchangeable bonds (ii)                      —                  147                  3,197          3,344
           Option agreements (iii)                                      —                   90                    165            255
           Others (vi)                                                  —                2,255                  5,593          7,848
                                                                   105,480             371,597                  8,955        486,032
           Liabilities
           Contingent consideration in relation to
            investments and acquisitions (iv)                             —                  —                    713                713
           Others (iv)                                                    —                  24                   801                825
                                                                          —                  24                 1,514              1,538




290   Alibaba Group Holding Limited
                                                                      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                (For the Years Ended March 31, 2023, 2024 and 2025)


12. Fair value measurement (Continued)

                                                                                  As of March 31, 2025
                                                            Level 1            Level 2               Level 3                Total
                                                             RMB                RMB                   RMB                   RMB
                                                                                       (in millions)
        Assets
        Time deposits and certificate of deposits (i)               —             357,569                    —                 357,569
        Wealth management products (i)                              —              83,144                    —                  83,144
        Marketable debt securities (i)                              —              16,129                    —                  16,129
        Restricted cash and escrow receivables                  43,781                 —                     —                  43,781
        Listed equity securities (ii)(v)                        67,712              9,918                    —                  77,630
        Convertible and exchangeable bonds (ii)                     —                 145                   818                    963
        Option agreements (iii)                                     —                  87                   814                    901
        Deferred consideration (iii)                                —                  —                  3,039                  3,039
        Others (vi)                                                 —               1,329                 6,047                  7,376
                                                               111,493            468,321                10,718                590,532
        Liabilities
        Contingent consideration in relation to
         investments and acquisitions (iv)                            —                 —                    484                      484
        Others (iv)                                                   —                389                   924                    1,313
                                                                      —                389                 1,408                    1,797

 (i)      Included in short-term investments and equity securities and other investments on the consolidated balance sheets.
 (ii)     Included in equity securities and other investments on the consolidated balance sheets.
(iii)     Included in prepayments, receivables and other assets on the consolidated balance sheets.
(iv)      Included in accrued expenses, accounts payable and other liabilities on the consolidated balance sheets.
 (v)      As of March 31, 2025, listed equity securities with fair value of RMB11,921 million were subject to contractual sale
          restrictions.
(vi)      Others primarily represent other investments with underlying assets measured at fair value.

     Convertible and exchangeable bonds categorized within Level 3 under the fair value hierarchy:

                                                                                                                     Amounts
                                                                                                                       RMB
                                                                                                                   (in millions)
        Balance as of March 31, 2023                                                                                                6,392
        Additions                                                                                                                     730
        Net decrease in fair value                                                                                                 (1,243)
        Disposal                                                                                                                   (2,645)
        Conversion                                                                                                                   (107)
        Foreign currency translation adjustments                                                                                       70
        Balance as of March 31, 2024                                                                                                3,197
        Additions                                                                                                                     311
        Net increase in fair value                                                                                                     63
        Disposal                                                                                                                   (1,767)
        Conversion                                                                                                                   (985)
        Foreign currency translation adjustments                                                                                       (1)
        Balance as of March 31, 2025                                                                                                  818




                                                                                                          Fiscal Year 2025 Annual Report     291
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      (For the Years Ended March 31, 2023, 2024 and 2025)


      12. Fair value measurement (Continued)
          Deferred consideration categorized within Level 3 under the fair value hierarchy:

                                                                                                                       Amounts
                                                                                                                         RMB
                                                                                                                      (in millions)
              Balance as of March 31, 2024                                                                                                —
              Additions                                                                                                                3,022
              Net increase in fair value                                                                                                  14
              Foreign currency translation adjustments                                                                                     3
              Balance as of March 31, 2025                                                                                             3,039

      13. Prepayments, receivables and other assets

                                                                                                              As of March 31,
                                                                                                       2024                     2025
                                                                                                       RMB                      RMB
                                                                                                               (in millions)
              Current:
              Accounts receivable and contract assets, net of allowance                                    30,686                  31,172
              Inventories                                                                                  25,460                  18,887
              VAT receivables, net of allowance                                                            19,904                  26,336
              Prepaid cost of revenue, sales and marketing and other expenses                              17,784                  20,556
              Advances to/receivables from customers, merchants and others                                 11,508                  52,976
              Amounts due from related companies                                                            8,257                  12,058
              Interest receivables                                                                         10,055                   6,533
              Deferred direct selling costs and cost of revenue (i)                                         6,482                   5,365
              Others                                                                                       13,400                  28,292
                                                                                                          143,536                 202,175
              Non-current:
              Operating lease right-of-use assets                                                          76,927                     39,202
              Deferred tax assets (Note 7)                                                                 11,361                     13,161
              Film costs and prepayment for licensed copyrights and others                                 12,073                     12,889
              Prepayment for acquisition of property and equipment                                         11,345                      6,799
              Others                                                                                        4,396                     11,380
                                                                                                          116,102                     83,431


        (i)     The Company is obligated to pay certain costs upon the receipt of membership fees from merchants or other customers,
                which primarily consist of sales commissions, and certain costs associated with cloud services. The membership fees and
                cloud services revenue are initially deferred and recognized as revenue in the consolidated income statements in the period in
                which the services are rendered. As such, the related costs are also initially deferred and recognized in the consolidated
                income statements in the same period as the related service fees and revenue are recognized.




292   Alibaba Group Holding Limited
                                                                   Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                (For the Years Ended March 31, 2023, 2024 and 2025)


14. Investments in equity method investees

                                                                                                                   Amounts
                                                                                                                     RMB
                                                                                                                 (in millions)

        Balance as of March 31, 2023                                                                                      207,380
        Additions                                                                                                           3,605
        Share of results, other comprehensive income and other reserves (i)                                                 2,739
        Disposals                                                                                                          (1,069)
        Distributions                                                                                                      (1,258)
        Transfers                                                                                                              32
        Impairment loss (ii)                                                                                               (9,895)
        Foreign currency translation adjustments                                                                            1,597
        Balance as of March 31, 2024                                                                                      203,131
        Additions                                                                                                           3,827
        Share of results, other comprehensive income and other reserves (i)                                                 8,794
        Disposals                                                                                                          (2,606)
        Distributions                                                                                                      (3,906)
        Transfers                                                                                                           3,559
        Impairment loss (ii)                                                                                               (2,723)
        Foreign currency translation adjustments                                                                               93
        Balance as of March 31, 2025                                                                                      210,169

 (i)      Share of results, other comprehensive income and other reserves include the share of results of the equity method investees,
          the gain or loss arising from the deemed disposal of the equity method investees and basis differences arising from equity
          method investees. The amount excludes the expenses relating to the share-based awards underlying the equity of the
          Company and Ant Group granted to employees of certain equity method investees.

 (ii)     Impairment loss recorded represents other-than-temporary decline in fair value below the carrying value of the investments in
          equity method investees. The valuation inputs for the fair value measurement with respect to the impairments include the
          stock price for equity method investees that are listed, as well as certain unobservable inputs that are not subject to
          meaningful aggregation.

     As of March 31, 2025, equity method investments with an aggregate carrying amount of RMB25,033 million are publicly traded
     and the total market value of these investments amounted to RMB29,583 million. As of March 31, 2025, the Company’s retained
     earnings included undistributed earnings from equity method investees of RMB54,595 million.

    For the years ended March 31, 2023, 2024 and 2025, equity method investments held by the Company in aggregate have met the
    significance criteria as defined under Rule 4-08(g) of Regulation S-X. As such, the Company is required to present summarized
    financial information for all of its equity method investments as a group as follows:

                                                                                             Year ended March 31,
                                                                                   2023              2024               2025
                                                                                   RMB               RMB                RMB
                                                                                                 (in millions)
        Operating data:
        Revenue                                                                      441,495          451,861             473,328
        Cost of revenue                                                             (297,895)        (312,422)           (339,466)
        Income from operations                                                        27,163           56,646              43,488
        Net (loss) income                                                            (86,761)          75,820              47,012




                                                                                                       Fiscal Year 2025 Annual Report     293
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      (For the Years Ended March 31, 2023, 2024 and 2025)


      14. Investments in equity method investees (Continued)

                                                                                                           As of March 31,
                                                                                                    2024                     2025
                                                                                                    RMB                      RMB
                                                                                                            (in millions)
            Balance sheet data:
            Current assets                                                                            619,857                  695,532
            Non-current assets                                                                        788,137                  930,191
            Current liabilities                                                                       469,259                  494,677
            Non-current liabilities                                                                    83,997                  132,780
            Noncontrolling interests and mezzanine equity                                              13,863                   16,991

      15. Property and equipment, net

                                                                                                           As of March 31,
                                                                                                    2024                     2025
                                                                                                    RMB                      RMB
                                                                                                            (in millions)
            Building, property improvements and other property                                         135,132                 104,600
            Computer equipment and software                                                            117,458                 157,252
            Construction in progress                                                                    42,677                  54,849
            Furniture, office and transportation equipment and others                                   20,367                  15,064
                                                                                                       315,634                 331,765
            Less: accumulated depreciation and impairment                                             (130,473)               (128,417)
            Net book value                                                                             185,161                 203,348

          Depreciation expenses recognized for the years ended March 31, 2023, 2024 and 2025 were RMB24,654 million, RMB23,344
          million and RMB24,515 million, respectively.

      16. Intangible assets, net

                                                                                                           As of March 31,
                                                                                                    2024                     2025
                                                                                                    RMB                      RMB
                                                                                                            (in millions)
            User base and customer relationships                                                       48,863                   48,565
            Trade names, trademarks and domain names                                                   39,687                   26,936
            Non-compete agreements                                                                     11,815                    6,030
            Developed technology and patents                                                            7,166                    4,823
            Licensed copyrights (Note 2(x)) and others                                                  9,586                    8,001
                                                                                                      117,117                   94,355
            Less: accumulated amortization and impairment                                             (90,167)                 (73,444)
            Net book value                                                                             26,950                   20,911

          During the years ended March 31, 2023, 2024 and 2025, the Company acquired intangible assets amounting to RMB285 million,
          RMB602 million and RMB1,544 million, respectively, in connection with business combinations, which were measured at fair
          value upon acquisition. Details of intangible assets acquired in connection with business combinations are included in Note 4.

          During the year ended March 31, 2024, considered lower than expected profitability as a result of uncertainties in the market
          environment, the Company recognized impairment on intangible assets of RMB12,089 million primarily relating to trade names,
          trademarks and domain names relating to an asset group under All others segment. The fair value of the asset group is determined
          based on its market capitalization.




294   Alibaba Group Holding Limited
                                                                             Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                                (For the Years Ended March 31, 2023, 2024 and 2025)


16. Intangible assets, net (Continued)

    The estimated aggregate amortization expenses for each of the five succeeding fiscal years and thereafter are as follows:

                                                                                                                                             Amounts
                                                                                                                                               RMB
                                                                                                                                           (in millions)
       For the year ending March 31,
       2026                                                                                                                                              4,565
       2027                                                                                                                                              3,586
       2028                                                                                                                                              3,056
       2029                                                                                                                                              2,304
       2030                                                                                                                                              2,138
       Thereafter                                                                                                                                        5,262
                                                                                                                                                        20,911

17. Goodwill

    Changes in the carrying amount of goodwill by segment for the years ended March 31, 2024 and 2025 were as follows:

                                            Alibaba                       Cainiao                         Hujing
                              Taobao      International                    Smart                            Digital
                                and          Digital          Cloud       Logistics           Local        Media and      Innovation
                               Tmall       Commerce        Intelligence   Network           Services    Entertainment      Initiatives
                              Group          Group           Group        Limited            Group          Group         and others       All others       Total
                                                                                      (in millions of RMB)
  Balance as of
    March 31, 2023             174,956          18,151            3,490       16,437          20,292           30,825            3,940              —       268,091
  Transfer due to segment
    changes                     (9,937)             —                —            —              —            (10,734 )         (3,940 )        24,611           —
  Additions                         33           1,470              124           —             155                —                —               —         1,782
  Deconsolidations                (107)             —                —            —              —                 —                —               (7 )       (114 )
  Impairment                        —               —                —            —              —             (8,490 )             —           (2,031 )    (10,521 )
  Foreign currency
    translation adjustments        —               412               24               5          —                 —                —               —            441
  Balance as of
    March 31, 2024             164,945          20,033            3,638       16,442          20,447           11,601               —           22,573      259,679
  Additions                         —               —                84        3,942              —               726               —              147        4,899
  Deconsolidations                  —               —                —            —               —                —                —           (2,957 )     (2,957 )
  Impairment                        —               —                —            —               —            (4,296 )             —           (1,875 )     (6,171 )
  Foreign currency
    translation adjustments        —                  44              6               1          —                 —                —               —               51
  Balance as of
    March 31, 2025             164,945          20,077            3,728       20,385          20,447            8,031               —           17,888      255,501


    Gross goodwill balances were RMB302,534 million and RMB302,194 million as of March 31, 2024 and 2025, respectively.
    Accumulated impairment losses were RMB42,855 million and RMB46,693 million as of March 31, 2024 and 2025, respectively.

    In the annual goodwill impairment assessment, the Company concluded that the carrying amounts of certain reporting units
    exceeded their respective fair values and recorded impairment losses of RMB2,714 million, RMB10,521 million and RMB6,171
    million during the years ended March 31, 2023, 2024 and 2025, respectively.

    During the year ended March 31, 2024, considered the changes in market conditions, the Company performed a quantitative
    impairment test on one reporting unit under Hujing Digital Media and Entertainment Group, and recognized an impairment
    charge of RMB8,490 million. The fair value of this reporting unit was determined based on the discounted cash flow analysis
    using the assumptions including the future growth rates and the weighted average cost of capital. No further impairment charge
    was recognized relating to this reporting unit during the year ended March 31, 2025.




                                                                                                                             Fiscal Year 2025 Annual Report              295
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      (For the Years Ended March 31, 2023, 2024 and 2025)


      17. Goodwill (Continued)

          During the year ended March 31, 2025, considered the changes in market conditions, the Company performed a quantitative
          impairment test on another reporting unit under Hujing Digital Media and Entertainment Group and recognized an impairment
          charge of RMB4,296 million. The fair value of this reporting unit was determined based on its market capitalization.


          The goodwill impairment is not allocated to segments because the CODM of the Company does not consider this as part of the
          segment operating performance measure (Note 28).

      18. Deferred revenue and customer advances

          Deferred revenue and customer advances primarily represent service fees prepaid by merchants or customers for which the
          relevant services have not been provided. The respective balances are as follows:

                                                                                                           As of March 31,
                                                                                                    2024                     2025
                                                                                                    RMB                      RMB
                                                                                                             (in millions)
            Deferred revenue                                                                            37,142                  44,138
            Customer advances                                                                           39,745                  28,733
                                                                                                        76,887                  72,871
            Less: current portion                                                                      (72,818)                (68,335)
            Non-current portion                                                                          4,069                   4,536

          Service fees received in advance are generally recorded as customer advances. These amounts are transferred to deferred revenue
          upon commencement of the provision of services by the Company and are recognized in the consolidated income statements in
          the period in which the services are provided. In general, service fees received in advance are non-refundable after the amounts
          are transferred to deferred revenue. Substantially all of the balances of deferred revenue and customer advances are generally
          recognized as revenue within one year.

      19. Accrued expenses, accounts payable and other liabilities

                                                                                                           As of March 31,
                                                                                                    2024                     2025
                                                                                                    RMB                      RMB
                                                                                                            (in millions)
            Current:
            Payables and accruals for cost of revenue and sales and marketing expenses (i)             118,057                 110,887
            Other deposits and advances received (ii)                                                   54,508                  53,793
            Payable to merchants and third party marketing affiliates                                   32,989                  44,845
            Accrued bonus and staff costs, including sales commission                                   29,631                  31,705
            Payables and accruals for purchases of property and equipment                               19,840                  34,312
            Amounts due to related companies (iii)                                                       9,503                   8,130
            Other taxes payable (iv)                                                                     7,934                   7,641
            Operating lease liabilities (Note 6)                                                         5,871                   3,944
            Contingent and deferred consideration in relation to investments and
             acquisitions                                                                                1,094                   8,590
            Others                                                                                      18,456                  28,690
                                                                                                       297,883                 332,537
            Non-current:
            Operating lease liabilities (Note 6)                                                        28,967                  13,463
            Contingent and deferred consideration in relation to investments and
             acquisitions                                                                                1,473                   1,370
            Others                                                                                       1,427                   2,811
                                                                                                        31,867                  17,644




296   Alibaba Group Holding Limited
                                                                                                     76,887                 72,871
        Less: current portion                                                                       (72,818)               (68,335)
        Non-current portion                                                                           4,069                  4,536

    Service fees received in advance are generally recorded as customer advances. These amounts are transferred to deferred revenue
    upon commencement of the provision of services by the Company    Notes     torecognized
                                                                         and are   Consolidated          Financial
                                                                                             in the consolidated incomeStatements
                                                                                                                          statements in
    the period in which the services are provided. In general, service fees received in advance are non-refundable after the amounts
    are transferred to deferred revenue. Substantially all of the balances of deferred revenue
                                                                                  (For the Yearsand customer
                                                                                                 Ended  Marchadvances
                                                                                                               31, 2023,are generally
                                                                                                                          2024 and 2025)
    recognized as revenue within one year.

19. Accrued expenses, accounts payable and other liabilities

                                                                                                       As of March 31,
                                                                                                2024                     2025
                                                                                                RMB                      RMB
                                                                                                        (in millions)
        Current:
        Payables and accruals for cost of revenue and sales and marketing expenses (i)             118,057                 110,887
        Other deposits and advances received (ii)                                                   54,508                  53,793
        Payable to merchants and third party marketing affiliates                                   32,989                  44,845
        Accrued bonus and staff costs, including sales commission                                   29,631                  31,705
        Payables and accruals for purchases of property and equipment                               19,840                  34,312
        Amounts due to related companies (iii)                                                       9,503                   8,130
        Other taxes payable (iv)                                                                     7,934                   7,641
        Operating lease liabilities (Note 6)                                                         5,871                   3,944
        Contingent and deferred consideration in relation to investments and
         acquisitions                                                                                1,094                   8,590
        Others                                                                                      18,456                  28,690
                                                                                                   297,883                 332,537
        Non-current:
        Operating lease liabilities (Note 6)                                                        28,967                  13,463
        Contingent and deferred consideration in relation to investments and
         acquisitions                                                                                1,473                   1,370
        Others                                                                                       1,427                   2,811
                                                                                                    31,867                  17,644

 (i)      Payables and accruals for cost of revenue and sales and marketing expenses include payables which are collateralized by a
          pledge of certain short-term investments and other treasury investments with carrying values of nil and RMB3,697 million as
          of March 31, 2024 and 2025, respectively.
 (ii)     Other deposits and advances received as of March 31, 2024 and 2025 include buyer protection fund deposits received from
          merchants on the Company’s marketplaces (Note 10).
(iii)     Amounts due to related companies primarily represent balances arising from the transactions with Ant Group (Note 24). The
          balances are unsecured, interest free and repayable within the next twelve months.
(iv)      Other taxes payable primarily represent VAT and PRC individual income tax of employees withheld by the Company.




                                                                                                       Fiscal Year 2025 Annual Report      297
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      (For the Years Ended March 31, 2023, 2024 and 2025)


      20. Supplier Finance Programs
         The Company enters into agreements with several financial institutions and offer supplier finance programs to the Company’s
         suppliers. Suppliers can sell one or more of the Company’s payment obligations at their sole discretion to the financial institutions
         to receive funds, usually at a discounted price, prior to the scheduled due dates to meet their cash flow needs. The Company's
         current payment terms with the majority of suppliers are up to 180 days. Generally, the Company’s rights and obligations are not
         impacted and the original payment terms, timing or amount, remain unchanged. Except for the pledge of other treasury
         investments with carrying value of RMB1,500 million as of March 31, 2025, the Company did not provide assets pledged as
         security or other forms of guarantees under these supplier finance programs. The roll forward of the Company’s outstanding
         payment obligations under these supplier finance programs is as follows:


                                                                                                                 Year ended March 31,
                                                                                                                           2025
                                                                                                                           RMB
                                                                                                                     (in millions)
          Confirmed obligations outstanding at the beginning of the year                                                               2,302
          Invoices confirmed during the year                                                                                          33,626
          Confirmed invoices paid during the year                                                                                    (29,853)
          Confirmed obligations outstanding at the end of the year                                                                     6,075


         The outstanding payment obligations under these supplier finance programs are generally recorded within accrued expenses,
         accounts payable and other liabilities on the consolidated balance sheets, except for certain arrangements in which the Company
         pays the discount to the financial institutions on behalf of the suppliers which are recorded within current bank borrowings. The
         respective balances are as follows:

                                                                                                         As of March 31,
                                                                                                 2024                        2025
                                                                                                 RMB                         RMB
                                                                                                          (in millions)
          Accrued expenses, accounts payable and other liabilities                                       2,302                        1,605
          Bank borrowings                                                                                    -                        4,470
                                                                                                         2,302                        6,075




298   Alibaba Group Holding Limited
                                                                      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                (For the Years Ended March 31, 2023, 2024 and 2025)


21. Bank borrowings

    Bank borrowings are analyzed as follows:

                                                                                                       As of March 31,
                                                                                                2024                     2025
                                                                                                RMB                      RMB
                                                                                                        (in millions)
        Current portion:
        Short-term other borrowings (i)                                                              12,749                 22,562
        Non-current portion:
        US$4.0 billion syndicated loan denominated in US$ (ii)(iii)                                  28,828                 22,937
        Long-term other borrowings (iii)                                                             26,858                 26,972
                                                                                                     55,686                 49,909

 (i)      As of March 31, 2024 and 2025, the Company had short-term borrowings from banks which were repayable within one year
          or on demand and charged interest rates ranging from 1.4% to 4.6% and 0.8% to 4.8% per annum, respectively. As of March
          31, 2024 and 2025, the weighted average interest rate of these borrowings was 2.6% and 2.0% per annum, respectively. The
          borrowings are primarily denominated in RMB.
 (ii)     As of March 31, 2024 and 2025, the Company had a US$4.0 billion syndicated loan, which was initially entered into with a
          group of eight lead arrangers. The loan was priced at 85 basis points over LIBOR with maturity in May 2024. During the year
          ended March 31, 2024, the loan terms were modified such that the interest rate of the loan was adjusted to 80 basis points
          over Secured Overnight Financing Rate (“SOFR”) with a credit adjustment spread and the maturity of the loan was extended
          to May 2028. Certain related floating interest payments are hedged by certain interest rate swap contracts entered into by the
          Company. The proceeds of the loan were used for general corporate and working capital purposes (including acquisitions).
          The Company repaid US$830 million (RMB6,067 million) of the loan in January 2025.
(iii)     As of March 31, 2024 and 2025, the Company had long-term borrowings from banks with weighted average interest rates of
          3.5% and 3.9% per annum, respectively. The borrowings are primarily denominated in RMB.
     Certain other bank borrowings are collateralized by a pledge of certain buildings and property improvements, construction in
     progress and land use rights in the PRC, receivables and other treasury investments with carrying values of RMB34,056 million
     and RMB30,213 million, as of March 31, 2024 and 2025, respectively. As of March 31, 2025, the Company is in compliance with
     all covenants in relation to bank borrowings.

     As of March 31, 2024 and 2025, the Company had a revolving credit facility provided by certain financial institutions for an
     amount of US$6.5 billion, which has not yet been drawn down. The interest rate on any outstanding utilized amount under this
     credit facility was calculated based on LIBOR plus 80 basis points, and was adjusted to SOFR with a credit adjustment spread
     plus 80 basis points in May 2023. This facility is reserved for general corporate and working capital purposes (including
     acquisitions). The expiration date of the credit facility was June 2026.

     As of March 31, 2025, the future principal payments for the Company’s borrowings were as follows:

                                                                                                              Principal amounts
                                                                                                                     RMB
                                                                                                                 (in millions)
        Within 1 year                                                                                                       22,562
        Between 1 to 2 years                                                                                                 2,906
        Between 2 to 3 years                                                                                                 5,098
        Between 3 to 4 years                                                                                                25,104
        Between 4 to 5 years                                                                                                 5,572
        Beyond 5 years                                                                                                      11,282
                                                                                                                            72,524




                                                                                                       Fiscal Year 2025 Annual Report      299
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      (For the Years Ended March 31, 2023, 2024 and 2025)


      22. Unsecured senior notes

          In November 2014, the Company issued unsecured senior notes including floating rate and fixed rate notes with varying
          maturities for an aggregate principal amount of US$8.0 billion (the “2014 Senior Notes”), of which US$1.3 billion was repaid in
          November 2017, US$2.25 billion was repaid in November 2019, US$1.5 billion was repaid in November 2021 and US$2.25
          billion was repaid in November 2024. The 2014 Senior Notes are senior unsecured obligations that are listed on the HKSE, and
          interest is payable in arrears, quarterly for the floating rate notes and semiannually for the fixed rate notes.

          In December 2017, the Company issued unsecured fixed rate senior notes with varying maturities for an aggregate principal
          amount of US$7.0 billion (the “2017 Senior Notes”), of which US$0.7 billion was repaid in June 2023. The 2017 Senior Notes
          are senior unsecured obligations that are listed on the Singapore Stock Exchange, and interest is payable in arrears semiannually.

          In February 2021, the Company issued unsecured fixed rate senior notes with varying maturities for an aggregate principal
          amount of US$5.0 billion (the “2021 Senior Notes”). The 2021 Senior Notes are senior unsecured obligations that are listed on
          the Singapore Stock Exchange, and interest is payable in arrears semiannually.

          In November 2024, the Company issued unsecured fixed rate senior notes with varying maturities, consisting of U.S. dollar-
          denominated notes for an aggregate principal amount of US$2.65 billion (the “2024 USD Senior Notes”) and RMB-denominated
          notes for an aggregate principal amount of RMB17 billion (the “2024 RMB Senior Notes”). The 2024 USD Senior Notes and
          2024 RMB Senior Notes are senior unsecured obligations that are listed on the Singapore Stock Exchange and the Hong Kong
          Stock Exchange, respectively, and interest is payable in arrears semiannually.

          The following table provides a summary of the Company’s unsecured senior notes as of March 31, 2024 and 2025:

                                                                                            As of March 31,               Effective
                                                                                        2024               2025         interest rate
                                                                                        RMB                RMB
                                                                                             (in millions)
            US$2,250 million 3.600% notes due 2024                                         16,252               —                3.68%
            US$2,550 million 3.400% notes due 2027                                         18,352           18,434               3.52%
            RMB8,400 million 2.650% notes due 2028                                             —             8,353               2.83%
            RMB5,000 million 2.800% notes due 2029                                             —             4,971               2.93%
            US$1,000 million 4.875% notes due 2030                                             —             7,205               5.01%
            US$1,500 million 2.125% notes due 2031                                         10,791           10,834               2.20%
            US$700 million 4.500% notes due 2034                                            5,013            5,034               4.60%
            RMB2,500 million 3.100% notes due 2034                                             —             2,485               3.17%
            US$1,150 million 5.250% notes due 2035                                             —             8,268               5.35%
            US$1,000 million 4.000% notes due 2037                                          7,176            7,203               4.06%
            US$1,000 million 2.700% notes due 2041                                          7,129            7,158               2.80%
            RMB1,100 million 3.500% notes due 2044                                             —             1,093               3.54%
            US$1,750 million 4.200% notes due 2047                                         12,540           12,586               4.25%
            US$1,500 million 3.150% notes due 2051                                         10,757           10,796               3.19%
            US$500 million 5.625% notes due 2054                                               —             3,597               5.67%
            US$1,000 million 4.400% notes due 2057                                          7,161            7,186               4.44%
            US$1,000 million 3.250% notes due 2061                                          7,170            7,195               3.28%
            Carrying value                                                                102,341          122,398
            Unamortized discount and debt issuance costs                                      644              838
            Total principal amounts of unsecured senior notes                             102,985          123,236
            Less: current portion of principal amounts of unsecured senior
             notes                                                                        (16,261)              —
            Non-current portion of principal amounts of unsecured senior notes             86,724          123,236




300   Alibaba Group Holding Limited
                                                                   Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                (For the Years Ended March 31, 2023, 2024 and 2025)


22. Unsecured senior notes (Continued)

    The effective interest rates for the unsecured senior notes include the interest charged on the notes as well as amortization of the
    debt discounts and debt issuance costs.

    The unsecured senior notes contain covenants including, among others, limitation on liens, consolidation, merger and sale of the
    Company’s assets. As of March 31, 2025, the Company is in compliance with all these covenants. In addition, the unsecured
    senior notes rank senior in right of payment to all of the Company’s existing and future indebtedness expressly subordinated in
    right of payment to the notes and rank at least equally in right of payment with all of the Company’s existing and future unsecured
    unsubordinated indebtedness (subject to any priority rights pursuant to applicable law).

    As of March 31, 2025, the future principal payments for the Company’s unsecured senior notes were as follows:

                                                                                                               Principal amounts
                                                                                                                      RMB
                                                                                                                  (in millions)
      Within 1 year                                                                                                           —
      Between 1 to 2 years                                                                                                    —
      Between 2 to 3 years                                                                                                18,492
      Between 3 to 4 years                                                                                                 8,400
      Between 4 to 5 years                                                                                                 5,000
      Thereafter                                                                                                          91,344
                                                                                                                         123,236

    As of March 31, 2024 and 2025, the fair values of the Company’s unsecured senior notes, based on Level 2 inputs, were
    US$11,999 million (RMB86,719 million) and US$14,944 million (RMB108,368 million), respectively.

23. Convertible unsecured senior notes

    In May 2024, the Company issued convertible unsecured senior notes for an aggregate principal amount of US$5.0 billion due on
    June 1, 2031 (the “2024 Convertible Senior Notes”). The 2024 Convertible Senior Notes are senior unsecured obligations, and
    interest at an annual rate of 0.5% is payable in arrears semiannually.

    The 2024 Convertible Senior Notes may be converted into the Company’s ADSs, at the option of holders, at any time prior to the
    maturity date at an initial conversion rate of 9.5202 ADSs per US$1,000 principal amount. The initial conversion rate is subject to
    adjustment in some events such as dividend distribution. In addition, in the event of a fundamental change that occurs prior to the
    maturity date or following the Company’s delivery of a notice of redemption, the Company will increase the initial conversion
    rate, which shall not exceed 12.3762 ADSs per US$1,000 principal amount, for a holder who elects to convert its notes in
    connection with such a fundamental change or such notice of redemption. Such make-whole adjustment is subject to the same
    adjustments as the initial conversion rate noted above. Upon conversion, the Company will pay or deliver, at its election, cash,
    ADSs, or a combination of cash and ADSs. Holders may also elect to receive ordinary shares in lieu of any ADSs deliverable
    upon conversion, with each ADS representing eight ordinary shares.

    As of March 31, 2025, the adjusted conversion rate for the 2024 Convertible Senior Notes was 9.7271 ADSs per US$1,000
    principal amount, and the adjusted conversion rate taking into account the make-whole adjustments was 12.6452 ADSs per
    US$1,000 principal amount.

    The Company may redeem for cash all but not part of the 2024 Convertible Senior Notes in the event of certain tax law changes,
    or at any time if less than 10% of the aggregate principal amount of the 2024 Convertible Senior Notes originally issued remains
    outstanding. The Company may also redeem for cash all or part of the 2024 Convertible Senior Notes on or after June 8, 2029,
    provided that the Company’s ADS price has been at least 130% of the then effective conversion price for a specific period of time
    and on the specified date. The redemption price will be equal to the principal amount of the notes being redeemed plus accrued
    and unpaid interest to, but excluding, the related redemption date.




                                                                                                        Fiscal Year 2025 Annual Report     301
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      (For the Years Ended March 31, 2023, 2024 and 2025)


      23. Convertible unsecured senior notes (Continued)

          Holders have the right to require the Company to repurchase for cash all or part of the 2024 Convertible Senior Notes on June 1,
          2029, or in the event of a fundamental change, subject to certain conditions. The repurchase price will be equal to the principal
          amount of the notes being repurchased plus accrued and unpaid interest to, but excluding, the related repurchase date.

          As of March 31, 2025, the unamortized debt discounts and debt issuance costs of the 2024 Convertible Senior Notes were US$58
          million (RMB424 million), and the fair value of the 2024 Convertible Senior Notes, based on level 2 inputs, was US$7,151
          million (RMB51,854 million).

          For the year ended March 31, 2025, the effective interest rate for the 2024 Convertible Senior Notes was approximately 0.8%, and
          the total interest expense for the 2024 Convertible Senior Notes was US$33 million (RMB235 million), which includes the
          interest charged of US$21 million (RMB152 million) as well as the amortization of the debt discounts and debt issuance costs of
          US$12 million (RMB83 million), respectively.

          In connection with the issuance of the 2024 Convertible Senior Notes, the Company entered into capped call transactions with
          certain financial institutions at a cost of US$638 million (RMB4,612 million), which are expected to reduce potential dilution
          and/or offset cash payments upon conversion. The cap price of the capped call transactions is initially US$161.6 per ADS which
          is subject to adjustments similar to the adjustments on the conversion rate of the 2024 Convertible Senior Notes. The capped call
          transactions may be settled in cash at the Company’s election.

      24. Related party transactions

          During the years ended March 31, 2023, 2024 and 2025, other than disclosed elsewhere, the Company had the following material
          related party transactions:

          Transactions with Ant Group and its affiliates

                                                                                               Year ended March 31,
                                                                                2023                   2024              2025
                                                                                RMB                    RMB               RMB
                                                                                                   (in millions)
              Amounts earned by the Company
               Cloud services revenue (i)                                              8,409                8,814             11,113
               Marketplace software technology services fee and
                 other amounts earned (i)                                            3,396                  4,051              6,046
                                                                                    11,805                 12,865             17,159

              Amounts incurred by the Company
               Payment processing and escrow services fee (ii)                      12,484                 13,164             15,467
               Other amounts incurred (i)                                            2,271                  3,050              4,314
                                                                                    14,755                 16,214             19,781

       (i)      The Company has other commercial arrangements and cost sharing arrangements with Ant Group and its affiliates on various
                cloud computing services, sales and marketing and other services.
       (ii)     The Company has a commercial agreement with Alipay whereby the Company receives payment processing and escrow
                services in exchange for a payment for the services fee, which was recognized in cost of revenue.

           As of March 31, 2024 and 2025, the Company had certain amounts of cash held in accounts managed by Alipay in connection
           with the provision of online and mobile commerce and related services for a total amount of RMB9,848 million and RMB5,863
           million, respectively, which have been classified as cash and cash equivalents on the consolidated balance sheets.




302   Alibaba Group Holding Limited
                                                                  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                               (For the Years Ended March 31, 2023, 2024 and 2025)


24. Related party transactions (Continued)

    Transactions with other investees

    The Company has commercial arrangements with certain investees of the Company related to cloud services. In connection with
    these services provided by the Company, RMB1,462 million, RMB984 million and RMB4,507 million were recorded in revenue
    in the consolidated income statements for the years ended March 31, 2023, 2024 and 2025, respectively.

    The Company has commercial arrangements with certain investees of the Company related to marketing services. In connection
    with these services provided to the Company, RMB382 million, RMB736 million and RMB1,010 million were recorded in cost of
    revenue and sales and marketing expenses in the consolidated income statements for the years ended March 31, 2023, 2024 and
    2025, respectively.

    The Company has commercial arrangements with certain investees of the Company related to logistics services. In connection
    with these services provided by the Company, RMB1,140 million, RMB2,540 million and RMB4,573 million were recorded in
    revenue in the consolidated income statements for the years ended March 31, 2023, 2024 and 2025, respectively. Costs and
    expenses incurred in connection with these services provided to the Company of RMB14,750 million, RMB14,864 million and
    RMB15,542 million were recorded in the consolidated income statements for the same periods, respectively.

    The Company has extended loans to certain investees for working capital and other uses in conjunction with the Company’s
    investments. As of March 31, 2024 and 2025, the aggregate outstanding balance of these loans was RMB2,628 million and
    RMB1,771 million, respectively, with remaining terms of up to two years and interest rates of up to 10% per annum as of
    March 31, 2024, and remaining terms of up to five years and interest rates of up to 10% per annum as of March 31, 2025.

    The Company provided a guarantee for a term loan facility of HK$7.7 billion (RMB7.0 billion) in favor of Hong Kong Cingleot
    Investment Management Limited (“Cingleot”), a company that is partially owned by the Company, in connection with a logistics
    center development project at the Hong Kong International Airport. In May 2024, the loan facility was modified to a revolving
    loan facility and the facility amount was reduced to HK$6.5 billion (RMB5.9 billion). As of March 31, 2024 and 2025, HK$5,233
    million (RMB4,744 million) and HK$5,090 million (RMB4,697 million) was drawn down by Cingleot under this facility,
    respectively. Moreover, we provide a partial guarantee for the continuing obligations of Cingleot to the Airport Authority.

    The Company’s ecosystem offers different platforms on which different enterprises operate and the Company believes that all
    transactions on the Company’s platforms are conducted on terms determined based on normal commercial negotiation with
    similar unrelated parties.

    Other than the transactions disclosed above or elsewhere in the consolidated financial statements, the Company has commercial
    arrangements with other investees and other related parties to provide and receive certain marketing, cloud and other services and
    products. The amounts relating to these services provided and received represent less than 1% of the Company’s revenue and total
    costs and expenses, respectively, for the years ended March 31, 2023, 2024 and 2025.

    In addition, the Company has made certain acquisitions and equity investments together with related parties from time to time
    during the years ended March 31, 2023, 2024 and 2025. The agreements for acquisitions and equity investments were entered into
    by the parties involved and conducted on fair value basis. The significant acquisitions and equity investments together with
    related parties are included in Note 4.

25. Restricted net assets

    PRC laws and regulations permit payments of dividends by the Company’s subsidiaries incorporated in the PRC only out of their
    retained earnings, if any, as determined in accordance with PRC accounting standards and regulations. In addition, the Company’s
    subsidiaries incorporated in the PRC are required to annually appropriate 10% of their net income to the statutory reserve prior to
    payment of any dividends, unless the reserve has reached 50% of their respective registered capital. Furthermore, registered share
    capital and capital reserve accounts are also restricted from distribution. As a result of the restrictions described above and
    elsewhere under PRC laws and regulations, the Company’s subsidiaries incorporated in the PRC are restricted in their ability to
    transfer a portion of their net assets to the Company in the form of dividends. The restriction amounted to RMB334,791 million as
    of March 31, 2025. Except for the above or disclosed elsewhere, there is no other restriction on the use of proceeds generated by
    the Company’s subsidiaries to satisfy any obligations of the Company.




                                                                                                     Fiscal Year 2025 Annual Report       303
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      (For the Years Ended March 31, 2023, 2024 and 2025)


      26. Commitments

      (a) Capital commitments

          The Company’s capital commitments primarily relate to capital expenditures contracted for purchase of property and equipment,
          including the construction of corporate campuses. Total capital commitments contracted but not provided for amounted to
          RMB18,372 million and RMB45,321 million as of March 31, 2024 and 2025, respectively. The capital expenditures contracted
          for are analyzed as follows:

                                                                                                            As of March 31,
                                                                                                     2024                     2025
                                                                                                     RMB                      RMB
                                                                                                             (in millions)
            No later than 1 year                                                                         11,884                  44,067
            Later than 1 year and no later than 5 years                                                   6,486                   1,254
            More than 5 years                                                                                 2                      —
                                                                                                         18,372                  45,321

      (b) Investment commitments

          The Company was obligated to pay up to RMB11,166 million and RMB20,341 million for business combinations and equity
          investments under various arrangements as of March 31, 2024 and 2025, respectively. The commitment balance as of March 31,
          2024 and 2025 primarily includes the committed capital of certain investment funds.

      (c) Other commitments

          The Company also has other commitments including commitments for co-location and bandwidth fees, licensed copyrights and
          marketing expenses. These commitments are analyzed as follows:

                                                                                                            As of March 31,
                                                                                                     2024                     2025
                                                                                                     RMB                      RMB
                                                                                                             (in millions)
            No later than 1 year                                                                         40,243                  32,364
            Later than 1 year and no later than 5 years                                                  21,471                  46,768
            More than 5 years                                                                             4,366                   5,094
                                                                                                         66,080                  84,226

      27. Risks and contingencies

          (a) The Company is incorporated in the Cayman Islands and considered as a foreign entity under PRC laws. Due to legal
              restrictions on foreign ownership and investment in, among other areas, value-added telecommunications services, which
              include the operations of Internet content providers, the Company operates its Internet businesses and other businesses
              through various contractual arrangements with VIEs that are incorporated in the PRC and owned by PRC citizens or by PRC
              entities owned and/or controlled by PRC citizens. The VIEs hold the licenses and approvals that are essential for their
              business operations in the PRC and the Company has entered into various agreements with the VIEs and their equity holders
              such that the Company has the right to benefit from their licenses and approvals and generally has control of the VIEs. In the
              Company’s opinion, the current ownership structure and the contractual arrangements with the VIEs and their equity holders
              as well as the operations of the VIEs are in substantial compliance with all existing PRC laws, rules and regulations.
              However, there may be changes and other developments in PRC laws, rules and regulations. Accordingly, the Company
              gives no assurance that PRC government authorities will not take a view in the future that is contrary to the opinion of the
              Company. If the current ownership structure of the Company and its contractual arrangements with the VIEs and their equity
              holders were found to be in violation of any existing or future PRC laws or regulations, the Company’s ability to conduct its
              business could be impacted and the Company may be required to restructure its ownership structure and operations in the
              PRC to comply with the changes in the PRC laws which may result in deconsolidation of the VIEs.




304   Alibaba Group Holding Limited
                                                                    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                 (For the Years Ended March 31, 2023, 2024 and 2025)


27. Risks and contingencies (Continued)

    (b) The PRC market in which the Company operates poses certain macro-economic and regulatory risks and uncertainties. These
        uncertainties extend to the ability of the Company to operate or invest in e-commerce and cloud businesses, representing the
        principal services provided by the Company, in the PRC. The information and technology industries are highly regulated.
        Restrictions are currently in place or are unclear regarding what specific segments of these industries foreign owned
        enterprises, like the Company, may operate. If new or more extensive restrictions were imposed on the segments in which the
        Company is permitted to operate, the Company could be required to sell or cease to operate or invest in some or all of its
        current businesses in the PRC.

    (c) Because of the Company’s equity interest in and close association with Ant Group and overlapping user bases, regulatory
        developments, litigation or proceedings, media and other reports, whether or not true, and other events that affect Ant Group
        could also negatively affect customers’, regulators’, investors’ and other third parties’ perception of the Company. Ant Group
        started its business rectification since April 2021 under discussion with PRC regulators. In July 2023, PRC regulators
        announced a RMB7.07 billion fine for Ant Group, which was also reflected in the Company’s share of results of equity
        method investees during the year ended March 31, 2024. Changes in Ant Group’s business and future prospects, or
        speculation of such changes, as well as additional regulatory requirements placed on Ant Group, could in turn have a material
        adverse effect on the Company.

    (d) A significant majority of the Company’s revenues and costs are denominated in RMB and the majority of the Company’s
        financial assets are also denominated in RMB while a significant portion of the Company’s debt is denominated in US$.
        RMB is not freely convertible into foreign currencies. In the PRC, foreign exchange transactions are required by law to be
        transacted only by authorized financial institutions at exchange rates set by the People’s Bank of China (the “PBOC”).

        Remittances in currencies other than RMB by the Company in the PRC must be processed through the PBOC or other PRC
        foreign exchange regulatory bodies and require certain supporting documentation in order to effect the remittance. If the
        foreign exchange control system prevents the Company from obtaining sufficient foreign currencies to satisfy its currency
        demands, the Company may not be able to pay dividends in foreign currencies and the Company’s ability to fund its business
        activities that are conducted in foreign currencies could be adversely affected.

    (e) In the ordinary course of business, the Company makes strategic investments to increase the service offerings and expand
        capabilities. The Company continually reviews its investments to determine whether there is a decline in fair value below the
        carrying value. Fair value of the listed securities is subject to volatility and may be materially affected by market fluctuations.

    (f) Financial instruments that potentially subject the Company to significant concentration of credit risk consist principally of
        cash and cash equivalents, short-term investments, restricted cash and equity securities and other investments. As of March
        31, 2024 and 2025, substantially all of the Company’s cash and cash equivalents, restricted cash, short-term investments and
        other treasury investments were held by major financial institutions located worldwide, including Chinese mainland and
        Hong Kong S.A.R. If the financial institutions and other issuers of financial instruments held by the Company could become
        insolvent or if the markets for these instruments could become illiquid as a result of a severe economic downturn or any other
        reason, the Company could lose some or all of the value of its investments.

    (g) During the years ended March 31, 2023, 2024 and 2025, the Company offered a trade assurance program on the international
        wholesale marketplaces at no charge to the wholesale buyers and sellers. If the wholesale sellers who participate in this
        program do not deliver the products in their stated specifications to the wholesale buyers on schedule, the Company may
        compensate the wholesale buyers for their losses on behalf of the wholesale sellers up to a pre-determined amount following
        a review of each particular case. In turn, the Company will seek a full reimbursement from the wholesale sellers for the
        prepaid reimbursement amount, yet the Company is exposed to a risk over the collectability of the reimbursement from the
        wholesale sellers. During the years ended March 31, 2023, 2024 and 2025, the Company did not incur any material losses
        with respect to the compensation provided under this program. Given that the maximum compensation for each wholesale
        seller is pre-determined based on their individual risk assessments by the Company considering their credit profile or other
        relevant information, the Company determined that the likelihood of material default on the payments are not probable and
        therefore no provisions have been made in relation to this program.




                                                                                                         Fiscal Year 2025 Annual Report       305
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      (For the Years Ended March 31, 2023, 2024 and 2025)


      27. Risks and contingencies (Continued)

          (h) In the ordinary course of business, the Company is from time to time involved in legal proceedings and litigations and is
              subject to regulatory investigations. In 2017, Beijing Jingdong Shiji Trading Co., Ltd. and Beijing Jingdong 360 E-commerce
              Co., Ltd. sued Tmall China, Zhejiang Tmall Network Co., Ltd. and Alibaba Group Holding Limited for abuse of dominant
              market position. The plaintiffs requested the three defendants to cease relevant acts and claimed a substantial amount of
              damages in the original complaint. In March 2021, the plaintiffs amended their claim to seek higher damages. In December
              2023, the Beijing High People’s Court issued a judgment in favor of the plaintiffs, and the Company has appealed the court
              judgment. As of March 31, 2025, the case is in second-instance stage. The Company has accrued for the potential damages in
              connection with this lawsuit. In March 2024, the European Commission, or the EU Commission, opened formal proceeding
              against AliExpress to assess whether AliExpress breached the Digital Services Act. On June 18, 2025, the EU Commission
              issued preliminary findings in which it considers on a preliminary basis that AliExpress is in breach of its obligation to assess
              and mitigate risks related to the dissemination of illegal content on its platform. The ultimate timeline and final outcome of
              the investigation is currently uncertain and subject to further communications with the EU Commission and their final
              decision based on such further communications and their deliberations. Any potential loss associated with the investigation is
              not reasonably estimable at this stage. Except for the above, there are no legal proceedings and litigations that have in the
              recent past had, or to the Company’s knowledge, are probable to have, a material impact on the Company’s financial
              positions, results of operations or cash flows. Except for the above, the Company did not accrue any material loss
              contingencies in this respect as of March 31, 2024 and 2025. Moreover, the more stringent obligations under laws and
              regulations will create additional operational requirements with increased compliance costs for the Company.

          (i) The Russia-Ukraine conflict has resulted in significant disruptions to supply chains, logistics and business activities in the
              region that has negatively affected our international commerce business and Cainiao’s international logistics business. The
              conflict has also caused, and continues to intensify, significant geopolitical tensions in Europe and across the globe. The
              resulting sanctions imposed have significant impacts on the economic conditions of the countries and markets targeted by
              such sanctions, and may have unforeseen, unpredictable secondary effects on global energy prices, supply chains and other
              aspects of the global economy. The conflict may adversely affect the Company’s business, financial condition and results of
              operations.

          (j) The United Nations and a number of countries and jurisdictions, including China, the United States and the EU, have adopted
              various export control and economic or trade sanction regimes. In particular, the United States government and other
              governments have increasingly threatened and/or imposed export control, as well as economic, trade and other sanctions on a
              number of China-based companies. The United States and other countries may impose other and more expansive restrictions
              on the supply of chips, computing power or other technologies or services to China and China-based companies, including the
              Company, in the future. Such restrictions may affect the Company’s businesses by limiting the Company’s ability to upgrade
              its products and services, technological capabilities, in particular AI technologies, and to maintain its competitive edge,
              thereby negatively affecting the Company’s results of operations, financial condition and growth potential.

      28. Segment information

          Segment information is presented before elimination of inter-segment transactions. In general, revenue, cost of revenue and
          operating expenses are directly attributable, or are allocated, to each segment. The Company allocates costs and expenses that are
          not directly attributable to a specific segment, such as those that support infrastructure across different segments, to different
          segments mainly on the basis of usage, revenue or headcount, depending on the nature of the relevant costs and expenses. The
          Company does not allocate assets to its segments as the CODM does not evaluate the performance of segments using asset
          information.

          The CODM regularly reviews adjusted earnings before interest, taxes and amortization (“Adjusted EBITA”) for each segment
          which is considered as a segment operating performance measure. The CODM uses revenue and Adjusted EBITA to assess
          performance for each segment and allocate resources for each segment in the annual budget and forecasting process.




306   Alibaba Group Holding Limited
                                                              Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                             (For the Years Ended March 31, 2023, 2024 and 2025)


28. Segment information (Continued)

   The following table presents the information by segment for the years ended March 31, 2023, 2024 and 2025:

                                                                                     Year ended March 31,
                                                                      2023                 2024                 2025
                                                                      RMB                  RMB                  RMB
                                                                                         (in millions)
     Taobao and Tmall Group
      Revenue                                                           413,206                434,893             449,827
      Costs and expenses (i)                                           (224,066)              (240,066)           (253,595)
      Adjusted EBITA (ii)                                               189,140                194,827             196,232

     Alibaba International Digital Commerce Group
      Revenue                                                            70,506                102,598             132,300
      Costs and expenses (i)                                            (75,450)              (110,633)           (147,437)
      Adjusted EBITA (ii)                                                (4,944)                (8,035)            (15,137)

     Cloud Intelligence Group
      Revenue                                                          103,497                 106,374             118,028
      Costs and expenses (i)                                           (99,396)               (100,253)           (107,472)
      Adjusted EBITA (ii)                                                4,101                   6,121              10,556

     Cainiao Smart Logistics Network Limited
      Revenue                                                            77,512                 99,020             101,272
      Costs and expenses (i)                                            (77,903)               (97,618)           (100,970)
      Adjusted EBITA (ii)                                                  (391)                 1,402                 302

     Local Services Group
      Revenue                                                            50,249                 59,802              67,076
      Costs and expenses (i)                                            (63,397)               (69,614)            (70,765)
      Adjusted EBITA (ii)                                               (13,148)                (9,812)             (3,689)

     Hujing Digital Media and Entertainment Group
      Revenue                                                            18,444                 21,145              22,267
      Costs and expenses (i)                                            (21,233)               (22,684)            (22,821)
      Adjusted EBITA (ii)                                                (2,789)                (1,539)               (554)

     All others
      Revenue                                                           197,115                192,331             206,269
      Costs and expenses (i)                                           (206,503)              (201,491)           (214,805)
      Adjusted EBITA (ii)                                                (9,388)                (9,160)             (8,536)




                                                                                                   Fiscal Year 2025 Annual Report   307
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      (For the Years Ended March 31, 2023, 2024 and 2025)


      28. Segment information (Continued)

           The following table presents the reconciliation from the total segments Adjusted EBITA to the consolidated net income for the
           years ended March 31, 2023, 2024 and 2025:

                                                                                                       Year ended March 31,
                                                                                                2023            2024          2025
                                                                                                RMB            RMB            RMB
                                                                                                           (in millions)
              Total segments Adjusted EBITA                                                      162,581       173,804         179,174
              Unallocated (iii)                                                                  (12,143)       (6,190)         (4,337)
              Inter-segment elimination                                                           (2,527)       (2,586)         (1,772)
              Non-cash share-based compensation expense                                          (30,831)      (18,546)        (13,970)
              Amortization and impairment of intangible assets                                   (13,504)      (21,592)         (6,336)
              Impairment of goodwill, and others                                                  (3,225)      (11,540)        (11,854)
              Consolidated income from operations                                                100,351       113,350         140,905
              Interest and investment income, net                                                (11,071)       (9,964)         20,759
              Interest expense                                                                    (5,918)       (7,947)         (9,596)
              Other income, net                                                                    5,823         6,157           3,387
              Income tax expenses                                                                (15,549)      (22,529)        (35,445)
              Share of results of equity method investees                                         (8,063)       (7,735)          5,966
              Consolidated net income                                                             65,573        71,332         125,976

           The following table presents the depreciation and impairment of property and equipment, and operating lease cost relating to land
           use rights by segment for the years ended March 31, 2023, 2024 and 2025:

                                                                                                       Year ended March 31,
                                                                                                2023            2024          2025
                                                                                                RMB            RMB            RMB
                                                                                                           (in millions)
              Taobao and Tmall Group                                                                 345            464            102
              Alibaba International Digital Commerce Group                                           712            961          1,137
              Cloud Intelligence Group                                                            16,589         14,335         15,911
              Cainiao Smart Logistics Network Limited                                                909          1,254          1,465
              Local Services Group                                                                   106            113             99
              Hujing Digital Media and Entertainment Group                                            55             45             92
              All others                                                                           7,104          7,278          6,215
              Total segments depreciation and impairment of property and
               equipment, and operating lease cost relating to land use rights                    25,820         24,450         25,021


       (i)      Segment costs and expenses primarily comprise components that are included in cost of revenue, product development
                expenses, sales and marketing expenses, as well as general and administrative expenses.
       (ii)     Adjusted EBITA represents net income before interest and investment income, net, interest expense, other income, net,
                income tax expenses, share of results of equity method investees, certain non-cash expenses, consisting of share-based
                compensation expense, amortization and impairment of intangible assets, impairment of goodwill, and others, which the
                Company does not believe are reflective of the Company's core operating performance during the periods presented.
      (iii)     Unallocated primarily relates to certain costs incurred by corporate functions and other miscellaneous items that are not
                allocated to individual segments.

           Details of the Company's revenue by segment are set out in Note 5. As substantially all of the Company’s long-lived assets are
           located in the PRC and substantially all of the Company’s revenue is derived from within the PRC, no geographical information is
           presented.
           Starting from the quarter ending June 30, 2025, Taobao and Tmall Group, Ele.me and Fliggy will be integrated into China e-
           commerce business group, to transform various e-commerce platforms into a comprehensive consumption platform. At the same
           time, Cainiao, Amap and Hujing Digital Media and Entertainment Group will be reclassified to All others.




308   Alibaba Group Holding Limited
                                                                Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                             (For the Years Ended March 31, 2023, 2024 and 2025)


29. Parent company only condensed financial information

   The Company performed a test on the restricted net assets of its consolidated subsidiaries and VIEs in accordance with Rule 4-
   08(e)(3) of Regulation S-X and concluded that it was applicable for the Company to disclose the financial information for the
   parent company ("Alibaba Group Holding Limited") only.

   Condensed Balance Sheets

                                                                                                      As of March 31,
                                                                                                   2024               2025
                                                                                                   RMB                RMB
                                                                                                        (in millions)
     Cash and cash equivalents                                                                          1,114               618
     Amounts due from subsidiaries                                                                     49,096            15,170
     Prepayments and other assets                                                                         527               245
     Interest in subsidiaries and VIEs                                                              1,180,705         1,365,004
     Total assets                                                                                   1,231,442         1,381,037
     Current unsecured senior notes                                                                    16,252                —
     Amounts due to subsidiaries                                                                      110,867           184,879
     Accrued and other liabilities                                                                      2,862             5,131
     Non-current bank borrowings                                                                       28,828            22,937
     Non-current unsecured senior notes                                                                86,089           122,398
     Non-current convertible unsecured senior notes                                                        —             35,834
     Total liabilities                                                                                244,898           371,179
     Ordinary shares                                                                                        1                 1
     Additional paid-in capital                                                                       397,999           381,379
     Treasury shares, at cost                                                                         (27,684)          (36,329)
     Statutory reserves                                                                                14,733            15,936
     Accumulated other comprehensive income                                                             3,598             3,393
     Retained earnings                                                                                597,897           645,478
     Total shareholders’ equity                                                                       986,544         1,009,858
     Total liabilities and equity                                                                   1,231,442         1,381,037

   Condensed Statements of Comprehensive Income

                                                                                            For the year ended March 31,
                                                                                     2023                2024            2025
                                                                                     RMB                RMB             RMB
                                                                                                     (in millions)
     Total cost and expenses                                                             (846)            (327)          (5,972)
     Income from subsidiaries and VIEs                                                 84,000           86,057          142,604
     Income from operations                                                            83,154           85,730          136,632
     Interest expense                                                                  (4,696)          (5,415)          (8,058)
     Other income and expenses                                                         (5,949)            (574)             896
     Net income                                                                        72,509           79,741          129,470
     Other comprehensive income                                                        23,379           14,340              498
     Total comprehensive income                                                        95,888           94,081          129,968




                                                                                                     Fiscal Year 2025 Annual Report   309
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      (For the Years Ended March 31, 2023, 2024 and 2025)


      29. Parent company only condensed financial information (Continued)

         Condensed Statements of Cash Flows

                                                                                                   Year ended March 31,
                                                                                           2023            2024           2025
                                                                                           RMB             RMB            RMB
                                                                                                       (in millions)
           Net cash provided by operating activities                                         71,885         93,308         51,728
           Cash flows from investing activities:
            (Advances to and investments in) Repayments from subsidiaries and
              VIEs, and others                                                               (12,290)       11,838        (54,809)
           Net cash (used in) provided by investing activities                               (12,290)       11,838        (54,809)
           Cash flows from financing activities:
            Issuance of ordinary shares                                                           11           843             10
            Advances from subsidiaries                                                        15,296         6,195         73,526
            Repurchase of ordinary shares                                                    (74,746)      (88,745)       (86,662)
            Dividend distribution                                                                 —        (17,946)       (29,077)
            Repayment of unsecured senior notes                                                   —         (5,013)       (16,220)
            Repayment of bank borrowings                                                          —             —          (6,067)
            Proceeds from unsecured senior notes, net of debt issuance cost                       —             —          35,979
            Proceeds from convertible unsecured senior notes, net of debt
              issuance cost                                                                       —             —          35,665
            Payments for capped call transactions                                                 —             —          (4,612)
           Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities                               (59,439)     (104,666)         2,542
           Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents                           33            58             43
           Increase (Decrease) in cash and cash equivalents                                      189           538           (496)
           Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the year                                387           576          1,114
           Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the year                                      576         1,114            618

         For the parent company only condensed financial information, the Company accounted for the investments in subsidiaries and
         VIEs under the equity method of accounting as prescribed in ASC 323. Such investments are presented on the Condensed
         Balance Sheets as “Investments in subsidiaries and VIEs” and the shares of profits or losses of the subsidiaries and VIEs are
         presented as “Income from subsidiaries and VIEs” on the Condensed Statements of Comprehensive Income.

         During the years ended March 31, 2023, 2024 and 2025, dividends paid to the parent company by the subsidiaries amounted to
         RMB75,355 million, RMB98,174 million and RMB59,933 million, respectively.

         The parent company did not have significant capital and other commitments, or guarantees as of March 31, 2024 and 2025, except
         for those disclosed in these consolidated financial statements.

         Certain information and footnote disclosures generally included in financial statements prepared in accordance with US GAAP
         have been condensed and omitted in the parent company only condensed financial information. The parent company only
         condensed financial information is not the general-purpose financial statements of the reporting entity and should be read in
         conjunction with the consolidated financial statements of the Company.




310   Alibaba Group Holding Limited
                                                                Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                             (For the Years Ended March 31, 2023, 2024 and 2025)


30. Dividends

    An annual dividend for the year ended March 31, 2023 of US$0.125 per ordinary share or US$1.00 per ADS was declared on
    November 16, 2023. The annual dividend of RMB17,946 million was paid during the year ended March 31, 2024.

    A two-part dividend comprised of (i) an annual dividend for the year ended March 31, 2024 of US$0.125 per ordinary share or
    US$1.00 per ADS, and (ii) a one-time extraordinary dividend of US$0.0825 per ordinary share or US$0.66 per ADS, was
    declared on May 14, 2024. The dividend of RMB29,077 million was paid during the year ended March 31, 2025.

    A two-part dividend comprised of (i) an annual dividend for the year ended March 31, 2025 of US$0.13125 per ordinary share or
    US$1.05 per ADS, and (ii) a one-time extraordinary dividend of US$0.11875 per ordinary share or US$0.95 per ADS, was
    declared on May 15, 2025.



31. Auditor's remuneration

   Remuneration of auditor is as follows:


                                                                                                  Year ended March 31,
                                                                                                 2024                   2025
                                                                                                 RMB                    RMB
                                                                                                        (in millions)
      Audit fees                                                                                        148                    135
      Audit-related fees                                                                                  9                      8
      Tax fees                                                                                            2                      6
      All other fees                                                                                      6                      2
      Total                                                                                             165                    151

32. Management and directors' emoluments

(a) Five highest paid individuals

The five highest paid individuals in the Group for the year ended March 31, 2025 include two directors (2024: two). The emoluments
to the five highest paid individuals for the years ended March 31, 2024 and 2025 are as follows:
                                                                                                Year ended March 31,
                                                                                              2024                2025
                                                                                              RMB                 RMB
                                                                                                   (in thousands)
      Salaries, allowances and benefits in kind                                                   12,032                  19,127
      Bonuses                                                                                     89,500                 162,500
      Pension scheme contributions                                                                   644                     987
      Share-based compensation expenses                                                        1,419,309                 669,000
                                                                                               1,521,485                 851,614




                                                                                                   Fiscal Year 2025 Annual Report    311
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      (For the Years Ended March 31, 2023, 2024 and 2025)


      32. Management and directors' emoluments (Continued)

      (a) Five highest paid individuals (Continued)

      The emoluments fell within the following bands:
                                                                                                                 Number of individuals
                                                                                                                 Year ended March 31,
                Remuneration bands                                                                        2024                           2025
                HKD70,500,001~HKD71,000,000                                                                            -                        1
                HKD122,000,001~HKD122,500,000                                                                          1                        -
                HKD139,000,001~HKD139,500,000                                                                          -                        1
                HKD145,000,001~HKD145,500,000                                                                          -                        1
                HKD151,500,001~HKD152,000,000                                                                          1                        -
                HKD191,000,001~HKD191,500,000                                                                          1                        -
                HKD218,000,001~HKD218,500,000                                                                          -                        1
                HKD345,500,001~HKD346,000,000                                                                          -                        1
                HKD469,000,001~HKD469,500,000                                                                          1                        -
                HKD726,500,001~HKD727,000,000                                                                          1                        -
                                                                                                                       5                        5


      (b) Directors’ and the chief executive’s emoluments

      The remuneration of each Director including the chief executive officer is set out below:
                                                                                      Year ended March 31, 2024
                                                                        Salaries,                                           Share-based
                                                                 allowances and                    Pension scheme          compensation
                  Name                                   Fees    benefits in kind     Bonuses        contributions             expenses             Total
                                                                                        (in thousands of RMB)
                  Joseph C. TSAI                           -              2,507        25,000                 116                 1,133          28,756
                  Eddie Yongming WU (note (i))             -              2,323        45,000                 145               127,788         175,256
                  J. Michael EVANS                         -              4,565        35,950                 365                18,181          59,061
                  Maggie Wei WU                            -              2,381             -                 110                 6,739           9,230
                  Jerry YANG                           1,541                  -             -                   -                 3,276           4,817
                  Wan Ling MARTELLO                    1,604                  -             -                   -                 3,276           4,880
                  Weijian SHAN                         1,604                  -             -                   -                 3,430           5,034
                  Irene Yun-Lien LEE                   1,792                  -             -                   -                 3,585           5,377
                  Albert Kong Ping NG                  2,679                  -             -                   -                 3,585           6,264
                  Kabir MISRA                          1,783                  -             -                   -                 3,442           5,225
                  Daniel Yong ZHANG (note (ii))            -              1,815             -                  82               107,369         109,266
                                                      11,003             13,591       105,950                 818               281,804         413,166


          (i)        Eddie Wu was appointed as a director and the Chief Executive Officer of the Company with the effect from September 10, 2023.
         (ii)        Daniel Zhang resigned as a director and the Chief Executive Officer of the Company on September 10, 2023.




312   Alibaba Group Holding Limited
                                                                     Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                (For the Years Ended March 31, 2023, 2024 and 2025)


32. Management and directors' emoluments (Continued)

(b) Directors’ and the chief executive’s emoluments (Continued)

                                                                          Year ended March 31, 2025
                                                              Salaries,                                          Share-based
                                                       allowances and                      Pension scheme       compensation
         Name                                   Fees   benefits in kind         Bonuses      contributions          expenses         Total
                                                                            (in thousands of RMB)
         Joseph C. TSAI                            -            2,536          28,000                 117               302         30,955
         Eddie Yongming WU                         -            4,359          45,000                 175           270,537        320,071
         J. Michael EVANS                          -            7,039          28,000                 351            99,355        134,745
         Maggie Wei WU                             -            2,409               -                 111             4,309          6,829
         Jerry YANG                            1,552                -               -                   -             2,402          3,954
         Wan Ling MARTELLO                     1,624                -               -                   -             2,402          4,026
         Weijian SHAN                          1,552                -               -                   -             2,402          3,954
         Irene Yun-Lien LEE                    1,877                -               -                   -             2,402          4,279
         Albert Kong Ping NG                   2,852                -               -                   -             2,402          5,254
         Kabir MISRA                           1,913                -               -                   -             2,402          4,315
                                              11,370           16,343         101,000                 754           388,915        518,382



(c) Directors’ termination benefits

No Directors’ termination benefits subsisted at the end of the years or at any time during the years ended March 31, 2024 and 2025,
respectively.

(d) Consideration provided to third parties for making available directors’ services

No consideration provided to or receivable by third parties for making available Directors’ services subsisted at the end of the years or
at any time during the years ended March 31, 2024 and 2025, respectively.

(e) Information about loans, quasi-loans and other dealings in favor of directors, their controlled bodies and connected entities

There were no loans, quasi-loans and other dealings in favour of Directors, their controlled bodies corporate and connected entities
subsisted at the end of the years or at any time during the years ended March 31, 2024 and 2025, respectively.

(f) Directors’ material interests in transactions, arrangements or contracts

No significant transactions, arrangements and contracts in relation to the Group’s business to which the Company was a party and in
which a Director of the Company had a material interest, whether directly or indirectly, subsisted at the end of the years or at any time
during the years ended March 31, 2024 and 2025, respectively.




                                                                                                             Fiscal Year 2025 Annual Report   313
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      (For the Years Ended March 31, 2023, 2024 and 2025)


      33. Aging analysis

         Accounts receivable

         The aging analysis of the accounts receivable, net of allowance, based on billing date is as follows:

                                                                                                                 As of March 31,
                                                                                                       2024                        2025
                                                                                                       RMB                         RMB
                                                                                                                  (in millions)
          0-3 months                                                                                        23,046                    25,172
          3-6 months                                                                                         3,306                     3,078
          6-12 months                                                                                        2,086                     1,775
          Over 1 year                                                                                          924                       627
          Accounts receivable, net of allowance                                                             29,362                    30,652

         Accounts payable

         The aging analysis of the accounts payable based on billing date is as follows:
                                                                                                                 As of March 31,
                                                                                                       2024                        2025
                                                                                                       RMB                         RMB
                                                                                                                  (in millions)
          0-3 months                                                                                        54,066                    52,019
          3-6 months                                                                                         5,551                     3,990
          6-12 months                                                                                        1,271                       846
          Over 1 year                                                                                        2,960                     1,346
          Accounts payable                                                                                  63,848                    58,201




314   Alibaba Group Holding Limited
                                                                      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                      (For the Years Ended March 31, 2023, 2024 and 2025)


34. Subsidiaries and consolidated entities

    The following is a list of subsidiaries and VIEs that together are representative of the major businesses operated by our group as
    of March 31, 2025:

     Name                        Place of incorporation /     Particulars of issued     Group's        Principal activities /
                                 establishment                share capital             effective      place of operation
                                                                                        interest (%)
     Taobao Holding Limited      Established in the Cayman    USD9,507,185,264.95       100%           A holding company of certain major
                                 Islands, limited liability                                            subsidiaries of Taobao and Tmall
                                 company                                                               Group and Local Services Group(3)
     Taobao China Holding        Established in Hong Kong,    USD8,696,575,118.24       100%           A holding company of certain major
     Limited                     limited liability company                                             subsidiaries of Taobao and Tmall
                                                                                                       Group and Local Services Group(3)
     Alibaba.com Limited         Established in the Cayman    USD10,467,554,893.50 100%                A holding company of certain major
                                 Islands, limited liability                                            subsidiaries relating to AIDC Group
                                 company                                                               and Cloud Intelligence Group(3)
     Alibaba.com Investment      Established in the British   USD8,645,967,040.27       100%           The parent company of the holding
     Holding Limited             Virgin Islands, limited                                               company of AIDC Group and a
                                 liability company                                                     holding company of certain
                                                                                                       subsidiaries relating to Cloud
                                                                                                       Intelligence Group(3)
     Alibaba Investment Limited Established in the British    USD20,151,021,608.85 100%                A holding company for strategic
                                Virgin Islands, limited                                                investments and certain subsidiaries
                                liability company                                                      of Hujing Digital Media and
                                                                                                       Entertainment Group(3)
     Alibaba Group Services    Established in Hong Kong,      USD8,333,805,023.27       100%           Treasury center in Hong Kong
     Limited                   limited liability company
     Zhejiang Tmall Technology Established in the PRC,        Registered Capital        100%           Provision of software and
     Co., Ltd.                 limited liability company      USD116,148,509.32                        technology services for Tmall in the
                                                                                                       PRC
     Zhejiang Tmall Network      Established in the PRC,      Registered Capital        100%(1)        Primarily involved in the operation
     Co., Ltd.                   limited liability company    RMB10,000,000                            of Tmall in the PRC
     Taobao (China) Software     Established in the PRC,      Registered Capital        100%           Provision of software and
     Co., Ltd.                   limited liability company    USD693,033,747.2                         technology services for Taobao in
                                                                                                       the PRC
     Zhejiang Taobao Network     Established in the PRC,      Registered Capital        100%(1)        Provision of value-added
     Co., Ltd                    limited liability company    RMB65,000,000                            telecommunications services for
                                                                                                       Taobao in the PRC




                                                                                                             Fiscal Year 2025 Annual Report   315
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      (For the Years Ended March 31, 2023, 2024 and 2025)


      34. Subsidiaries and consolidated entities (Continued)

          The following is a list of subsidiaries and VIEs that together are representative of the major businesses operated by our group as
          of March 31, 2025: (Continued)

           Name                           Place of incorporation /       Particulars of issued     Group's      Principal activities /
                                          establishment                                            effective    place of operation
                                                                                                   interest (%)

           Hangzhou AliCloud Apsara Established in the PRC,              Registered Capital        100%            Primarily involved in the operation
           Information Technology Co., limited liability company         RMB1,000,000                              of Cloud Intelligence Group in the
           Ltd.                                                                                                    PRC

           Alibaba Cloud Computing        Established in the PRC,        Registered Capital        100%(1)         Primarily involved in the operation
           Ltd.                           limited liability company      RMB1,010,101,010.1                        of Cloud Intelligence Group in the
                                                                                                                   PRC

           Alibaba.com International      Established in the Cayman      USD14,582                 100%            The holding company of AIDC
           (Cayman) Holding Limited       Islands, limited liability                                               Group(3)
                                          company

           Hangzhou Cainiao Supply    Established in the PRC,            Registered Capital        100%            Primarily involved in the operation
           Chain Management Co., Ltd. limited liability company          RMB50,000,000                             of Cainiao Smart Logistics
                                                                                                                   Network Limited in the PRC

           Rajax Network Technology       Established in the PRC,        Registered Capital        76.02%          Primarily involved in the operation
           (Shanghai) Co., Ltd.           limited liability company      RMB55,000,000,000                         of Local Services Group in the
                                                                                                                   PRC

           Shanghai Rajax Information     Established in the PRC,        Registered Capital        76.02%(1)       Primarily involved in the operation
           Technology Co., Ltd.           limited liability company      RMB10,000,000                             of Local Services Group in the
                                                                                                                   PRC

           Beijing Youku Technology       Established in the PRC,        Registered Capital        100%            Primarily involved in the operation
           Co., Ltd.                      limited liability company      RMB10,000,000                             of Hujing Digital Media and
                                                                                                                   Entertainment Group in the PRC

           Hujing Culture Entertainment Established in the PRC,          Registered Capital        100%            Primarily involved in the operation
           (Beijing) Co., Ltd.(2)       limited liability company        RMB167,575,758                            of Hujing Digital Media and
                                                                                                                   Entertainment Group in the PRC


           (1)    As described in Note 2, the Group does not have equity interest in these entities, but control these entities through contractual
                  arrangements.
           (2)    Formerly known as Alibaba Culture Entertainment Co., Ltd.
           (3)    A holding company with no business operations.


      35. Reconciliation between U.S. GAAP and International Financial Reporting Standards

          The consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP, which differ in certain respects from
          International Financial Reporting Standards (“IFRS”). The effects of material differences between the consolidated financial
          statements of the Company prepared under U.S. GAAP and IFRS are as follows:




316   Alibaba Group Holding Limited
                                                                                           Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                                                (For the Years Ended March 31, 2023, 2024 and 2025)


35. Reconciliation between U.S. GAAP and International Financial Reporting Standards (Continued)

     Reconciliation of Consolidated Balance Sheets (Extract)

                                                                                                    As of March 31, 2024
                                                                           Equity
                                                                        securities
                                    Amounts as Consolidation              without
                                       reported and business               readily           Equity                                        Redeemable
                                     under U.S. combinations,       determinable            method Share-based           Operating       noncontrolling                      Amounts
                                         GAAP      and others           fair value      investments           awards        leases            interests Hyperinflation     under IFRS
                                                           (i)                 (ii)             (iii)             (iv)          (v)                 (vi)          (vii)
                                                                                                    (in millions of RMB)
Equity securities and other
  investments                          220,942                —                3,245            5,163              —               —                —               —         229,350
Prepayments, receivables and
  other assets                         116,102              (258)                —              (113)             (534)        (1,874)              —              161        113,484
Investments in equity method
  investees                            203,131           (241)                    —              (173)              —              —                —               —         202,717
Property and equipment, net            185,161             —                      —                —                —              —                —              446        185,607
Intangible assets, net                  26,950         (2,181)                    —                —                —              —                —              377         25,146
Goodwill                               259,679        (46,392)                    —                —                —              —                —            2,455        215,742
Total assets                         1,764,829        (49,072)                 3,245            4,877             (534)        (1,874)              —            3,439      1,724,910
Deferred tax liabilities                53,012           (789)                   487               10              195             —                —              (46)        52,869
Other liabilities                       31,867             —                      —                —                —              (1)          10,009              —          41,875
Total liabilities                      652,230           (789)                   487               10              195             (1)          10,009             (46)       662,095
Mezzanine equity                        10,728             —                      —                —                —              —           (10,728)             —              —
Total shareholders’ equity             986,544        (10,984)                 2,164            4,867             (729)        (1,873)            (303)          1,469        981,155
Noncontrolling interests               115,327        (37,299)                   594               —                —              —             1,022           2,016         81,660
Total equity                         1,101,871        (48,283)                 2,758            4,867             (729)        (1,873)             719           3,485      1,062,815
Total liabilities, mezzanine
  equity and equity                  1,764,829        (49,072)                 3,245            4,877             (534)        (1,874)              —            3,439      1,724,910




                                                                                                  As of March 31, 2025
                                                                    Equity                                                                                 Convertible
                                                                 securities                                                                                  unsecured
                               Amounts as Consolidation            without                                                                                 senior notes
                                  reported and business             readily          Equity         Share-                    Redeemable                   and capped
                                under U.S. combinations,     determinable           method           based Operating        noncontrolling                         call      Amounts
                                    GAAP      and others         fair value     investments        awards         leases         interests Hyperinflation transactions     under IFRS
                                                      (i)               (ii)            (iii)          (iv)          (v)               (vi)          (vii)        (viii)
                                                                                                  (in millions of RMB)
Equity securities and other
  investments                     356,818             —              5,003             3,547              —          —                   —                —          —        365,368
Prepayments, receivables and
  other assets                     83,431           (258)              485                —              578      (1,010)                —              382       6,874        90,482
Investments in equity method
  investees                       210,169           (241)               —               (226)             —           —                  —              —            —        209,702
Property and equipment, net       203,348             —                 —                 —               —           —                  —           1,318           —        204,666
Intangible assets, net             20,911         (1,861)               —                 —               —           —                  —             426           —         19,476
Goodwill                          255,501        (36,284)               —                 —               —           —                  —           3,180           —        222,397
Total assets                    1,804,227        (38,644)            5,488             3,321             578      (1,010)                —           5,306        6,874     1,786,140
Deferred tax liabilities           48,454           (719)              368             (283)             (78)        —                   —              (51)         —         47,691
Convertible unsecured senior
 notes                             35,834             —                 —                 —               —           —                —                —        16,021        51,855
Other liabilities                  17,644             —                 —                 —               —           (2)          10,247               —            —         27,889
Total liabilities                 714,121           (719)              368              (283)            (78)         (2)          10,247              (51)      16,021       739,624
Mezzanine equity                   11,713             —                 —                 —               —           —           (11,713)              —            —             —
Total shareholders’ equity      1,009,858        (17,402)            5,120             3,604             656      (1,008)           1,439            2,616       (9,147)      995,736
Noncontrolling interests           68,535        (20,523)               —                 —               —           —                27            2,741           —         50,780
Total equity                    1,078,393        (37,925)            5,120             3,604             656      (1,008)           1,466            5,357       (9,147)    1,046,516
Total liabilities, mezzanine
 equity and equity              1,804,227        (38,644)            5,488             3,321             578      (1,010)                —           5,306        6,874     1,786,140




                                                                                                                                             Fiscal Year 2025 Annual Report             317
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      (For the Years Ended March 31, 2023, 2024 and 2025)


      35. Reconciliation between U.S. GAAP and International Financial Reporting Standards (Continued)

           Reconciliation of Consolidated Income Statement (Extract)

                                                                                                    Year ended March 31, 2024
                                                                                  Equity
                                                                               securities
                                            Amounts as    Consolidation          without
                                               reported    and business           readily         Equity                                    Redeemable
                                             under U.S.   combinations,    determinable          method Share-based          Operating    noncontrolling                     Amounts
                                                 GAAP        and others        fair value    investments           awards       leases         interests Hyperinflation    under IFRS
                                                                     (i)              (ii)           (iii)             (iv)         (v)              (vi)          (vii)
                                                                                                         (in millions of RMB)
      Revenue                                  941,168               —                 —              —              —              —                —            1,902       943,070
      Cost of revenue                         (586,323)              —                 —              —          (1,361)         1,332               —           (2,152)     (588,504)
      Product development expenses             (52,256)              —                 —              —          (2,629)            —                —             (179)      (55,064)
      Sales and marketing expenses            (115,141)              —                 —              —            (779)             2               —           (1,129)     (117,047)
      General and administrative expenses      (41,985)              —                 —              —          (2,552)           128               —             (133)      (44,542)
      Amortization and impairment of
        intangible assets                      (21,592)             360               —               —              —              —                —               74       (21,158)
      Impairment of goodwill                   (10,521)             650               —               —              —              —                —               —         (9,871)
      Income from operations                   113,350            1,010               —               —          (7,321)         1,462               —           (1,617)      106,884
      Interest and investment income, net       (9,964)              —              (365)           (799)            —              —             1,160           1,427        (8,541)
      Interest expense                          (7,947)              —                —               —              —          (1,629)            (700)            (92)      (10,368)
      Other income, net                          6,157               —                —               —              —              —                —              477         6,634
      Income tax expenses                      (22,529)             (78)             (37)           (249)           874             50               —             (488)      (22,457)
      Share of results of equity method
        investees                               (7,735)              —                —            5,303            (64)            —                —               —         (2,496)
      Net income                                71,332              932             (402)          4,255         (6,511)          (117)             460            (293)       69,656
      Net loss attributable to
      noncontrolling
        interests                                8,677             (748)            (295)             —             305             —               315              84         8,338
      Accretion of mezzanine equity               (268)              —                —               —              —              —               268              —             —
      Net income attributable to
        ordinary shareholders                   79,741              184             (697)          4,255         (6,206)          (117)           1,043            (209)       77,994




318   Alibaba Group Holding Limited
                                                                                            Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                                            (For the Years Ended March 31, 2023, 2024 and 2025)


35. Reconciliation between U.S. GAAP and International Financial Reporting Standards (Continued)

     Reconciliation of Consolidated Income Statement (Extract) (Continued)

                                                                                        Year ended March 31, 2025
                                                                 Equity                                                                                  Convertible
                                                              securities                                                                                  unsecured
                           Amounts as    Consolidation          without                                                                                 senior notes
                              reported    and business           readily         Equity       Share-                     Redeemable                      and capped
                            under U.S.   combinations,    determinable          method         based     Operating     noncontrolling                            call     Amounts
                                GAAP        and others        fair value    investments      awards           leases        interests Hyperinflation    transactions    under IFRS
                                                    (i)              (ii)           (iii)        (iv)            (v)              (vi)          (vii)          (viii)
                                                                                             (in millions of RMB)
Revenue                       996,347               —                 —               —           —             —                 —            1,259              —        997,606
Cost of revenue              (598,285)              —                 —               —          (43)        1,418                —           (1,514)             —       (598,424)
Product development
  expenses                    (57,151)              —                 —               —          (35)            —                —             (104)             —        (57,290)
Sales and marketing
  expenses                   (144,021)              —                 —               —           (8)             2               —           (1,261)             —       (145,288)
General and
  administrative
  expenses                    (44,239)              —                 —               —          (32)          115                —             (195)             —        (44,351)
Amortization and
  impairment of
  intangible assets            (6,336)             320                —               —           —              —                —               93              —         (5,923)
Impairment of goodwill         (6,171)           4,296                —               —           —              —                —               —               —         (1,875)
Other gains, net                  761               —                 —               —           —              —                —             (565)             —            196
Income from
  operations                  140,905            4,616                —               —        (118)         1,535                —           (2,287)             —        144,651
Interest and investment
  income, net                  20,759              986            2,237          (2,867)         —              960              599              62        (13,714)         9,022
Interest expense               (9,596)            (283)              —               —           —           (1,672)            (921)            (96)            —         (12,568)
Other income, net               3,387               (5)              —               —           —               —                —            1,262             —           4,644
Income tax expenses           (35,445)             (70)             121             160         763              42               —              163             —         (34,266)
Share of results of
  equity method
  investees                     5,966               —                —            1,491         (15)            —                 —               (3)            —           7,439
Net income                    125,976            5,244            2,358          (1,216)        630            865              (322)           (899)       (13,714)       118,922
Net loss attributable to
  noncontrolling
  interests                     4,133           (2,041)               —               —           (6)            —                94             303              —          2,483
Accretion of mezzanine
  equity                         (639)              —                 —               —           —              —               639              —               —            —
Net income
  attributable to
  ordinary
  shareholders                129,470            3,203            2,358          (1,216)        624            865               411            (596)       (13,714)       121,405



 (i)       Consolidation and business combinations

           The Company consolidates an entity when the Company obtains control over the entity and deconsolidates the entity upon
           the loss of control. Under U.S. GAAP, control generally exists when the Company obtains a controlling financial interest
           over an entity, whereby the usual condition is ownership of over 50% of the voting shares. Under IFRS, de facto control
           exists when the Company has the practical ability to direct the relevant activities of the entity, even if the Company owns less
           than 50% of the voting shares.

           The Company recognizes noncontrolling interests to reflect the portion of equity of a subsidiary that is not attributable to the
           Company. Under U.S. GAAP, noncontrolling interests are measured at fair value and full goodwill in relation to the acquiree
           is recognized in a business combination. Under IFRS, the Company can elect, on a transaction-by-transaction basis, to
           measure noncontrolling interests at the noncontrolling interests’ proportionate share of the acquiree’s net identifiable assets
           and partial goodwill is recognized to reflect the controlling interests only.




                                                                                                                                         Fiscal Year 2025 Annual Report               319
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      (For the Years Ended March 31, 2023, 2024 and 2025)


      35. Reconciliation between U.S. GAAP and International Financial Reporting Standards (Continued)

       (i)    Consolidation and business combinations (Continued)

              The Company recognizes an impairment loss when the Company determines that the carrying value of goodwill is not
              recoverable. Under U.S. GAAP, the impairment loss is measured by comparing the carrying value of the reporting unit,
              including goodwill, with its fair value. Under IFRS, the carrying value is compared with the recoverable amount, which is the
              higher of fair value less costs of disposal and value in use.

       (ii)   Equity securities without readily determinable fair value

              Under U.S. GAAP, the Company can elect, on an instrument-by-instrument basis, to apply the measurement alternative to
              record the investments in equity securities without readily determinable fair values at cost, less impairment, with subsequent
              adjustments for observable price changes recognized in the consolidated income statements. Under IFRS, these investments
              are measured at fair value with changes in fair value recognized in the consolidated income statements.

      (iii)   Equity method investments

              The Company generally applies the equity method to account for equity investments over which it has significant influence.
              Under U.S. GAAP, significant influence is presumed to exist for an investment in limited partnership or unincorporated
              entity, unless the investment is so minor that the Company has virtually no influence over the entity’s operating and financial
              policies. Under IFRS, significant influence is presumed to exist for an investment of over 20% of the voting rights of an
              entity.

              The Company records its share of the post-acquisition results of its equity method investees and adjusts for the basis
              differences that exist between the carrying values of the equity method investments and the Company’s proportionate share
              of the carrying value of the investee’s net assets. Adjustments are made to the financial statements of the equity method
              investees prepared under U.S. GAAP in order to conform to the Company’s accounting policies under IFRS and to reflect the
              basis differences of the equity method investments under IFRS, if different from those under U.S. GAAP.

      (iv)    Share-based awards

              The employees of the Company hold share-based awards relating to an equity method investee of the Company that were
              granted and will be settled by related parties or economic interest holders of the Company. Under U.S. GAAP, the cost
              related to these awards is recognized over the requisite service period, with subsequent changes in fair value of these awards
              recognized in the consolidated income statements. Under IFRS, these awards are not considered as share based payments of
              the Company and the cost relating to these awards is not recognized.

              The Company accounts for income tax effects of share-based awards that ordinarily give rise to tax deduction. Under U.S.
              GAAP, deferred taxes for these awards are measured based on share-based compensation expenses recognized in the
              consolidated financial statements. Under IFRS, deferred taxes for these awards are measured based on future tax deduction
              estimated at the end of each reporting period.

       (v)    Operating leases

              Under U.S. GAAP, the amortization of right-of-use assets and the interest expense related to lease liabilities are recorded
              together as lease expense and recognized in the consolidated income statements on a straight-line basis. Under IFRS, the
              right-of-use assets are amortized on a straight-line basis while the interest expense related to lease liabilities are recognized in
              the consolidated income statements using effective interest method.




320   Alibaba Group Holding Limited
                                                                   Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                (For the Years Ended March 31, 2023, 2024 and 2025)


35. Reconciliation between U.S. GAAP and International Financial Reporting Standards (Continued)

 (vi)    Redeemable noncontrolling interests

         Equity interests issued by certain subsidiaries of the Company are redeemable. Under U.S. GAAP, redeemable equity
         interests are classified as mezzanine equity if the redemption is outside the Company’s control and as noncontrolling interests
         if equity interests issued by finite-lived subsidiaries are mandatorily redeemable only upon liquidation. Under IFRS, these
         redeemable equity interests are generally classified as financial liabilities.

(vii)    Hyperinflation

         Under U.S. GAAP, when the Company determines that a subsidiary is operating in a highly inflationary economy, the
         financial statements of this subsidiary are remeasured prospectively as if its functional currency was the functional currency
         of its immediate parent company. Under IFRS, the financial statements of the subsidiary operating in a highly inflationary
         economy are restated in terms of the measuring unit current at the end of the reporting period.

(viii)   Convertible unsecured senior notes and capped call transactions

         Certain unsecured senior notes issued by the Company are convertible into its ordinary shares. Under U.S. GAAP, these
         convertible notes are accounted for in entirety as liabilities measured at amortized cost with debt discounts and debt issuance
         costs amortized using the effective interest method. Under IFRS, these convertible notes that the Company can settle in cash
         at its election are accounted for as hybrid instruments, and the Company designates the hybrid instruments as financial
         liabilities measured at fair value which are classified as current liabilities with changes in fair value recognized in the
         consolidated income statements, whereas changes in fair value attributed to credit risk recognized separately in other
         comprehensive income are insignificant.

         The Company entered into capped call transactions in connection with the issuance of the convertible notes. Under U.S.
         GAAP, these capped call transactions meet the scope exception for contracts in the entity’s own equity provided in ASC 815
         and are recognized in shareholders’ equity. Under IFRS, these transactions with net cash settlement alternative are recognized
         as financial assets measured at fair value with changes in fair value recognized in the consolidated income statements.




                                                                                                       Fiscal Year 2025 Annual Report      321
Alibaba.com       Alibaba Cloud      Alibaba Health    AliExpress     Alimama
    Aniu        Alibaba Cloud Bao        Xiaolu           Ayi           Derdo




   Amap              Cainiao            Damai           DingTalk        Ele.me
 Gao Xiaode        Cai Xiaoniao       Microphone      Ding Sanduo       Dalan




   Fliggy           Freshippo         Hujing DME        Lazada       Lingxi Games
   Fliggy         Mr.Freshippo        Hu Xiaojing        Lazzie       Ling Xiaoxi




  Lingyang      Orange Lion Sports     Pingtouge         Quark          Shuqi
Ling Xiaoyang     Cheng Xiaoshi      Ping Sanyong     Quark Baobao    Shu Xiaoqi




   Taobao         Tao Piao Piao          Tmall            UC           Xianyu
   Taodoll          Piao Piao          Tmall Doll         UU           Goofish




   Youku              1688
   Sammi              YUAN
Alibaba Group Holding Limited
