                NOTICE OF ANNUAL GENERAL AND
                SPECIAL MEETING AND
                MANAGEMENT INFORMATION
                CIRCULAR
                June 23, 2026




  121601706v5




150498439 v9
                                                                     NOTICE OF ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING OF SHAREHOLDERS
                                                                                AND MANAGEMENT INFORMATION CIRCULAR




LETTER FROM OUR CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER
I would like to invite you to join us for PetroTal Corp.’s (“PetroTal” or the “Corporation”) Annual General and
Special Meeting (“Meeting”) of shareholders, which will be held in person at the offices of Stikeman Elliott
LLP, Suite 4200, 888 3rd St SW, Calgary, Alberta T2P 5C5 on June 23, 2026, at 10:00 a.m. (Calgary time).

The attached Notice of Meeting and Proxy Statement outlines the business to be addressed at the meeting.
Whether or not you plan to attend, we strongly encourage you to submit your vote online or by mail.

PetroTal delivered solid operational and financial performance in 2025, demonstrating the resilience of our
business. Average production increased by approximately 9% compared to 2024, while the Company
generated $166 million of Adjusted EBITDA and $90 million of free funds flow. We also returned
approximately $44 million to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases prior to pausing our
distribution program in November.

Despite a lower commodity price environment, PetroTal ended the year with a strong cash position of
approximately $139 million, providing flexibility to advance key priorities. During 2025, we completed our
development drilling program early in the year and shifted our focus to infrastructure investment, including
the erosion control project at Bretana.

Looking ahead, our focus in 2026 is on restoring production growth and enhancing operational efficiency.
This includes optimizing water handling capacity at Bretana and resuming development drilling, which
remains on track for October 2026. We are also advancing cost reduction initiatives to further strengthen
the business.

PetroTal continues to prioritize safety, environmental stewardship, and engagement with local communities.
We remain committed to responsible operations and long-term value creation.

On behalf of PetroTal’s board of directors and the PetroTal team, we sincerely thank you for your continued
support and confidence. We look forward to hearing from you at the 2026 Annual General Meeting.

Thank you once again for being part of PetroTal’s success.

Sincerely,

Manuel Pablo Zúñiga-Pflücker

May 12, 2026




                                                                                                                 2
                                                                     NOTICE OF ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING OF SHAREHOLDERS
                                                                                 AND MANAGEMENT INFORMATION CIRCULAR




PETROTAL CORP.

NOTICE OF ANNUAL GENERAL AND
SPECIAL MEETING OF SHAREHOLDERS
TO BE HELD ON June 23, 2026
NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN that an annual general and special meeting (the “Meeting”) of the holders (the
“Shareholders”) of common shares (“Common Shares”) in the capital of PetroTal Corp. (the “Corporation”)
will be held at the offices of Stikeman Elliott LLP, Suite 4200, 888 3rd St SW, Calgary, Alberta T2P 5C5, on
June 23, 2026 at 10:00 a.m. (Calgary time), for the following purposes:

        1.   to receive the financial statements for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2025, together
             with the report of the auditors thereon;
        2.   to fix the number of directors to be elected at eight (8);
        3.   to elect directors for the ensuing year;
        4.   to reappoint the auditors of the Corporation to hold office until the next annual
             meeting of the Shareholders and authorize the directors to fix their remuneration;
        5.    to approve the issuance of all unallocated share units (“Share Units”) under the
              performance and restricted share unit plan of the Corporation;
        6.    to consider and, if thought appropriate, pass a special resolution authorizing the
              directors to consolidate the Common Shares on the basis of a ratio of between five
              (5) and ten (10) pre-consolidation Common Shares for each one (1) post-
              consolidation Common Share, as described in the Information Circular; and
        7.    to transact such other business as may properly be brought before the Meeting or
              any adjournment(s) thereof.

Only Shareholders of record at the close of business on May 8, 2026 (the “Record Date”) are entitled to
notice of and to attend the Meeting or any adjournment or adjournments thereof and to vote thereat,
unless, after the Record Date, a holder of record transfers his or her Common Shares and the transferee,
upon producing properly endorsed share certificates or otherwise establishing that he or she owns such
Common Shares, requests, not later than ten (10) days before the Meeting, that the transferee’s name be
included in the list of Shareholders entitled to vote such Common Shares, in which case such transferee
shall be entitled to vote such Common Shares, as the case may be, at the Meeting.

Registered Shareholders not planning or unable to attend the Meeting are requested to read the
Information Circular and the form of proxy which accompanies this notice and to complete, date and
sign the enclosed form of proxy and return it to the Corporation’s agent, Computershare Trust Company
of Canada, Attention: Proxy Department, 135 West Beaver Creek, PO BOX 300, Richmond Hill, ON L4B
4R5, in the enclosed envelope provided for that purpose. Alternatively, Shareholders may complete their
proxy online at www.investorvote.com by following the instructions provided on the form of proxy. In
order to be valid, proxies must be received by 10:00 a.m. (Calgary time) on or prior to the second last
business day preceding the day of the Meeting or any adjournment thereof or deposited with the Chair
of the Meeting by email at cmcallister@petrotal-corp.com on the day of the Meeting prior to the
commencement of the Meeting.

As a Shareholder of the Corporation, it is very important that you read the Information Circular and other
Meeting materials carefully. They contain important information with respect to voting your Common
Shares. PetroTal encourages Shareholders to submit their form of proxy and return it as soon as possible in
accordance with the instructions outlined in the accompanying Information Circular. Shareholders who do
not hold their Common Shares in their own name are strongly encouraged to complete the voting instruction
forms received from their broker as soon as possible and to follow the instructions set out in the
                                                                                                                3
                                                                   NOTICE OF ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING OF SHAREHOLDERS
                                                                               AND MANAGEMENT INFORMATION CIRCULAR



accompanying Information Circular.

Shareholders with questions about accessing or participating in the Meeting or requiring assistance with the
voting process, please contact our registrar and transfer agent Computershare Trust Company of Canada at
1-800-564-6253.

The Information Circular relating to the business to be conducted at the Meeting accompanies this Notice.


May 12, 2026

BY ORDER OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS

Manuel Pablo Zúñiga-Pflücker
President and Chief Executive Officer




                                                                                                              4
                                                                        NOTICE OF ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING OF SHAREHOLDERS
                                                                                    AND MANAGEMENT INFORMATION CIRCULAR




PETROTAL CORP.
Suite 300, 16200 Park Row
Houston, Texas 77084


MANAGEMENT INFORMATION
CIRCULAR FOR THE ANNUAL GENERAL
AND SPECIAL MEETING OF THE
HOLDERS OF COMMON SHARES OF
PETROTAL CORP.
TO BE HELD ON JUNE 23, 2026
Dated: May 12, 2026

Purpose of Solicitation

This management information circular (the “Information Circular”) is furnished in connection with the solicitation
of proxies by or on behalf of the management of PetroTal Corp. (the “Corporation”) for use at the annual general
and special meeting of the holders (the “Shareholders”) of the common shares (the “Common Shares”) in the
capital of the Corporation to be held at the offices of Stikeman Elliott LLP, Suite 4200, 888 3rd St SW, Calgary,
Alberta T2P 5C5, on June 23, 2026 at 10:00 a.m. (Calgary time), and any adjournment or adjournments thereof
(the “Meeting”) for the purposes set forth in the Notice of Annual General and Special Meeting (the “Notice of
Meeting”) accompanying this Information Circular.

Record Date
The Shareholders of record on May 8, 2026 (the “Record Date”) are entitled to notice of, and to attend and
vote at, the Meeting except to the extent that:

     1. such person transfers his or her Common Shares after the Record Date; and
     2. the transferee of those Common Shares produces properly endorsed share certificates or otherwise
        establishes his or her ownership to the Common Shares and makes a demand to the registrar and
        transfer agent of the Corporation, not later than ten (10) days before the Meeting, that his or her
        name be included on the Shareholders’ list for the Meeting.
Any registered Shareholder of the Corporation (a “Registered Shareholder”) at the close of business on the
Record Date who delivers a proxy will be entitled to have his or her Common Shares voted at the Meeting.
However, a person appointed under a form of proxy will be entitled to vote the Common Shares represented
by that form only if it is effectively delivered in the manner set out under the heading “Proxy Information -
Completion of Proxies”.

Proxy Information
Solicitation of Proxies
The solicitation of proxies is made on behalf of the management of the Corporation. The costs incurred in
the preparation of the enclosed form of proxy (the “Form of Proxy”), Notice of Meeting and this Information
Circular and costs incurred in the solicitation of proxies will be borne by the Corporation. Solicitation of proxies
will be primarily by mail, but may also be in person, by telephone or by electronic means.

Completion of Proxies
The Form of Proxy affords Registered Shareholders or intermediaries an opportunity to specify that the

                                                                                                                   5
                                                                     NOTICE OF ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING OF SHAREHOLDERS
                                                                                 AND MANAGEMENT INFORMATION CIRCULAR



Common Shares registered in their name shall be voted for, against or withheld from voting in respect of
certain matters as specified in the accompanying Notice of Meeting.

The persons named in the enclosed Form of Proxy are Manuel Pablo Zúñiga-Pflücker, the President and
Chief Executive Officer of the Corporation, and Camilo McAllister, the Executive Vice President and Chief
Financial Officer of the Corporation.

A REGISTERED SHAREHOLDER OR AN INTERMEDIARY HOLDING COMMON SHARES ON BEHALF OF AN
UNREGISTERED SHAREHOLDER HAS THE RIGHT TO APPOINT A PERSON, WHO NEED NOT BE A
SHAREHOLDER, TO ATTEND AND ACT ON THEIR BEHALF AT THE MEETING, IN THE PLACE OF THE PERSONS
DESIGNATED IN THE FORM OF PROXY FURNISHED BY THE CORPORATION. TO EXERCISE THIS RIGHT, THE
SHAREHOLDER OR INTERMEDIARY SHOULD STRIKE OUT THE NAMES OF THE PERSONS NAMED IN THE FORM
OF PROXY AND INSERT THE NAME OF THEIR NOMINEE IN THE BLANK SPACE PROVIDED, OR SUBMIT
ANOTHER APPROPRIATE PROXY.

A proxy must be dated and signed by the Registered Shareholder or by his or her attorney authorized in writing
or by the intermediary. In the case of a Registered Shareholder that is a corporation, the proxy must be
executed under its corporate seal or signed by a duly authorized officer or attorney for the corporation with
proof of authority accompanying the proxy.

In order to be effective, the proxy, together with the power of attorney or other authority, if any, under
which it was signed or a notarial certified copy thereof, must be mailed or completed online at
www.investorvote. com so as to be deposited at the office of the Corporation’s agent, Computershare Trust
Company of Canada, 320 Bay Street, 14th Floor, Toronto, ON M5H 4A6, not later than 10:00 a.m. (Calgary
time) on the second last business day preceding the day of the Meeting or any adjournment thereof or
deposited with the Chair of the Meeting by email at cmcallister@petrotal-corp.com on the day of the
Meeting prior to the commencement of the Meeting. No instrument appointing a proxy shall be valid after
the expiration of 12 months from the date of its execution. If a proxy is not dated, it will be deemed to bear
the date on which it was mailed by management of the Corporation.

Appointment and Revocation of Proxies
A Registered Shareholder or intermediary who has submitted a proxy may revoke it by instrument in writing
executed by the Registered Shareholder or intermediary or his or her attorney authorized in writing, or, if the
Registered Shareholder is a corporation, under its corporate seal and executed by a director, officer or
attorney thereof duly authorized, and deposited either with the: (a) Corporation at its offices or at the office
of the Corporation’s agent, Computershare Trust Company of Canada, at any time prior to 10:00 a.m. (Calgary
time) on the second last business day preceding the day of the Meeting, or any adjournment thereof, at which
the proxy is to be used; or (b) Chair of the Meeting by email at cmcallister@petrotal-corp.com prior to the
commencement of the Meeting on the day of the Meeting, and upon such deposit the previous proxy is
revoked.

Exercise of Discretion by Proxies
A Registered Shareholder or intermediary may indicate the manner in which the persons named in the
enclosed Form of Proxy are to vote with respect to any matter by checking the appropriate space. On any poll,
those persons will vote or withhold from voting the Common Shares in respect of which they are appointed
in accordance with the directions, if any, given in the Form of Proxy. If the Registered Shareholder or
intermediary wishes to confer a discretionary authority with respect to any matter, the space should be left
blank. IN SUCH INSTANCE, THE PERSONS NAMED IN THE ENCLOSED FORM OF PROXY INTEND TO VOTE THE
COMMON SHARES REPRESENTED BY THE PROXY IN FAVOUR OF THE MOTION.

The enclosed Form of Proxy confers discretionary authority upon the persons named therein with respect to
amendments or variations to matters identified in the Notice of Meeting and with respect to other matters
which may properly come before the Meeting. At the time of printing of this Information Circular,
management of the Corporation knows of no such amendment, variation or other matter. However, if any
                                                                                                                6
                                                                     NOTICE OF ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING OF SHAREHOLDERS
                                                                                 AND MANAGEMENT INFORMATION CIRCULAR



other matters which are not now known to management should properly come before the Meeting, the
proxies in favour of management nominees will be voted on such matters in accordance with the best
judgment of the management nominees.

Notice-and-Access
The Corporation has elected to use the “notice-and-access” provisions under National Instrument 54-101 –
Communications with Beneficial Owners of Securities of a Reporting Issuer (the “Notice-and-Access Provisions”)
for the Meeting. The Notice-and-Access Provisions are a set of rules developed by the Canadian Securities
Administrators that reduce the volume of materials which are mailed to Shareholders by allowing a reporting
issuer to post an information circular in respect of a meeting of its shareholders and related materials online.

The Corporation will use procedures known as “stratification” in relation to its use of the Notice-and-Access
Provisions, meaning that Registered Shareholders will receive a paper copy of the Information Circular and
other relevant information whereas Shareholders who do not own Common Shares in their own name
(“Beneficial Shareholders”) will be mailed a notification of availability of Meeting materials directing them to
those websites where they can access the Information Circular and other relevant information (the “Notice-
and-Access Notification”).

The Corporation anticipates that notice-and-access will directly benefit the Corporation through substantial
reductions in postage and printing costs. The Corporation believes that notice-and-access is also
environmentally responsible to the extent that it decreases the large volume of paper documents generated
by printing proxy-related materials.

The Corporation will be delivering the Notice-and-Access Notification to non-objecting Beneficial
Shareholders directly with the assistance of Broadridge Financial Solutions, Inc. (“Broadridge”). Management
does not intend to pay for intermediaries to forward the Notice-and-Access Notification to Beneficial
Shareholders who have objected to their intermediary/broker disclosing ownership information about them
pursuant to applicable securities laws (“Objecting Beneficial Shareholders”). Consequently, an Objecting
Beneficial Shareholder will not receive the Notice-and-Access Notification unless the Objecting Beneficial
Shareholder’s intermediary/broker assumes the cost of delivery.

Shareholders with questions about notice-and-access can call Broadridge Financial Solutions, Inc. toll free at
1-855-887-2244.

In order to receive a paper copy of this Information Circular and other relevant information, requests by
Beneficial Shareholders may be made up to one year from the date the Information Circular was filed on
System for Electronic Document Analysis and Retrieval Plus (“SEDAR+”) by: (i) mailing a request to the
Corporation at Suite 300, 16200 Park Row, Houston, Texas 77084; (ii) calling Broadridge toll free at 1-877-907-
7643; (iii) online at the Corporation’s website: www.petrotal-corp.com.

The Corporation estimates that a Shareholder’s request for paper copies of the Information Circular and other
relevant information will need to be received prior to June 8, 2026, in order for such Shareholder to have
sufficient time to receive and review the materials requested and return the completed Form of Proxy by the
due date set out under the heading “Completion of Proxies” in this Information Circular.

Advice to Beneficial Holders of Securities
The information set forth in this section is of significant importance to Beneficial Shareholders. Beneficial
Shareholders should note that only proxies deposited by Shareholders whose names appear on the records
of the Corporation as the registered holders of Common Shares can be recognized and acted upon at the
Meeting. If Common Shares are listed in an account statement provided to a Shareholder by a broker, then in
almost all cases those Common Shares will not be registered in the Shareholder’s name on the records of the
Corporation. Such Common Shares will likely be registered under the name of the Shareholder’s broker or an
agent of that broker. In Canada, the vast majority of such Common Shares are registered under the name of
CDS & Co. (the registration name for CDS Clearing and Depository Services Inc., which acts as nominee for
                                                                                                                7
                                                                      NOTICE OF ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING OF SHAREHOLDERS
                                                                                  AND MANAGEMENT INFORMATION CIRCULAR



many Canadian brokerage firms). Common Shares held by brokers or their agents or nominees can only be
voted for or against resolutions upon the instructions of the Beneficial Shareholder. Without specific
instructions, brokers and their agents and nominees are prohibited from voting shares for their clients.
Therefore, Beneficial Shareholders should ensure that instructions respecting the voting of their Common
Shares are communicated to the appropriate individuals.
Applicable regulatory policies require intermediaries/brokers to seek voting instructions from Beneficial
Shareholders in advance of securityholders’ meetings. Every intermediary/broker has its own mailing
procedures and provides its own return instructions to clients, which should be carefully followed by
Beneficial Shareholders to ensure that their Common Shares are voted at the Meeting. The form of proxy
supplied to a Beneficial Shareholder by its broker (or the agent of that broker) is typically similar to the Form
of Proxy provided to Registered Shareholders by the Corporation. However, the purpose of the broker’s form
of proxy is limited to instructing the Registered Shareholder (the broker or agent of the broker) how to vote
on behalf of the Beneficial Shareholder. Most brokers now delegate responsibility for obtaining instructions
from clients to Broadridge. Broadridge typically asks Beneficial Shareholders to return voting instruction forms
to Broadridge. Broadridge then tabulates the results of all instructions received and provides appropriate
instructions respecting voting of Common Shares to be represented at the Meeting. A Beneficial Shareholder
receiving a Broadridge voting instruction form cannot use that voting instruction form to vote Common
Shares directly at the Meeting. The Broadridge voting instruction form must be returned to Broadridge well
in advance of the Meeting in order to have the Common Shares voted.

Although a Beneficial Shareholder may not be recognized directly at the Meeting for the purposes of voting
Common Shares registered in the name of the Beneficial Shareholder’s broker (or agent of the broker), a
Beneficial Shareholder may attend the Meeting as proxyholder for the Registered Shareholder and vote such
Common Shares in that capacity. Beneficial Shareholders who wish to attend the Meeting and indirectly vote
their Common Shares as proxyholder for the Registered Shareholder should enter their own name in the blank
space on the instrument of proxy provided to them and return the same to their broker (or the broker’s agent)
in accordance with the instructions provided by such broker (or agent) well in advance of the Meeting. If you
have any questions respecting the voting of Common Shares held through an intermediary, please contact
that intermediary for assistance.




                                                                                                                 8
                                                                      NOTICE OF ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING OF SHAREHOLDERS
                                                                                    AND MANAGEMENT INFORMATION CIRCULAR




VOTING OF COMMON SHARES AND PRINCIPAL HOLDERS THEREOF
The Corporation is authorized to issue an unlimited number of Common Shares without nominal or par value.
As at the date hereof, there are 920,328,248 fully paid and non-assessable Common Shares issued and
outstanding. The holders of the Common Shares are entitled to receive notice of all meetings of Shareholders
and to attend and vote the Common Shares at all such meetings. Each Common Share carries with it the right
to one vote.

The bylaws of the Corporation provide that if two persons holding not less than 10% of the issued Common
Shares entitled to vote are present in person or are represented by proxy, a quorum for the purposes of
conducting a shareholders meeting is constituted.

Any Registered Shareholder at the close of business on May 8, 2026, being the Record Date, who completes
and delivers a proxy will be entitled to vote or have his or her Common Shares voted at the Meeting. However,
a person appointed under a form of proxy will be entitled to vote the Common Shares represented by that
form only if it is effectively delivered in the manner set out under the heading “Completion of Proxies”.

To the best of the knowledge of the directors and executive officers of the Corporation, as at the date hereof,
the following persons or companies beneficially owned, directly or indirectly, or exercised control or direction
over, voting securities of the Corporation carrying more than 10% of the voting rights attached to the Common
Shares:



                                                                                           Percentage of Total Issued and
                        Name                         Number of Common Shares Held
                                                                                            Outstanding Common Shares




  BH Holdings Limited                                     182,000,000                              19.93%




                                                                                                                     9
                                                                      NOTICE OF ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING OF SHAREHOLDERS
                                                                                  AND MANAGEMENT INFORMATION CIRCULAR




MATTERS TO BE CONSIDERED AT THE MEETING
The Shareholders of the Corporation will be asked to consider and, if deemed appropriate:

         1. by ordinary resolution, to fix the number of directors of the Corporation (the “Board”) at eight
            (8) members;

         2. by ordinary resolution, to elect the directors of the Corporation;

         3. by ordinary resolution, to appoint auditors for the ensuing year and to authorize the Board
            to fix their remuneration;

         4. to approve the issuance of all unallocated share units under the performance and restricted
            share unit plan of the Corporation;

         5. to consider and, if thought appropriate, pass a special resolution authorizing the directors to
            consolidate the Common Shares on the basis of a ratio of between five (5) and ten (10) pre-
            consolidation Common Shares for each one (1) post-consolidation Common Share, as
            described in the Information Circular; and

         6. to transact such other business as may properly come before the Meeting or any
            adjournments thereof.

Additional detail regarding each of the matters to be acted on at the Meeting is contained below.

Fixing Number of Directors
At the Meeting, it is proposed that the number of directors to be elected to hold office until the next annual
meeting or until their successors are elected or appointed, subject to the articles of the Corporation, be set
at eight (8).

In the absence of contrary instructions, the persons named in the accompanying Form of Proxy intend to vote
the Common Shares represented thereby in favour of setting the number of directors to be elected at the
Meeting at eight (8).

Election of Directors
Action is to be taken at the Meeting with respect to the election of directors. Shareholders will be asked to
pass an ordinary resolution at the Meeting to elect, as directors, the nominees whose names are set forth in
the table below. Voting for the election of nominees will be conducted on an individual, and not on a slate,
basis. Each nominee elected will hold office until the next annual meeting of the Shareholders or until his
successor is duly elected or appointed, unless his office is vacated earlier in accordance with the Corporation’s
bylaws.

The Board adopted an amended majority voting policy (the “Majority Voting Policy”) effective February 1,
2023, pursuant to which any director who is not elected by at least a majority (50% + 1) of votes cast with
respect to his or her election will be considered by the Board not to have received the support of the
Shareholders. Such a nominee must immediately tender his or her resignation to the Board. The Board will
be expected to accept the resignation except in situations in which exceptional circumstances warrant the
applicable director continuing to serve on the Board as permitted in accordance with the applicable policies
and staff notices of the Toronto Stock Exchange (the “TSX”). The Board will promptly disclose its decision
whether to accept the director’s resignation offer including the reasons for rejecting the resignation offer, if
applicable, by issuing a news release. Any director who tenders his or her resignation pursuant to the Majority
Voting Policy may not participate in any portion of a meeting of the Board (or, if applicable, any committee of
                                                                                                                 10
                                                                     NOTICE OF ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING OF SHAREHOLDERS
                                                                                 AND MANAGEMENT INFORMATION CIRCULAR



the Board, if he or she is a member of that committee) to consider the decision whether to accept such
director’s resignation.

Shareholders should note that, as a result of the Majority Voting Policy, a “withhold” vote is effectively the
same as a vote against a director nominee in an uncontested election. A copy of the Majority Voting Policy,
as amended, is included as Schedule “A” to the information circular of the Corporation dated May 3, 2023,
which is available under the Corporation’s SEDAR+ profile at www.sedarplus.ca.

Any Shareholder who wishes to nominate an additional director can do so by submitting to the Executive Vice
President and Chief Financial Officer of the Corporation the information required by the advance notice
provisions in the Corporation’s bylaws, including the nominees’ names, backgrounds, qualifications and
experience. The advance notice provisions require that a Shareholder give the Corporation advance notice of
any proposal to nominate directors for election to the Board. If a nomination is to be presented at an annual
meeting of Shareholders, the notice must be given between 30 and 65 days in advance of the meeting;
provided that if the annual meeting is to be held less than 50 days after the Corporation announces the
meeting date, the notice must, in those circumstances, be given within ten (10) days of the meeting
announcement. If a nomination is to be presented at a special meeting of Shareholders (that is not also an
annual meeting) where one of the items of business is the election of directors, then the notice must be given
within 15 days of the meeting announcement. No person nominated by a Shareholder will be eligible for
election as a director of the Corporation unless nominated in accordance with the advance notice provisions.
The Board may, in its sole discretion, waive any requirement of the advance notice provisions. A copy of the
advance notice provisions is included in the amended management information circular of the Corporation
dated May 9, 2013 (a copy of which is available under the Corporation’s profile on the SEDAR+ website at
www.sedarplus.ca).

The Corporation is required by applicable corporate and securities legislation to have an Audit Committee
comprised of members of the Board that are considered “financially literate” and a majority of which are
considered “independent”, as such terms are defined in National Instrument 52-110 – Audit Committees (“NI
52-110”). The Corporation has also established a: (a) Corporate Governance and Compensation Committee;
(b) Reserves Committee; and (c) Health, Safety, Environment and Corporate Social Responsibility Committee
(the “HSES Committee”), each comprised of members of the Board. Please see the discussion under the
heading “Corporate Governance Practices”. The present members of each committee of the Board are
identified in the table below.

The following information relating to the nominees as directors is based partly on the records of the
Corporation and partly on information received by the Corporation from the respective nominees, and sets
forth the name and municipality of residence of the persons proposed to be nominated for election as
directors, all other positions and offices within the Corporation now held by them, their principal occupations
or employments, the periods during which they have served as directors of the Corporation and the number
of Common Shares beneficially owned, directly or indirectly, or over which control or direction is exercised by
each of them as at the date hereof.




                                                                                                                11
                                                                        NOTICE OF ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING OF SHAREHOLDERS
                                                                                    AND MANAGEMENT INFORMATION CIRCULAR




                            Manuel Pablo Zúñiga - Pflücker
                            Age: 65                                 Committee Positions:
                            Residence: Houston, TX                     -   Reserves Committee

                            Director since: December, 2017          Other Public Boards:
                                                                       -    None
                            Non-Independent




Manolo Zúñiga is the founder and Chief Executive Officer of PetroTal. He has been instrumental in establishing
the Corporation’s position as the largest oil producer in Peru. A petroleum engineer with over 30 years of industry
experience, Mr. Zúñiga was previously a founder and the President and Chief Executive Officer of BPZ Resources
(“BPZ”), an NYSE-listed oil and gas company with operations in Peru, from 2001 to 2015. BPZ’s principal asset was
the Corvina field at the Z-1 Block, located in the offshore Talara Basin of northwest Peru. The Corvina discovery
was brought onstream in less than two years using Peru’s first floating production storage and offloading (FPSO)
unit and developed with a buoyant drilling and production platform.

Mr. Zúñiga began his career as a junior engineer with Occidental Petroleum where he worked in Block 1-AB,
located in the northern jungle of Peru. He was born and raised in Talara, Peru and maintains long-standing
relationships with many operators and government agencies both in Peru, and across Latin America. Mr. Zúñiga
holds a Bachelor of Science degree in Mechanical Engineering from the University of Maryland and a Master of
Science degree in Petroleum Engineering from Texas A&M University.

Share Ownership                                          2025                                      2024

                                              Number             Value(2)             Number                 Value(2)


Common Shares(1)                            12,208,632          $3,430,625           11,799,058            $4,424,647

PSU’s                                       10,613,093          $2,982,279           10,543,472            $3,953,802




Total                                       22,821,725          $6,412,905           22,342,530            $8,378,449




                                                                                                                    12
                                                                               NOTICE OF ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING OF SHAREHOLDERS
                                                                                           AND MANAGEMENT INFORMATION CIRCULAR




                              Mark McComiskey (Chairman)
                              Age: 53                                   Committee Positions:
                              Residence: Connecticut, USA                      -   Corporate Governance & Compensation
                                                                               -   Audit Committee
                                                                               -   Technical Committee
                              Director since: July, 2016
                                                                        Other Public Boards:
                              Independent                                  -    None




Mark McComiskey has worked in the private equity and infrastructure investing sector for more than 20 years. He is
currently the CEO of AVAIO Digital and a Partner at AVAIO Capital, a firm that focuses on value-added infrastructure
investment. At AVAIO, Mr. McComiskey oversees all investment activities and day-to-day business operations of the
firm. Prior to founding AVAIO, Mr. McComiskey was a Senior Managing Director at Prostar Capital and a Partner at
its successor firm, Vanwall Capital, LLC. Mr. McComiskey has held various other board positions for public and private
companies in the USA, Canada and Europe, including DHT, Dresser-Rand, and CHC, among others. Prior to Prostar,
Mr. McComiskey was the Co-Head of Private Equity at First Reserve, a private equity firm focused on the energy
industry.

Mr. McComiskey holds an AB in economics, magna cum laude, from Harvard College and a Juris Doctorate, magna
cum laude, from Harvard Law School.

Share Ownership                                              2025                                         2024

                                                  Number            Value(2)                 Number                 Value(2)


Common Shares(1)                                    -                  -                         -                     -

DSU’s                                            2,164,372          $608,189                 2,048,588             $768,220




Total                                            2,164,372          $608,189                 2,048,588             $768,220




                                                                                                                           13
                                                                            NOTICE OF ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING OF SHAREHOLDERS
                                                                                        AND MANAGEMENT INFORMATION CIRCULAR




                             Gavin Wilson
                             Age: 62                                   Committee Positions:
                             Residence: Zurich, Switzerland                -    Corporate Governance & Compensation
                                                                           -    Reserves Committee
                                                                           -    HSES Committee
                             Director since: June, 2013
                                                                       Other Public Boards:
                                                                           -    TAG Oil (TAO-TSX)
                             Independent                                   -    Afentra plc (AFE-AIM)




Gavin Wilson is Investment Manager for the Meridian Group of Companies, a private investment company which
controls a significant shareholding in PetroTal. Prior thereto, Mr. Wilson was the Founder and Manager of RAB
Energy and RAB Octane, listed investment funds, from 2004 until 2011. From 1992 to 2003, Mr. Wilson worked with
Canaccord Capital London, an investment banking firm, as Head of Oil and Gas, responsible for the firm’s sales and
corporate broking/finance businesses. Mr. Wilson holds a Bachelor of Arts degree in French History and Civilization.

Share Ownership                                               2025                                      2024


                                                Number               Value(2)             Number                 Value(2)


Common Shares(1)[                                95,000              $26,695               95,000               $35,625

DSU’s                                           1,249,490            $351,106             1,199,717             $449,894




Total                                           1,344,490            $377,801             1,294,717             $485,519




                                                                                                                        14
                                                                             NOTICE OF ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING OF SHAREHOLDERS
                                                                                         AND MANAGEMENT INFORMATION CIRCULAR




                              Eleanor Barker
                              Age: 72                                   Committee Positions:
                              Residence: Toronto, Canada                    -    Audit Committee
                                                                            -    Technical Committee
                              Director since: December, 2019
                                                                        Other Public Boards:
                              Independent                                   -    None




Eleanor Barker is President of Barker Oil Strategies and Chair of the Audit Committee of PetroTal. From 2017 to 2021,
she was a Director and Chair of the Audit Committee of Serinus Energy plc. Prior thereto, Ms. Barker was a Director
of Sterling Resources Ltd. from 2014 to 2017. For over 30 years, Ms. Barker was an Oil and Gas investment analyst
in Canada. Since 1995, Ms. Barker has focused exclusively on International Oil and Gas research. Ms. Barker is a past
Director of the US National Association of Petroleum Investment Analysts and a former President of the Canadian
Association of Investment Analysts. From 1993 to 1995, Ms. Barker was a Director of Gordon Capital. Prior to her
work in financial markets, she held various positions with Esso and Gulf Canada.

Ms. Barker holds an MBA from the University of Western Ontario and an Honours B.Sc. from Queens University.

Share Ownership                                                2025                                     2024


                                                Number                Value(2)             Number                 Value(2)


Common Shares(1)                                370,000               $103,970              370,000              $142,450

DSU’s                                           1,017,398             $285,889              909,455              $341,045




Total                                           1,387,398             $389,859             1,309,455             $483,495




                                                                                                                         15
                                                                              NOTICE OF ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING OF SHAREHOLDERS
                                                                                          AND MANAGEMENT INFORMATION CIRCULAR




                              Jon Harris
                              Age: 59                                  Committee Positions:
                                                                              -   Corporate Governance & Compensation
                              Residence: London, England                          Committee
                                                                              -   Reserves Committee
                                                                              -   Technical Committee
                              Director since: September, 2022
                                                                       Other Public Boards:
                              Independent                                     -   Gulf Keystone Petroleum (GKP-AIM)




Since January 2021, Jon Harris has been the CEO of Gulf Keystone Petroleum. Mr. Harris has over 30 years’
experience in the oil and gas industry; prior to joining Gulf Keystone, Mr. Harris was the Executive Vice President of
the Upstream business for SASOL Limited, an integrated energy and chemicals company based in South Africa, and
BG Group. Mr. Harris also previously spent 25 years with BG Group in various international roles, including Executive
Vice President Technical and General Manager of Production Operations, as well as senior management assignments
in the United States, Trinidad & Tobago, and Egypt.

Mr. Harris received a Master of Engineering in Fuel and Energy (with distinction) from the University of Leeds, UK.

Share Ownership                                             2025                                         2024


                                                 Number            Value(2)                 Number                 Value(2)


Common Shares(1)                                    -                    -                      -                     -

DSU’s                                            606,510            $170,429                395,588               $148,355




Total                                            606,510            $170,429                395,588               $148,355




                                                                                                                          16
                                                                             NOTICE OF ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING OF SHAREHOLDERS
                                                                                         AND MANAGEMENT INFORMATION CIRCULAR




                             Felipe Arbelaez-Hoyos
                             Age: 56                                  Committee Positions:
                             Residence: London, England                      -   HSES Committee
                                                                             -   Audit Committee
                             Director since: July, 2023
                                                                      Other Public Boards:
                             Independent                                     -   None




Felipe Arbelaez Hoyos has more than 20 years of experience in the global oil and gas industry. He is currently the
Senior Vice President of Hydrogen and Carbon Capture Systems for BP Energy in London. His prior responsibilities
include developing and operating BP’s associated renewable energy asset portfolio including solar and biofuels,
onshore and offshore wind. Mr. Arbelaez Hoyos brings in depth commercial, ESG and oil trading knowledge to the
PetroTal team. He holds Masters Degrees in both Mechanical Engineering (University of Colorado, Boulder) and
Finance (Universidad de los Andes) with language fluency in English, French, Spanish and Portuguese.

Share Ownership                                            2025                                         2024


                                                 Number           Value(2)                 Number                 Value(2)


Common Shares(1)                                     -                  -                      -                     -

DSU’s                                            510,121           $143,344                275,584               $103,344




Total                                            510,121           $143,344                275,584               $103,344




                                                                                                                         17
                                                                               NOTICE OF ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING OF SHAREHOLDERS
                                                                                           AND MANAGEMENT INFORMATION CIRCULAR




                             Emily Morris
                             Age: 49                                    Committee Positions:
                                                                               -   Reserves Committee
                             Residence: London, England                        -   Technical Committee

                             Director since: October, 2023              Other Public Boards:
                                                                            -   None
                             Independent




Emily Morris joins PetroTal’s board as an independent, non-executive director, bringing over 20 years of experience
in energy capital markets, M&A and ESG. Ms. Morris is currently a private corporate finance consultant, having
previously led the energy team for a number of investment banks in London. Ms. Morris’ career spans equity
research, fund management, sales, corporate broking and advisory across the energy and resources sectors. Ms.
Morris holds a BA (Hons) in Economics and Politics from the University of Exeter, England.

Share Ownership                                              2025                                         2024


                                                Number              Value(2)                 Number                 Value(2)


Common Shares(1)                                    -                     -                      -                     -

DSU’s                                           482,531              $135,591                 242,503              $90,939




Total                                           482,531              $135,591                 242,503              $90,939




                                                                                                                           18
                                                                                          NOTICE OF ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING OF SHAREHOLDERS
                                                                                                      AND MANAGEMENT INFORMATION CIRCULAR




                                     Denisse Abudinen
                                     Age: 44                                        Committee Positions:
                                                                                          -   HSES Committee
                                     Residence: Houston, Texas
                                                                                          -   Technical Committee

                                     Director since: April, 2025                    Other Public Boards:
                                                                                        -   None
                                     Independent




Denisse Abudinen began her professional career at ENAP (the Chilean National Oil Company) in 2007, where she
held various positions in the Exploration and Production business line, including Head of Corporate Strategy and
Business Development. Ms. Abudinen joined McKinsey & Company, as a Senior Client Development Advisor for Latin
America, based in Mexico City, where she advised major energy companies. In October 2018, Ms. Abudinen returned
to ENAP and was appointed as the Head of Upstream Business with operations in Argentina, Ecuador, Egypt and
Chile. In June 2021, she assumed the position of Chief Executive Officer ENAP Sipetrol, with responsibility for ENAP’s
international operations in Argentina, Ecuador, and Egypt, based in Cairo, Egypt. In this role, Ms. Abudinen led the
development and execution of strategic plans to capitalize on emerging market trends and opportunities.

In August 2024, Ms. Abudinen joined Methanex in Vancouver as VP, Low Carbon Global Market Development, with
responsibility for developing Low Carbon Market initiatives globally, including the US, Europe and Asia.

Ms. Abudinen holds a Master’s degree in International Management from King’s College University of London and a
degree in Civil Industrial Engineering with highest distinction from Pontificia Universidad Catolica of Chile.

Share Ownership                                                         2025                                          2024


                                                           Number                Value                   Number                  Value


Common Shares(1)                                               -                      -                     -                      -

DSU’s                                                      184,265                $51,778                   -                      -




Total                                                      184,265                $51,778                   -                      -

Notes:
         (1) The number of Common Shares includes shares beneficially owned, directly or indirectly, or over which the nominee exercises
             control or direction.
         (2) Total value of equity holdings is calculated based on the closing price of the Common Shares on the TSX on the last trading day in
             the Corporation’s financial year, being CAD $0.385 or USD $0.281 as of December 31, 2025 and CAD $0.54 or USD $0.375 as of
             December 31, 2024.




                                                                                                                                         19
                                                                      NOTICE OF ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING OF SHAREHOLDERS
                                                                                  AND MANAGEMENT INFORMATION CIRCULAR




Corporate Cease Trade Orders or Bankruptcies
Except as provided herein, none of the above proposed directors are, or within ten (10) years prior to the date
of this Information Circular have been, a director, Chief Executive Officer or Chief Financial Officer of any
company that, while such person was acting in that capacity, was subject to a cease trade order, an order
similar to a cease trade order or an order that denied the relevant issuer access to any exemption under
securities legislation that was in effect for a period of more than 30 consecutive days.

None of the above proposed directors are, or within ten (10) years prior to the date of this Information Circular
have been, a director, Chief Executive Officer or Chief Financial Officer of any company that was subject to a
cease trade order, an order similar to a cease trade order or an order that denied the relevant issuer access
to any exemption under securities legislation that was in effect for a period of more than 30 consecutive days,
that was issued after the proposed director ceased to be a director, Chief Executive Officer or Chief Financial
Officer and which resulted from an event that occurred while that person was acting in the capacity as
director, Chief Executive Officer or Chief Financial Officer.

Except as provided herein, none of the above proposed directors are, or within ten (10) years prior to the date
of this Information Circular have been, a director or executive officer of any company that, while acting in that
capacity, or within a year of that person ceasing to act in that capacity, became bankrupt, made a proposal
under any legislation relating to bankruptcy or insolvency or was subject to or instituted any proceedings,
arrangement or compromise with creditors or had a receiver, receiver manager or trustee appointed to hold
its assets.

Personal Bankruptcies
None of the above proposed directors have, within ten (10) years prior to the date of this Information Circular,
become bankrupt, made a proposal under any bankruptcy or insolvency legislation, been subject to or
instituted any proceedings, arrangement or compromise with creditors or had a receiver, receiver manager
or trustee appointed to hold their assets.

Penalties and Sanctions
None of the above proposed directors have been subject to any penalties or sanctions imposed by a court
relating to securities legislation or by a securities regulatory authority, or have entered into a settlement
agreement with a securities regulatory authority, or any other penalties or sanctions imposed by a court or
regulatory body that would likely be considered important to a reasonable securityholder in deciding whether
to vote for a proposed director.

In the absence of contrary instructions, the persons named in the accompanying Form of Proxy intend to
vote the Common Shares represented thereby in favour of the election to the Board of those persons
designated above as nominees for election as directors. The Board does not contemplate that any of such
nominees will be unable to serve as a director. However, if for any reason any of the proposed nominees
do not stand for election or are unable to serve as such, proxies in favour of management designees will be
voted for another nominee in their discretion, unless the Shareholder has specified in his proxy that his
Common Shares are to be withheld from voting on the election of directors.

Appointment of Auditors
The Shareholders will be asked to pass an ordinary resolution at the Meeting to appoint Deloitte LLP as
auditors of the Corporation, to hold office until the next annual meeting of the Shareholders, at such
remuneration to be determined by the Board. Deloitte LLP was first appointed as the Corporation’s auditors
on January 22, 2018.

In the absence of contrary instructions, the persons named in the accompanying Form of Proxy intend to
vote the Common Shares represented thereby in favour of the appointment of Deloitte Canada as auditors
of the Corporation and to authorize the Board to fix the remuneration to be paid to the auditors.
                                                                                                                 20
                                                                     NOTICE OF ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING OF SHAREHOLDERS
                                                                                 AND MANAGEMENT INFORMATION CIRCULAR



Approval of PRSU Plan and Unallocated Share Units
The Shareholders will be asked to pass an ordinary resolution at the Meeting to approve the grant of restricted
share units (“RSUs”) and performance share units (“PSUs”) under its performance and restricted share unit
plan (the “PRSU Plan”). In connection with the Corporation's graduation to the TSX from the TSXV, effective
May 3, 2023, the Board approved the adoption of certain amendments to the PRSU Plan to bring it in
alignment with the requirements of the TSX.

In accordance with the rules and policies of the TSX, director and shareholder approval is required every three
(3) years for all unallocated options, rights or other entitlements under a security-based compensation
arrangement that does not have a fixed maximum aggregate of securities issuable, such as the PRSU Plan. On
February 16, 2023, the Common Shares were listed on the TSX (prior thereto the Common Shares were listed
on the TSXV). The Board approved the unallocated Share Units under the 2023 version of the PRSU Plan prior
to the date of this Information Circular, as well as certain amendments to the 2023 version of the PRSU Plan.
The amendments incorporate specific updates pertaining largely to US tax considerations and did not require
Shareholder approval. As of the date of this Information Circular, the Corporation has 14,563,862 PSUs and
623,003 RSUs allocated and outstanding under the PRSU Plan, representing 1.65% of the issued and
outstanding Common Shares and 76,845,960 PSUs unallocated share awards (representing 8.35% of the
issued and outstanding Common Shares) that may be granted in the future under the PRSU Plan (less any
further grant of Options under the Stock Option Plan). The unallocated portion represents the maximum
future grants available under the Stock Option Plan and PRSU Plan. Any additional grants under the Stock
Option Plan would reduce the number otherwise available to grant under the PRSU Plan.

The Board believes that the passing of the below resolution is in the best interests of the Corporation and
recommends that Shareholders vote in favour of the resolutions (the “PRSU Plan Resolution”) approving the
grant of unallocated Share Units under the PRSU Plan.

At the Meeting, the Shareholders will be asked to approve the following ordinary resolution:

BE IT RESOLVED THAT:

    (1) all unallocated restricted share awards and performance share awards issuable under the
        performance and restricted share unit plan (the “PRSU Plan”) are hereby approved and authorized;
    (2) the Corporation have the ability to continue granting options under the PRSU Plan until June 23, 2029,
        being the date that is three (3) years from the date of this resolution; and
    (3) any one director or officer of the Corporation is hereby authorized and directed for and on behalf of
        the Corporation to execute or cause to be executed, under the corporate seal of the Corporation or
        otherwise, and to deliver or cause to be delivered, all such other documents and instruments and to
        perform or cause to be performed all such other acts and things as in such person's opinion may be
        necessary or desirable to give full effect to the foregoing resolutions and the matters authorized
        thereby, such determination to be conclusively evidenced by the execution and delivery of such
        document, agreement or instrument or the doing of any such act or thing.

In the absence of contrary instructions, the persons named in the accompanying Form of Proxy intend to
vote the Common Shares represented thereby in favour of the PRSU Plan Resolution.

If the necessary Shareholder approval is not obtained at the Meeting, the Corporation will no longer be able
to: (i) issue Common Shares from treasury in respect of any unallocated Share Units, being Share Units, which
have not been granted as of June 15, 2026; or (ii) authorize and issue further grants of Share Units under the
PRSU Plan after June 15, 2026. Share Units granted prior to this date will continue to be unaffected by the
approval or disapproval of this PRSU Plan Resolution; provided, however, that if any such Share Units are
cancelled prior to being exercised, they will not be available for reallocation unless the PRSU Plan Resolution
is approved.


                                                                                                                21
                                                                     NOTICE OF ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING OF SHAREHOLDERS
                                                                                 AND MANAGEMENT INFORMATION CIRCULAR



Share Consolidation
At the Meeting, Shareholders will be asked to approve a special resolution authorizing the consolidation of
the Common Shares into a lesser number of issued and outstanding Common Shares. The special resolution
will authorize the Board to: (a) select a consolidation ratio of between five (5) and ten (10) pre-consolidation
Common Shares for each one post-consolidation Common Share (the “Consolidation”); and (b) file articles of
amendment giving effect to the Consolidation at the selected ratio.

As of the date of this Information Circular, the Corporation has 920,328,248 Common Shares issued and
outstanding. The Corporation believes that the Consolidation, if implemented, will reduce the number of
outstanding Common Shares to a level more consistent with industry peers and may enhance the
marketability, liquidity, and trading price of the Common Shares.

If approved and implemented, the Consolidation will occur simultaneously for all of the Corporation’s issued
and outstanding Common Shares and the consolidation ratio will be same for all such Common Shares. The
Consolidation will affect all holders of Common Shares uniformly and will not affect any Shareholder’s
percentage ownership interest in the Corporation, except to the extent that the Consolidation would
otherwise result in a Shareholder owning a fractional Common Share. No fractional post-Consolidation
Common Shares will be issued and no cash will be paid in lieu of fractional post-Consolidation Common
Shares. Any fractional Common Shares resulting from the Consolidation will be rounded to the nearest whole
Common Share with fractions equal to 0.5 being rounded up to the nearest whole Common Share. There is
the possibility that the Consolidation may result in certain shareholders holding "odd lots," which is a
securities order with fewer shares than the standard trading unit, usually under 100 in stock transactions.
Transactions involving odd lot Common Shares may be subject to higher brokerage commissions and
additional transaction costs compared to those involving "round lots," which represent even multiples of a
board lot.

The Corporation is authorized to issue an unlimited number of Common Shares, and the Consolidation will
not affect the total number of Common Shares authorized for issuance. The exercise or conversion price and
the number of Common Shares issuable under any convertible securities of the Corporation will be
proportionately adjusted upon the completion of the Consolidation.

The Consolidation is subject to: (a) acceptance by the TSX; and (b) the approval of the Consolidation by the
Shareholders at the Meeting. If these approvals are received, the Consolidation will occur at a time
determined by the Board and announced by a press release of the Corporation. Notwithstanding approvals
being received, the Board may determine not to proceed with the Consolidation, at its discretion.

Pursuant to section 173(1)(f) of the Business Corporations Act (Alberta) (the “ABCA”), the Consolidation must
be approved by a special resolution of Shareholders. Accordingly, to be adopted, the special resolution must
be approved by at least two-thirds of the votes cast at the Meeting by Shareholders in person or represented
by proxy.

At the Meeting, Shareholders will be asked to consider, and if thought appropriate, pass the following special
resolution:

“BE IT RESOLVED AS A SPECIAL RESOLUTION THAT:

    1. the Corporation is authorized to file articles of amendment pursuant to section 173(1)(f) of the
       Business Corporations Act (Alberta) (the “ABCA”) to change the number of issued and outstanding
       common shares (“Common Shares”) in the capital of the Corporation by consolidating the issued and
       outstanding Common Shares on the basis of a ratio to be selected by the board of directors of the
       Corporation (the “Board”) between five (5) and ten (10) pre-Consolidation Common Shares for each
       one (1) post-Consolidation Common Share (the “Consolidation”) or for such other lesser whole or
       fractional number of existing Common Shares that the directors, in their sole discretion, determine
       to be appropriate, and in the event that the Consolidation would otherwise result in a holder of
                                                                                                                22
                                                                    NOTICE OF ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING OF SHAREHOLDERS
                                                                                AND MANAGEMENT INFORMATION CIRCULAR



      Common Shares holding a fraction of a Common Share, any fractional interest in Common Shares that
      is less than 0.5 of a Common Share resulting from the Consolidation will be rounded down to the
      nearest whole Common Share and any fractional interest in Common Shares that is 0.5 or greater of
      a Common Share will be rounded up to the nearest whole Common Share, such amendment to
      become effective at a date in the future to be determined by the Board when the Board considers it
      to be in the best interests of the Corporation to implement such a Consolidation, but in any event not
      later than the business day immediately prior to the Corporation’s next annual general meeting,
      subject to approval of the Toronto Stock Exchange;
   2. any director or officer of the Corporation is authorized and directed for and in the name of and on
      behalf of the Corporation to execute and deliver or cause to be delivered articles of amendment to
      the Registrar under the ABCA and to execute and deliver or cause to be delivered all documents and
      to take any action which, in the opinion of that person, is necessary or desirable to give effect to this
      special resolution;
   3. notwithstanding that this special resolution has been duly passed by the holders of the Common
      Shares, the directors of the Corporation may in their sole discretion revoke this special resolution in
      whole or in part at any time prior to its being given effect without further notice to, or approval of,
      the holders of the Common Shares; and
   4. any one director or officer of the Corporation be and the same is hereby authorized and directed for
      and in the name of and on behalf of the Corporation to execute or cause to be executed, whether
      under corporate seal of the Corporation or otherwise, and to deliver or cause to be delivered all such
      documents, and to do or cause to be done all such acts and things, as in the opinion of such director
      or officer may be necessary or desirable in order to carry out the terms of this resolution, such
      determination to be conclusively evidenced by the execution and delivery of such documents or the
      doing of any such act or thing.”

Other Matters Coming Before the Meeting

The Board knows of no other matters to come before the Meeting other than as referred to in the Notice of
Meeting. Should any other matters properly come before the Meeting, the Common Shares represented by
proxy solicited hereby will be voted on such matters in accordance with the best judgement of the person
voting such proxy.




                                                                                                               23
                                                                   NOTICE OF ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING OF SHAREHOLDERS
                                                                               AND MANAGEMENT INFORMATION CIRCULAR



2025 Voting Results

                 Motion            Outcome             Votes For                    Votes Against/Withheld
                                              Number         Percentage            Number           Percentage

Fix Number of Directors at Eight   Approved   398,902,556          99.0%           4,027,591            1.0%

    Manuel Pablo Zuniga-Pflucker    Elected   376,516,596          99.5%            1,886,557           0.5%

    Mark McComiskey (Chair)         Elected   374,950,217          99.1%            3,462,919           0.9%

    Gavin Wilson                    Elected   360,362,192          95.2%            18,050,944          4.8%

    Eleanor J. Barker               Elected   376,823,508          99.6%            1,589,628           0.4%

    Jon Harris                      Elected   375,892,308          99.3%            2,520,828           0.7%

    Felipe Arbelaez Hoyos           Elected   376,754,902          99.6%            1,658,234           0.4%

    Emily Morris                    Elected   376,754,904          99.6%            1,643,736           0.4%

    Denisse Abudinen                Elected   376,750,602          99.6%            1,648,038           0.4%

Appointment of Auditors            Approved   400,463,363          99.3%            2,626,784           0.7%

Approval for Share Consolidation   Approved   396,556,596          98.4%            6,533,550           1.6%




                                                                                                               24
                                                                      NOTICE OF ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING OF SHAREHOLDERS
                                                                                  AND MANAGEMENT INFORMATION CIRCULAR




SUMMARY OF DIRECTORS’ COMPENSATION
The directors of the Corporation are entitled to receive compensation for services in their capacity as
directors. Members of the Board of Directors are entitled to be reimbursed for all reasonable expenses
incurred to attend meetings. In addition, the performance and restricted share unit plan (the “PRSU Plan”)
allows for the grant of Share Units (as defined below) to directors.

On April 30, 2018, the Board approved the adoption of a deferred share unit plan (the “DSU Plan”) to grant
deferred share units (“DSU”) to non-employee directors. No Common Shares will be issued under the DSU
Plan and all DSUs granted are settled in cash. DSUs may only be granted in lieu of cash fees for non-employee
directors on a value-for-value basis. DSUs vest on the date they are granted but directors are only entitled to
receive the value of the DSUs once they cease to be a director of the Corporation. As further described below,
the DSU Plan provides for a cash payment equal to the closing price of the Common Shares on the trading day
prior to payment multiplied by the number of notional Common Shares underlying the DSUs held by a director
after such director ceases to be a director of the Corporation. In addition to providing for the grant of DSUs to
non-employee directors, non-employee directors also have the option to elect to receive DSUs in lieu of
receiving their annual cash retainers.

Deferred Share Unit Plan
The purpose of the DSU Plan is to: (a) promote a proprietary interest in the Corporation and a greater
alignment between non-employee directors of the Corporation and Shareholders; (b) provide a
compensation system for directors that is reflective of the responsibilities, commitments and risks
accompanying the role of a director; and (c) assist the Corporation in attracting experienced individuals to
serve as directors.

The Board administers the DSU Plan, which has the authority to grant DSU awards under the DSU Plan to non-
employee directors. The DSU Plan may be amended, suspended or terminated at any time by the Board. The
DSUs granted thereunder are not transferable or assignable except in the case of death. There were 7,393,961
DSUs outstanding under the DSU Plan as at December 31, 2025, and 7,879,036 DSUs outstanding under the
DSU Plan as at May 12, 2026.

No Common Shares will be issued under the DSU Plan and all DSUs granted are settled in cash. DSUs vest on
the date they are granted but directors are only entitled to receive the value of the DSUs once they cease to
be a director of the Corporation. Under the DSU Plan, directors may elect to receive up to 100% of their annual
retainer in the form of DSUs.

The cash payment to be received will be equal to the number of DSUs held by the director on the date the
director ceased to be a director after giving effect to adjustments for dividends, multiplied by the closing price
of the Common Shares on the TSX on the trading day immediately prior to the date the payment is to be
made, less all applicable withholding taxes.

Under no circumstances shall DSUs be considered Common Shares or other securities of the Corporation, nor
shall they entitle any participant to exercise voting rights or any other rights attaching to the ownership of
Common Shares or other securities of the Corporation, including, without limitation, voting rights, dividend
entitlement rights or rights on liquidation, nor shall any participant be considered the owner of Common
Shares by virtue of an award of DSUs. Notwithstanding the foregoing, and without conferring any rights as
Shareholders to the holders thereof, DSUs held by directors are included in calculating achievement of share
ownership guidelines.

For further information on compensation paid to the non-employee directors of the Corporation, see
“Summary of Directors’ Compensation – Director Compensation Table” below. For a description of the
compensation paid to Manuel Pablo Zúñiga-Pflücker, a director and the President and Chief Executive Officer
of the, see “Summary of Directors’ Compensation – Summary Compensation Table”.
                                                                                                                 25
                                                                                     NOTICE OF ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING OF SHAREHOLDERS
                                                                                                  AND MANAGEMENT INFORMATION CIRCULAR




Director Compensation Table
The below table sets forth for each of the Corporation’s directors, other than in the capacity of NEO, all
amounts of compensation earned, paid and payable, for the Corporation’s most recently completed fiscal
year ended December 31, 2025. Mr. Zúñiga-Pflücker does not receive compensation fees or share-based
awards for his role as director of the Corporation and is required to meet PetroTal’s CEO share ownership
requirement. He currently exceeds those requirements (see page 6).



                                                           Share-based         Option-based          All other
               Name                    Fees Earned                                                                          Total
                                                             awards              awards            Compensation

                                              (1)                 (2)
                                           ($)                 ($)                  ($)                     ($)              ($)

Mark McComiskey (Chair)                  105,000             180,000                 -                  -                 285,000

Gavin Wilson                              75,000             100,000                 -                  -                 175,000

Eleanor J. Barker                         97,000             100,000                 -                  -                 197,000

Jon Harris                                95,000             100,000                 -                  -                 195,000

Felipe Arbelaez Hoyos                     85,000             100,000                 -                  -                 185,000

Emily Morris                              75,000             100,000                 -                  -                 175,000

Denisse Abudinen(3)                       51,233              68,311                 -                  -                 119,544




Notes:
     (1) Fees earned by the directors were paid in US dollars.
     (2) The compensation reported under share-based awards is the value of DSUs granted in the year ended December 31, 2025.
         The value of DSUs is based on the number of DSUs granted multiplied by the closing price per Common Share on the TSX
         for the trading day prior to the date of the grant. This methodology for calculating the fair value of the DSU awards on the
         grant date is consistent with the initial fair value determined in accordance with IFRS 2. As a result, the total compensation
         expense for these DSU grants under IFRS for the year ended December 31, 2025, was CAD $0.385 or USD $0.281.
     (3) Ms. Abudinen was appointed as director of PetroTal effective as of April 25, 2025.




                                                                                                                                    26
                                                                                NOTICE OF ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING OF SHAREHOLDERS
                                                                                               AND MANAGEMENT INFORMATION CIRCULAR




Director share ownership guidelines
The non-executive directors of the Corporation will continue to work towards achievement of their share
ownership requirements. Following is the summary at December 31, 2025:

                 Name                DSUs          Shares         DSUs and         DSUs and          DSUs and           Share
                                                                    Shares          Shares            Shares          Ownership
                                                                                                     Required        Achievement
                                                                                                     to Meet
                                                                                                    Ownership
                                                                                                   Requirement
                                      (#)            (#)             (#)              ($)(1)           ($)(2)


 Mark McComiskey                       -         2,671,150        2,671,150        $750,593         $315,000           Exceeds

 Gavin Wilson                       95,000       1,550,540        1,650,540        $463,802         $225,000           Exceeds

 Eleanor J. Barker                 370,000       1,236,943        1,606,943        $451,551         $291,000           Exceeds

 Jon Harris(3)                         -          681,767         681,767          $191,577         $285,000         In progress

 Felipe Arbelaez Hoyos(4)              -          552,116         552,116          $155,145         $255,000         In progress

 Emily Morris(5)                       -          516,375         516,375          $145,101         $225,000         In progress

 Denisse Abudinen(6)                   -          185,070         185,070          $52,005          $225,000         In progress


Notes:
     (1) Value is calculated by multiplying the total number of estimated Common Shares by the closing price for the Common
         Shares on the TSX on December 31, 2025 (the last trading day in the Corporation’s most recently completed financial year),
         being CAD $0.385 or USD $0.281.
     (2) Represents estimated annual compensation times three (3) years.
     (3) Mr. Harris meets the share ownership requirement as of the date of this circular.
     (4) Mr. Arbelaez Hoyos was appointed as director of PetroTal effective as of July 6, 2023 and has until July 6, 2026 to meet a
         share ownership requirement of three (3) times his annual base salary.
     (5) Ms. Morris was appointed as director of PetroTal effective as of October 12, 2023 and has until October 12, 2026 to meet a
         share ownership requirement of three (3) times her annual base salary.
     (6) Ms. Abudinen was appointed as director of PetroTal effective as of April 25, 2025 and has until April 25, 2028 to meet a
         share ownership requirement of three (3) times her annual base salary.

Outstanding Share-based Awards by Director
Except for the DSUs set forth above, no awards are outstanding for the directors of the Corporation as of
December 31, 2025.




                                                                                                                                27
                                                                        NOTICE OF ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING OF SHAREHOLDERS
                                                                                    AND MANAGEMENT INFORMATION CIRCULAR




STATEMENT OF EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION
Pursuant to National Instrument 51-102 – Continuous Disclosure Obligations, the Corporation is required to
disclose certain information with respect to its compensation of executive officers and directors, as
summarized below.

Compensation Discussion and Analysis
All currency amounts expressed herein, unless otherwise indicated, are expressed in United States dollars.
The following information relates to the Corporation’s financial year ended December 31, 2025.

For the purpose of this statement of executive compensation, a “CEO” or “CFO” means each individual who
served as Chief Executive Officer or Chief Financial Officer, respectively, of the Corporation or acted in a similar
capacity during the most recently completed financial year. A “Named Executive Officer” or “NEO” means: (a)
each CEO, (b) each CFO, (c) each of the Corporation’s three most highly compensated executive officers or
the three most highly compensated individuals acting in a similar capacity, other than the CEO and CFO, at the
end of the most recently completed financial year and whose total compensation was, individually, more than
CAD$150,000 for that financial year, and (d) any additional individuals who would be a NEO under subsection
(c) but for the fact that the individual was not an executive officer of the Corporation, and was not acting in
a similar capacity, at the end of the financial year.

Based on the foregoing definitions, the NEOs in respect of the year ended December 31, 2025, were: Manuel
Pablo Zúñiga-Pflücker, President and Chief Executive Officer; Camilo McAllister, Executive Vice President and
Chief Financial Officer; Amaris Cardona, Chief People and Culture Officer; Jose Contreras, former Chief
Operating Officer; and Sudan Maccio, former Chief Legal Counsel and Corporate Secretary. Jose Contreras
departed as Chief Operating Officer effective June 13, 2025 and Sudan Maccio departed as Chief Legal Counsel
and Corporate Secretary on January 30, 2026.

Compensation Philosophy, Objectives and Governance
The Corporate Governance and Compensation Committee, on behalf of the Board, monitors compensation
for the executive officers and directors of the Corporation and is currently comprised of Messrs. McComiskey,
Harris and Wilson. Mr. McComiskey is the Chair of the Corporate Governance and Compensation Committee.
The Corporate Governance and Compensation Committee has the authority to engage and compensate, at
the expense of the Corporation, any outside advisor that it determines to be necessary for the proper
functioning of the committee.

The executive compensation program adopted by the Corporation and applied to its executive officers is
designed to attract and retain qualified and experienced executives who will contribute to the success of the
Corporation. The executive compensation program attempts to ensure that the compensation of the senior
executive officers provides a competitive base compensation package and a strong link between corporate
performance and compensation. Executive officers are motivated through the program to enhance long-
term Shareholder value.

Compensation Process
The Corporate Governance and Compensation Committee relies on the knowledge and experience of its
members to set appropriate levels of compensation for the directors and NEOs. When determining NEO
compensation, the Corporate Governance and Compensation Committee uses all data available to it to ensure
that such compensation is set at a level that is both commensurate with the size of the Corporation,
responsibilities of the particular NEO and retention of the NEOs, who are considered by the Corporate
Governance and Compensation Committee to be essential to the success of the Corporation. The Corporate
Governance and Compensation Committee did not update benchmarking for the purpose of establishing
compensation levels relative to any predetermined level and did not compare its compensation to a specific
peer group of companies. The last independent compensation benchmarking assessment was from 2023. The
                                                                                                                   28
                                                                     NOTICE OF ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING OF SHAREHOLDERS
                                                                                 AND MANAGEMENT INFORMATION CIRCULAR



Corporate Governance and Compensation Committee reviews the various elements of the NEOs’
compensation in the context of the total compensation package (including salary, incentive bonuses and
awards of performance share units (“PSUs”) and restricted share units (“RSUs”, and together with PSUs as
“Share Units”) of the Corporation) and recommends the NEOs’ compensation packages to the Board. The
majority of each long-term incentive award is in performance-based equity where value creation depends on
meeting metrics set for the performance period and increasing share price, which benefits all Shareholder.

Peer Group
The Corporation’s peer group is comprised of oil and natural gas exploration, development and production
companies headquartered in North America. Several of the companies have international operations, similar
to PetroTal. The companies in the peer group are approved by the Corporate Governance and Compensation
Committee, upon management's recommendation. The composition of the group will continue to be
reviewed annually by the Corporate Governance and Compensation Committee for its ongoing business
relevance to PetroTal. The goal is for PetroTal to rank in approximately the 50th percentile of key financial
metrics compared to its peers, including market capitalization and oil equivalent production. The following
table summarizes PetroTal’s peer group by Market Capitalization (as of December 31, 2025) and oil production
(2025 annual average).

                 Company          Exchange        Market        Production     Operating          Headquarters
                                               Capitalization                  Geography
                                                  (US$M)         (bopd)


Amplify Energy Corp.               NYSE            185           18,419          USA                  Houston, TX

Battalion Oil Corp.                NYSE             19           12,096          USA                  Houston, TX

Frontera Energy Corp.               TSX            308           39,011         LATAM                 Calgary, AB

Gran Tierra Energy Inc.             TSX            150           45,709         LATAM                 Calgary, AB

Highpeak Energy Inc.               NYSE            595           48,297          USA               Fort Worth, TX

International Petroleum Corp.       TSX           2,032          44,900         Global             Vancouver, BC

PrimeEnergy Resources Corp.        NYSE            280           15,270          USA                 Houston, TX

Riley Exploration Permian Inc.     NYSE            580           29,205          USA           Oklahoma City, OK

Ring Energy Inc.                   NYSE            180           20,253          USA          The Woodlands, TX

SandRidge Energy Inc.              NYSE            531           18,500          USA           Oklahoma City, OK

Vaalco Energy Inc.                 NYSE            380           16,556         Global               Houston, TX

Vitesse Energy Inc.                NYSE            745           17,444          USA                  Denver, CO



PetroTal Corp.                      TSX            256           19,473         LATAM                Houston, TX




                                                                                                                 29
                                                                                 NOTICE OF ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING OF SHAREHOLDERS
                                                                                               AND MANAGEMENT INFORMATION CIRCULAR




Performance Graph
The following performance graph illustrates PetroTal’s cumulative Shareholder return over the five (5) most
recently completed financial years (which includes periods in which the Common Shares were listed on the
TSX Venture Exchange “TSXV”), assuming an initial CAD$100 investment in the Common Shares, compared
to the cumulative return of the S&P TSX Capped Energy Index. The Corporation graduated from the TSXV to
the TSX on February 16, 2023. The closing price for the Common Shares on the TSX on December 31, 2025
(the last trading day in the Corporation’s most recently completed financial year) was CAD $0.385.

                                          Comparison of 5 Year Cumulative Total Returns
 $400.00


 $350.00


 $300.00


 $250.00


 $200.00


 $150.00


 $100.00


  $50.00


   $0.00
                 1/1/2020            1/1/2021          1/1/2022               1/1/2023            1/1/2024           1/1/2025

                            PetroTal Corp. (TAL)        TSX Composite (TSX)              TSX Capped Energy (TTEN)

     Canadian Dollars                  12/31/2020   12/31/2021    12/31/2022      12/31/2023     12/31/2024   12/31/2025
     PetroTal Corp. (TAL)               $100.00      $167.99       $268.00         $340.81        $259.26      $203.39
     TSX Composite (TSX)                $100.00      $121.74       $111.19         $120.22        $141.84      $181.91
     TSX Capped Energy (TTEN)           $100.00      $180.24       $266.61         $264.31        $291.48      $327.43



Compensation Risk
The Corporate Governance and Compensation Committee has assessed the Corporation’s compensation
plans and programs for its executive officers to ensure alignment with the Corporation’s business plan and
to evaluate the potential risks associated with those plans and programs. The Corporate Governance and
Compensation Committee has concluded that the compensation policies and practices do not create any
risks that are reasonably likely to have a material adverse effect on the Corporation. The Corporate
Governance and Compensation Committee considers the risks associated with executive compensation and
corporate incentive plans when designing and reviewing such plans and programs.

Additional key risk mitigating features of PetroTal’s executive compensation program include the following:

    • pay-out value of PSUs is tied to certain key performance indicators relating to the Corporation’s
      total Shareholder return, net asset value and certain production and operational milestones as
      evaluated by the Corporate Governance and Compensation Committee and do not offer minimum
      guaranteed payouts, aligning executive compensation with Shareholder returns;
    • a mix of fixed and variable compensation, and an appropriate weighting of long-term equity-based
      compensation;

                                                                                                                             30
                                                                    NOTICE OF ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING OF SHAREHOLDERS
                                                                                AND MANAGEMENT INFORMATION CIRCULAR



    • PSUs issued to the officers vest at the end of three (3) years to reward achievement of long-term
      financial and relative share price performance objectives and enhance retention;
    • clawback and Anti-Hedging Policies (each as defined below) are in place; and
    • executive officers are subject to share ownership guidelines in line with market practice.

Anti-Hedging Policy
The Corporation has adopted a written anti-hedging policy (the “Anti-Hedging Policy”) that prohibits a NEO
or director, among others, from purchasing financial instruments, including prepaid variable forward
contracts, instruments for the short sale or purchase or sale of call or put options, equity swaps, collars, or
units of exchangeable funds, that are designed to or that may reasonably be expected to have the effect of
hedging or offsetting a decrease in the market value of any securities of the Corporation.

The Anti-Hedging Policy has been implemented to ensure that directors, executive officers and employees
of the Corporation are prohibited from hedging or monetizing transactions in order to lock in the value of
their securities of the Corporation. Examples would include the entry into prepaid variable forward contracts,
instruments for the short sale or purchase or sale of call or put options, equity swaps, collars, or units of
exchangeable funds that have the effect of offsetting a decrease in the market value of securities held in the
Corporation.

In addition, pursuant to the Anti-Hedging Policy governing insider trading, short term speculative trading of
the Common Shares by officers, directors and employees is strongly discouraged as it conflicts with the best
interests of the Corporation and its Shareholders. Consequently, insiders including the Corporation’s NEOs,
directors and their related persons, are not only discouraged from frequently trading the Common Shares,
but are also specifically prohibited from short selling any Common Shares and from trading in any derivative
instruments involving the Corporation’s securities.

Clawback Policy
The Corporation has implemented a written clawback policy (the “Clawback Policy”) for situations where a
director, executive officer or other employee receives additional incentive compensation as a result of his or
her own misconduct (the “Overpayment Amounts”). In such situations, the director, executive officer or
other employee shall be obligated to reimburse the Corporation for such Overpayment Amounts and the
Board shall be given the discretion to determine the steps required to effect such recovery.




                                                                                                               31
                                                                                   NOTICE OF ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING OF SHAREHOLDERS
                                                                                                  AND MANAGEMENT INFORMATION CIRCULAR




Share Ownership Guidelines
The Board adopted share ownership guidelines (the “Ownership Guidelines”) effective May 30, 2018, to
further align the interests of the Corporation’s executive officers and non-executive directors of the
Corporation with the long-term interests of Shareholders. The Ownership Guidelines require that, within
three (3) years of joining the Corporation, each executive officer or non-executive director has a minimum
holding of Common Shares or Common Share equivalents, including PSUs and RSUs under the PRSU Plan and
deferred share units (“DSUs”), that have an aggregate value of at least:

      • three (3) times the annual base salary for the CEO;
      • two (2) times the annual base salary for each other officer of the Corporation; and
      • three (3) times the amount of the annual Board retainer for each non-executive director.
We have implemented share ownership guidelines for all of our executives, which are designed to align their
long-term financial interest with those of our stockholders. The NEO share ownership guidelines are as
follows:

Name and Position                          Common Shares         PSUs           Estimated Value         Guideline     Ownership relative to
                                                                                                                        base salary as of
                                                                                                                           12/31/25

                                                (#)               (#)                ($)
                                                                                           (1)               (2)
                                                                                                           ($)


Manuel Pablo Zúñiga-Pflücker                12,208,632         6,696,441          $5,312,324            $1,560,000         Exceeds
President, Chief Executive Officer and
Director

Camilo McAllister(3)                            -               539,374            $151,564              $700,000         In Progress
Executive Vice President & Chief
Financial Officer

Amaris Cardona(4)                               -                  -                   -                 $680,000         In Progress
Chief People & Culture Officer

Sudan Maccio(5)                                 -               205,049             $57,619              $680,000         In Progress
Former Chief Legal Counsel and Corporate
Secretary



Notes:
     (1) Value is calculated by multiplying the total number (1:1) of estimated Common Shares by the closing price for the Common
         Shares on the TSX on December 31, 2025 (the PSU last trading day in the Corporation’s most recently completed financial
         year), being CAD $0.385 or USD $0.281.
     (2) Represents estimated base salary times three (3) for the CEO and times two (2) for other NEOs.
     (3) Mr. McAllister was appointed Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer on April 24, 2024 and has until April 24,
         2027 to meet a share ownership requirement of two (2) times his annual base salary.
     (4) Ms. Cardona was appointed Chief People & Culture Officer on October 1, 2025 and has until October 1, 2028 to meet a
         share ownership requirement of two (2) times her annual base salary.
     (5) Mr. Maccio was appointed Chief Legal Counsel and Corporate Secretary on May 15, 2024 and had until May 15, 2027 to
         meet a share ownership requirement of two (2) times his annual base salary. Mr. Maccio departed as Chief Legal Counsel
         and Corporate Secretary effective January 30, 2026.




                                                                                                                                 32
                                                                       NOTICE OF ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING OF SHAREHOLDERS
                                                                                   AND MANAGEMENT INFORMATION CIRCULAR




Elements of Executive Compensation
The Corporation’s executive compensation program consists of three significant components: (a) base
compensation in the form of salary; (b) incentive bonuses in the form of cash payments; and (c) long-term
compensation in the form of PSUs and RSUs. For the NEOs, the PSU and RSU components are an essential
part of their compensation. No NEO or director of the Corporation is permitted to purchase financial
instruments, including, for greater certainty, prepaid variable forward contracts, equity swaps, collars or
units of exchange funds, that are designed to hedge or offset a decrease in market value of equity securities
granted as compensation, or held, directly or indirectly, by a NEO or director of the Corporation.

Base Compensation
The base salary amounts for each executive officer are targeted within a competitive range of the market
median of the Corporation's peer comparator group and are reviewed periodically. The positioning of an
executive’s salary within the range is based on the executive officer’s current and sustained performance,
skills or potential, and the scope of the executive's responsibilities as compared to market. Base salary is the
fixed portion of each executive officer’s total compensation. It is designed to provide income certainty and
compensate for the executive’s primary duties. The base salary for the President and CEO is approved by the
Board, upon the recommendation of the Corporate Governance and Compensation Committee. The base
salary level for all other Executives is recommended by the President and CEO for consideration and Board
approval by the Corporate Governance and Compensation Committee. Decisions for all positions are based
upon comprehensive analyses of market data for similar positions, including the peer comparator group and
the noted industry compensation survey.

Incentive Bonuses
Incentive bonuses, in the form of cash payments, are designed to add a variable component of compensation
based on corporate and individual performance for executive officers. The target annual incentive bonus for
senior Executives of the Corporation is 100% of base salary, with a range of 0% in certain circumstances, up
to 200% for significant outperformance relative to key performance indicators (“KPI”). The 100% target
payout is generally aligned with key corporate objectives, as approved by the Board and set forth in the
annual budget and public guidance, and is weighted 80% to achievement of KPI’s, with the 20% balance at
discretion of the Board of Directors. In 2025, PetroTal’s management team achieved a 31.4% payout on the
80% portion of the annual incentive plan that was linked to the KPI scorecard.

KPI                                         Target            Result              Weighting               Payout

      Oil Sales                           8.4 mmbbl         7.0 mmbbl                20%                    0%
      Net Operating Income                  45.2%             39.4%                  15%                    0%
      Non-Erosion Capex                  $67.8 million     $65.7 million              5%                   7.3%
      G&A Expense Reduction                  7.5%               0%                    5%                    0%
      Board-Approved 5-Year Plan         Binary (Y/N)           No                    5%                    0%
      Erosion Project Financing          $27.3 million      $65 million               5%                   15%
      Erosion Control Execution           $50 million      $20.8 million             10%                    0%
      Lost Time Injury Rate (LTIR)            0.9              0.99                  10%                   9.1%
      Budget & KPI Approval by YE25      Binary (Y/N)           No                    5%                    0%

KPI Subtotal                                                                         80%                  31.4%

Board Discretion                                                                     20%                    0%

Total                                                                                100%                 31.4%



                                                                                                                   33
                                                                     NOTICE OF ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING OF SHAREHOLDERS
                                                                                 AND MANAGEMENT INFORMATION CIRCULAR




PSUs and RSUs
To provide a long-term component to the executive compensation program, executive officers of the
Corporation are eligible to receive PSUs and RSUs. The maximization of Shareholder value is encouraged by
granting PSUs and RSUs since such grants provide an incentive to Eligible Persons (as defined below) to
further the development, growth and profitability of the Corporation. Consideration will be given to granting
PSUs and RSUs amongst the various organizational levels of management, including directors, officers and
certain consultants. The CEO makes recommendations to the Board for the CFO and other key employees.
These recommendations take into account factors, such as awards made in previous years, the number of
PSUs and RSUs outstanding per individual and the level of responsibility. The Board, as a whole, determines
the PSUs and RSUs to be issued to the CEO. See “Summary of Directors’ Compensation – PRSU Plan” below,
for more details.

KPI                                       Target            Result             Weighting             Payout

1-Yr TSR                              Second Quartile   Second Quartile           15%                  15%

3-Yr TSR                              Second Quartile   Second Quartile           35%                  35%


2P Reserves Replacement                   100%              96.9%                 20%                 13.8%

Crude Oil Marketing Initiatives          Ongoing           Ongoing                20%                   0%

Share Trading Volumes                      15%               40%                  10%                  20%


Total                                                                             100%                83.8%




Pension Plan Benefits
The Corporation does not have a pension plan or provide any benefits following or in connection with
retirement.




                                                                                                                34
                                                                                   NOTICE OF ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING OF SHAREHOLDERS
                                                                                                   AND MANAGEMENT INFORMATION CIRCULAR




Summary Compensation Table
The following table and notes thereto provide a summary of the compensation paid to the NEOs of
the Corporation for the three (3) most recently completed financial years:


                                                                                    Non-Equity
                                                                                  Incentive Plan
                                                                                  Compensation
                                                                                                    Long-Term
                                                       Share- Based Option-Based     Annual                        All Other         Total
        Name and Position             Year   Salary                                                  Incentive
                                                         Awards       Awards     Incentive Plans                 Compensation Compensation
                                                                                                       Plans
                                               ($)         ($)(1)        ($)(2)       ($)(3)           ($)(2)        ($)(4)             ($)

Manuel Pablo Zuniga - Pflucker        2025   520,000    1,065,000          -            -               -           17,500       1,602,500
President & Chief Executive Officer   2024   520,000    1,272,000          -         468,000            -           17,250       2,277,250
                                      2023   450,000    1,100,000          -         261,954            -           38,529       1,850,474

Camilo McAllister(5)                  2025   350,000     325,000           -         210,000                        17,500         902,500
Executive Vice President & Chief      2024   240,064     388,000           -         252,000            -           12,003         892,067
Financial Officer

Jose Contreras(6)                     2025   168,397        -              -            -               -          267,500         435,897
Former Chief Operating Officer        2024   370,000     399,000           -         266,400            -          17,250        1,052,650
                                      2023   240,000     392,000           -         159,763            -          13,388          805,151

Sudan Maccio(7)                       2025   340,000        -              -            -               -           9,917          349,117
Former Chief Legal Counsel and        2024   213,808     170,000           -         153,000            -           9,917          546,724
Corporate Secretary

Amaris Cardona(8)                     2025   87,500      43,750            -         43,750             -           3,651          178,651
Chief People & Culture Officer



Notes:
     (1) Represents PSUs granted under the PRSU Plan. Amounts reflect the grant date fair market value of PSUs granted in
         accordance with the PRSU Plan. Fair value of the PSUs is determined through a combination of Black-Scholes and
         probability weighted models. The following assumptions were used for the Black-Scholes valuation of the PSUs granted:
         an expected life of 1-3 years, a risk-free interest rate of 2.0% and expected annualized volatility of 50%. Each PSU
         entitles the holder thereof upon settlement to receive up to two (2) Common Shares subject to the achievement of
         performance conditions relating to total Shareholder return, net asset value and certain production, environmental,
         safety and operational milestones and in accordance with the PRSU Plan. The PSU grants vest on the third (3rd)
         anniversary of the date of the grant. For further information, see “Statement of Executive Compensation –PSUs and
         RSUs” and “Summary of Directors’ Compensation – PRSU Plan”.
     (2) PetroTal does not have any stock option plans, non-equity long-term incentive plans or pension plans.
     (3) Reflects discretionary cash bonuses paid to the NEOs based on certain key performance indicators set forth by the
         Board. Discretionary bonuses are disclosed for the year in respect of which they were earned although they are
         typically paid in the following year.
     (4) Reflects 401K pension matching contribution and other allowances.
     (5) Mr. McAllister was appointed as PetroTal’s Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer on April 24, 2024, and
         received prorated compensation based on a partial year.
     (6) Mr. Contreras was appointed as Senior Vice President, Operations on May 1, 2023, and received prorated compensation
         based on a partial year. On June 13, 2025, Mr. Contreras departed as Chief Operating Officer.
     (7) Mr. Maccio was appointed as PetroTal’s Chief Legal Counsel and Corporate Secretary on May 15, 2024, and received
         prorated compensation based on a partial year.
     (8) Ms. Cardona was appointed as PetroTal’s Chief People and Culture Officer on October 1, 2025 and received prorated
         compensation based on a partial year.




                                                                                                                                   35
                                                                                        NOTICE OF ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING OF SHAREHOLDERS
                                                                                                      AND MANAGEMENT INFORMATION CIRCULAR




Outstanding Share Based Awards
There were no option-based awards granted to NEOs for the year ended December 31, 2025, and no option-
based awards are outstanding as at December 31, 2025. The following table sets forth all share-based awards
outstanding at the end of the most recent fiscal year ended December 31, 2025, for NEOs.

                                                                                 Market or Payout Value of   Market or Payout Value of
                                                  Number of PSUs That Have Not
               Name and Position                                                   PSUs that have not        Vested PSUs not Paid Out or
                                                             Vested                             (1)
                                                                                         Vested                       Distributed
                                                              (#)                           ($)                            ($)


Manuel Pablo Zúñiga-Pflücker                              10,473,991                    3,927,747                          -
President, Chief Executive Officer and Director


Camilo McAllister                                           539,374                      202,265                           -
Executive Vice President & Chief Financial
Officer

Jose Contreras(2)                                          2,186,774                     820,040                           -
Former Chief Operating Officer


Sudan Maccio                                                210,067                      78,775                            -
Former Chief Legal Counsel and Corporate
Secretary

Amaris Cardona                                                 -                             -                             -
Chief People & Culture Officer

Notes:
     (1) The value of the unvested PSUs as of December 31, 2025, has been determined considering the expected multiplier and
         based on the closing price of the Common Shares on the TSX on December 31, 2025, being CAD $0.385 per Common
         Share or USD $0.281 per Common Share. Each PSU entitles the holder thereof upon settlement to receive up to two (2)
         Common Shares, based on the achievement of performance conditions relating to total Shareholder return, net asset
         value and certain production, environmental, safety and operational milestones and in accordance with the PRSU Plan.
         The PSU grants vest on the third anniversary of the date of the grant. For further information, see “Statement of Executive
         Compensation –PSUs and RSUs”.
     (2) Mr. Contreras departed as Chief Operating Officer effective June 13, 2025.




                                                                                                                                      36
                                                                                   NOTICE OF ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING OF SHAREHOLDERS
                                                                                               AND MANAGEMENT INFORMATION CIRCULAR




Incentive Plan Awards –Value Vested or Earned During the Year
The Corporation did not have any Option-based awards outstanding at any point during the year ended
December 31, 2025.

                      Name and Position                Share-based Awards Value Vested During the      Non-Equity Incentive Plan
                                                                         Year                         Compensation Value Earned
                                                                                                           During the Year
                                                                          ($)(1)                                ($)(2)


 Manuel Pablo Zúñiga-Pflücker                                          1,232,539                                  -
 President, Chief Executive Officer and Director


 Camilo McAllister                                                          -                                 210,000
 Executive Vice President & Chief Financial Officer


 Jose Contreras(3)                                                          -                                     -
 Former Chief Operating Officer


 Sudan Maccio                                                               -                                     -
 Former Chief Legal Counsel and Corporate Secretary


 Amaris Cardona                                                             -                                  43,750
 Chief People and Culture Officer




Notes:
     (1) Value is calculated by multiplying the total number of Common Shares issuable pursuant to vested PSUs by the closing price
         for the Common Shares on the TSX on December 31, 2025 (the last trading day in the Corporation’s most recently completed
         financial year), being CAD $0.385 or USD $0.281.
     (2) Represents 2025 year-end cash bonus, all of which was paid in 2026.
     (3) Mr. Contreras departed as Chief Operating Officer effective June 13, 2025.
     (4) Mr. Maccio departed as Chief Legal Counsel and Corporate Secretary on January 30, 2026.



PRSU Plan
On June 15, 2023, the Shareholders, by ordinary resolution, ratified and approved the adoption of the
Corporation’s PRSU Plan. Prior to the date of this Information Circular, the Board approved certain amendments
to the 2023 version of the PRSU Plan. The full text of the 2026 version of the PRSU Plan is attached as Schedule
“B” to this information circular of the Corporation dated May 12, 2026, which is available under the
Corporation’s SEDAR+ profile at www. sedarplus.ca, and a summary of the material provisions of the 2026
version of the PRSU Plan is set forth below.

General
The purpose of the PRSU Plan remains to provide directors, officers, employees and consultants of the
Corporation or any of its subsidiaries (“Eligible Person” and if an Eligible person has been granted PSUs or RSUs,
the "Participant") with the opportunity to acquire Share Units to allow them to participate in the long-term
success of the Corporation and to promote a greater alignment of their interests with the interests of the
Shareholders.

The PRSU Plan is administered by the Board, or, as permitted by applicable law, the Corporate Governance and
Compensation Committee of the Board.

Description of the PRSU Plan
Pursuant to the policies of the TSX, the Corporation is permitted to maintain a “rolling” plan, such as the PRSU
                                                                                                                               37
                                                                      NOTICE OF ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING OF SHAREHOLDERS
                                                                                  AND MANAGEMENT INFORMATION CIRCULAR



Plan, provided that the plan, as well as the granting of unallocated PSUs thereunder, are approved by the
Shareholders every three years thereafter. As of the date of this Information Circular, the Corporation has
14,563,862 PSUs and 623,003 RSUs allocated and outstanding under the PRSU Plan, representing 1.6% of the
issued and outstanding Common Shares, and 76,845,960 PSUs unallocated share awards (representing 8.35% of
the issued and outstanding Common Shares) that may be granted in the future under the PRSU Plan. The
unallocated portion represents the maximum future grants available under the PRSU Plan.

Share Units and Eligibility
PSUs may be awarded to persons who are Eligible Persons as the Board or the Corporate Governance and
Compensation Committee determines. Notwithstanding the foregoing, non-employee directors are not eligible
to be awarded PSUs. PSUs are a unit equivalent to the value of a Common Share, credited by means of a
bookkeeping entry on the books of the Corporation in accordance with the PRSU Plan, based on the achievement
of performance criteria set out in an applicable award notice.

RSUs may be awarded to Eligible Persons as the Board or the Corporate Governance and Compensation
Committee determines. RSUs are a unit equivalent to the value of a Common Share, credited by means of a
bookkeeping entry on the books of the Corporation in accordance with the PRSU Plan.

The number of Share Units (including fractional Share Units) to be credited as of the date on which Share Units
are awarded to an Eligible Person (the “Award Date”) shall be determined by the Corporate Governance and
Compensation Committee in its sole discretion. Upon receipt of acknowledgment in the manner specified under
the PRSU Plan, Share Units shall be credited to an account maintained for each Eligible Person on the books of
the Corporation, effective as of the Award Date for that grant.

Vesting
Each Share Unit will vest on such terms as shall be specified by the Board or the Corporate Governance and
Compensation Committee at the time of granting Share Units as reflected in any written or electronic
communication (including notice or other messages provided via an equity administration platform) evidencing
an award of Share Units, which shall include the terms applicable thereto (including but not limited to the any
vesting schedule that will apply to the award instead of the default vesting schedule described in the PRSU Plan),
as approved by the Board or the Corporate Governance and Compensation Committee (“Award Notice”). Unless
otherwise stipulated by the Board at the time of grant and subject to earlier vesting in accordance with the terms
of the PRSU Plan:

    (a) Share Units granted to a Participant who is a senior executive officer designated by the Board or
        Corporate Governance and Compensation Committee, shall vest on the third January 1st following the
        Award Date, provided that the Participant has continually remained an employee of the Corporation
        or provided services to the Corporation or an affiliate; and
    (b) Share Units granted to an Participant other than a senior executive officer designated by the Board or
        Corporate Governance and Compensation Committee, one-third (1/3) shall vest on the January 1st
        following the Award Date, and one-third (1/3) shall vest on each of the subsequent two January 1 dates
        thereafter, provided the Participant has remained an employee of the Corporation or provided services
        to the Corporation or an affiliate.

Performance Vesting
In connection with the grant of PSU, the Board or Corporate Governance and Compensation Committee may
establish a target value or number of PSUs established at or prior to the commencement of a performance period
and granted under an Award Notice (the “Target Award”) and the applicable Performance Measures (as defined
below) for any performance period. After the end of the applicable performance period, the Board or Corporate
Governance and Compensation Committee shall determine the extent to which the Target Award has been
earned based on the applicable Performance Measures and an Adjustment Factor (as defined below) in respect
of any PSU, the Board or the Corporate Governance and Compensation Committee shall assess the performance
                                                                                                                 38
                                                                      NOTICE OF ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING OF SHAREHOLDERS
                                                                                  AND MANAGEMENT INFORMATION CIRCULAR



of the Corporation for the applicable period. The performance measures to be taken into consideration in
determining earned PSUs and determining the adjustment factor in respect of any PSU shall be established by
the Board or the Corporate Governance and Compensation Committee, in its sole discretion, and may include:
(i) corporate-level performance (including key performance indicators or “KPIs”), including, without limitation,
the total Shareholder return of the Common Shares compared to an index, subindex or identified group of peers
and the Corporation’s performance compared to identified operational or financial targets or business unit
performance; and (ii) individual performance or evaluations. Corporate-level Performance Measures (including
KPIs) may be evaluated at the Company level, while individual Performance Measures may vary by Participant
(the “Performance Measures”). The Board or Committee may take into account the achievement of such
Performance Measures, in whole or in part, together with any other factors it considers relevant, in determining
the Adjustment Factor and/or the number or value of Performance Share Units earned. The applicable
adjustment factor may be between a minimum of zero and such maximum as determined by the Board or the
Corporate Governance and Compensation Committee (provided such maximum shall not exceed 2.0) (the
“Adjustment Factor”). Unless otherwise determined by the Board, the performance period is the calendar year.
Unless otherwise stipulated by the Board at the time of grant and subject to earlier vesting in accordance with
the terms of the PRSU Plan:

    (a) Share Units granted to a Participant who is a senior executive officer designated by the Board or
        Corporate Governance and Compensation Committee, shall vest in full on the third January 1st
        following the end of the performance period to which the Target Award relates, provided that the
        Participant has continually remained an employee of the Corporation or provided services to the
        Corporation or an affiliate; and
    (b) Share Units granted to a Participant other than a senior executive officer designated by the Board or
        Corporate Governance and Compensation Committee, one-third (1/3) shall vest on the first day of the
        month following the date on which the Board or Corporate Governance and Compensation Committee
        determines the earned PSUs, but in any event no later than July 30th following the end of the
        performance period and one-third (1/3) shall vest on each of the subsequent two January 1 dates
        thereafter, provided the Participant has remained an employee of the Corporation or provided services
        to the Corporation or an affiliate.

Credits for Dividends
If the Award Notice provides that Dividend Equivalents will be credited in respect to the relevant Share Units,
then on the payment date for such dividend, each Eligible Person’s notional account shall, unless otherwise
determined by the Board in respect of any grant of Share Units, be credited with additional Share Units
(“Dividend Equivalents”). Such Dividend Equivalents vest in proportion to and on the same vesting date as the
underlying PSUs or RSUs, as applicable.

Settlement
Unless otherwise determined by the Board in its sole discretion, the date of settlement of any Share Unit (a
“Distribution Date”) shall be the applicable vesting date for such Share Unit pursuant to the PRSU Plan, provided
that, for greater certainty, the Board may in its sole discretion impose additional or different conditions to the
termination of the Distribution Date of any Share Unit.

On the Distribution Date, the Board or the Corporate Governance and Compensation Committee, as applicable,
in its sole discretion, shall have the option of settling the Common Shares issuable in respect of Share Units by
any or all of the following methods: (a) settlement in Common Shares acquired by the Corporation on the TSX;
(b) the issuance of Common Shares from the treasury of the Corporation; or (c) payment by the Corporation of
a cash amount per Share Unit equal to the Settlement Market Value (as defined below) of the Payment Shares
(as defined below) on the Distribution Date, net of applicable withholding tax. The Settlement Market Value per
share is the VWAP of the Common Shares listed on the TSX, calculated by dividing the total value of the total
volume of Common Shares traded for the relevant period, for the five (5) trading days immediately preceding

                                                                                                                 39
                                                                      NOTICE OF ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING OF SHAREHOLDERS
                                                                                  AND MANAGEMENT INFORMATION CIRCULAR



the Distribution Date. With respect to any Share Units awarded to a participant who is a U.S. taxpayer, the
Distribution Date shall be determined in a manner that complied with or is exempt from Section 409A.

Subject to any election by the Board or the Corporate Governance and Compensation Committee, as applicable,
to settle a Share Unit in cash, as soon as practicable after each Distribution Date and in any event no later than
December 31 of the calendar year in which such Distribution Date occurs, the Corporation shall issue to the
Participant a number of Common Shares equal to the number of Share Units in the Participant’s account that
became payable on the Distribution Date (the “Payment Shares”). As of the Distribution Date, the Share Units in
respect of which such Common Shares are issued or cash is paid shall be cancelled and no further payments shall
be made to the Participant under the PRSU Plan in relation to such Share Units.

Total Shares Subject to Share Units
Unless otherwise approved by the TSX and the Shareholders:
    (i) the securities that may be issued to participants shall consist of those authorized but unissued
          Common Shares which the Board and/or the Corporate Governance and Compensation Committee
          has, in its discretion, reserved for issuance under the PRSU Plan from time to time;
    (ii) subject to certain adjustment provisions described in the PRSU Plan, the aggregate number of
          Common Shares that may be issuable pursuant to the PRSU Plan and all other security-based
          compensation arrangements, shall not exceed 10% of the issued and outstanding Common Shares
          from time to time, as determined by the Board;
    (iii) the Board shall not grant Share Units under the PRSU Plan if the number of Common Shares issuable
          pursuant to outstanding Share Units, when combined with the number of Common Shares
          issuable pursuant to outstanding securities under any other security-based compensation
          arrangements of the Corporation, would exceed 10% of the issued and outstanding Common Shares
          at the time of the grant;
    (iv) the number of securities issuable to insiders of the Corporation, at any time, under all security-
          based compensation arrangements including, without limitation, the PRSU Plan, shall not exceed
          10% of the issued and outstanding securities of the Corporation at the time of grant calculated
          on a non-diluted basis;
    (v) the number of securities issued to insiders of the Corporation, within any one (1) year period, under
          all security-based compensation arrangements including, without limitation, the PRSU Plan, shall not
          exceed 10% of the issued and outstanding securities of the Corporation at the time of grant
          calculated on a non- diluted basis;
    (vi) the aggregate: (i) number of Common Shares that may be reserved for issuance pursuant to the
         exercise of RSUs granted to non-employee directors pursuant to the PRSU Plan shall not exceed 1.0%
         of the Common Shares outstanding from time to time; and (ii) value of RSUs granted to any one non-
         employee director in any calendar year under the PRSU Plan and under any other security-based
         compensation arrangements shall not exceed $150,000;
    (vii) to the extent Share Units are exercised or to the extent any Share Units are terminated for any reason
          or are cancelled, the Common Shares subject to such Share Units shall be added back to the number
          of Common Shares reserved for issuance under the PRSU Plan and such Common Shares will again
          become available for Share Unit grants under the PRSU Plan; and
    (viii) if the acquisition of Common Shares by the Corporation for cancellation should result in any of the
           above tests no longer being met, this shall not constitute non-compliance with the PRSU Plan for
           any awards outstanding prior to such purchase of Common Shares for cancellation.

For purposes of the calculations above, the PRSU Plan provides that it shall be assumed that all issued and
outstanding Share Units will be settled by the issuance of Common Shares from treasury, notwithstanding the
Corporation’s right to settle Share Units in cash or by purchasing Common Shares on the open market.
                                                                                                                 40
                                                                            NOTICE OF ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING OF SHAREHOLDERS
                                                                                          AND MANAGEMENT INFORMATION CIRCULAR



Duration of Share Units
Each Share Unit and all rights thereunder shall be expressed to expire on the date set out in the Award Notice
and shall be subject to earlier termination by a “separation from service” within the meaning of Section 409A of
the Code and the Treasury Regulations thereunder.

Subject to the rules and regulations of the TSX, and notwithstanding any other provisions of the PRSU Plan, if
the Distribution Date of any Share Unit occurs during or within 10 business days following the end of a Black-
Out Period (as defined below), the settlement of such Share Unit shall be extended for a period of 10 business
days following the end of the Black-Out Period (or such longer period as permitted by the Exchange or any other
exchange on which the Common Shares are listed and approved by the Board). Notwithstanding the foregoing,
to the extent applicable, the settlement of such Share Units shall be determined in a manner that complies with
or is exempt from Section 409A. “Black-Out Period” for the purposes of the PRSU Plan means the period of time
when, pursuant to any policies of the Corporation, any securities of the Corporation may not be traded by certain
persons as designated by the Corporation, including any holder of a Share Unit.

Amendments Subject to Shareholder Approval
The Board has the absolute discretion to amend or terminate the PRSU Plan and any outstanding Share Units.
Any amendments to the PRSU Plan and Share Units thereunder are subject to TSX approval. The only
amendments to the PRSU Plan that would be subject to Shareholder approval are amendments that would:

     (i)    increase the number of securities issuable under the PRSU Plan otherwise than in accordance with the
            terms of the PRSU Plan;
     (ii) increase the number of securities issuable to an insider of the Corporation, as such term is defined in
            the policies of the TSX, otherwise than in accordance with the terms of the PRSU Plan;
     (iii) extend the Distribution Date of any Share Units held by insiders of the Corporation, as such term is
            defined in the policies of the TSX, beyond the original Final Date of the Share Units;
     (iv) reduce the award market value of any Share Units held by insiders of the Corporation, as such term
            is defined in the policies of the TSX, otherwise than in accordance with the terms of the PRSU Plan;
     (v) add any form of financial assistance to a participant in the PRSU Plan;
     (vi) permit a participant to transfer any Share Units to a new beneficial holder other than for estate
            settlement purposes;
     (vii) increase the maximum number of RSUs that may be granted to non-employee directors; and
     (viii) amend the amendment provisions of the PRSU Plan; and
     (ix) The original PRSU Plan, prior to the amendments adopted by the Board in conjunction with the
            Corporation’s graduation to the TSX, relied on applicable securities legislation for the definition of
            “insider”. In accordance with the policies of the TSX, the amendments to the PRSU Plan update this
            definition to mean an insider as such term is defined in the policies of the TSX.

Burn Rate
The Corporation’s burn rate, calculated in accordance with Section 613(p) of the TSX Company Manual, under
the PRSU Plan, was 0.9% in fiscal 2023, 1.1% in fiscal 2024 and 1.4% in fiscal 20251. Management expects that
the burn rate in fiscal 2026 will be approximately 1%. The burn rate is subject to change from time to time, based
on the number of Share Units granted and the weighted average of Common Shares issued and outstanding. The
burn rate for a given period is calculated by dividing the number of Share Units granted under the PRSU Plan
during the applicable fiscal year by the weighted average of Common Shares outstanding during such period.




1 2023: 7.7 million Share Units granted divided by 900.1 million W/A shares outstanding

2024: 9.91 million Share Units granted divided by 914.5 million W/A shares outstanding
2025: 12.5 million Share Units granted divided by 914.6 million W/A shares outstanding
                                                                                                                        41
                                                                     NOTICE OF ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING OF SHAREHOLDERS
                                                                                 AND MANAGEMENT INFORMATION CIRCULAR



Employment, Consulting and Management Agreements
On December 18, 2018, the Corporation entered into an executive employment agreement with Mr. Zúñiga-
Pflücker (the “CEO Employment Agreement”) in connection with his role as President and Chief Executive Officer.
The CEO Employment Agreement provides a termination payment to Mr. Zúñiga-Pflücker upon a termination of
the CEO Employment Agreement by the executive, for good reason, by the Corporation without cause, or upon
a change of control of the Corporation. The termination payment shall be equal to: (a) two times the annual
base salary; (b) plus an amount equal to 20% of two times the base salary for the loss of benefits (in the event
of termination by the executive); (c) plus two times the average annual bonus paid, pursuant to the CEO
Employment Agreement, if any, less applicable withholdings, based on the bonus paid for the year prior or the
average of the bonus paid over the last two consecutive years of employment, whichever is greater.

Mr. McAllister’s Employment Agreement provides a termination payment for good reason (as such term is
defined in the Employment Agreement), by the Corporation without cause, or upon a change of control of the
Corporation. The termination payment shall be equal to: (a) one and a half times the annual base salary; (b) plus
an amount equal to 20% of two times the base salary for the loss of benefits (in the event of termination by the
executive); (c) plus one and one-half times the average annual bonus paid pursuant to the Employment
Agreement, if any, less applicable withholdings, based on the bonus paid for the year prior or the average of the
bonus paid over the last two consecutive years of employment, whichever is greater.

Ms. Cardona’s Employment Agreement provides a termination payment for good reason (as such term is defined
in the Employment Agreement), by the Corporation without cause, or upon a change of control of the
Corporation. The termination payment shall be equal to: (a) one times the annual base salary; (b) plus one time
the average annual bonus paid pursuant to the Employment Agreement, if any, less applicable withholdings,
based on the bonus paid for the year prior or the average of the bonus paid over the last two consecutive years
of employment, whichever is greater;

Mr. Maccio’s Employment Agreement provides a termination payment for good reason (as such term is defined
in the Employment Agreement), by the Corporation without cause, or upon a change of control of the
Corporation. The termination payment shall be equal to: (a) one annual base salary; (b) plus one time the average
annual bonus paid pursuant to the Employment Agreement, if any, less applicable withholdings, based on the
bonus paid for the year prior or the average of the bonus paid over the last two consecutive years of
employment, whichever is greater. Mr. Maccio departed the Company on January 30, 2026.

The estimated payments which would be payable by the Corporation to Messrs. Zúñiga-Pflücker, McAllister, and
Ms. Cardona, assuming a termination of employment without cause occurred on the last business day of the
year ended December 31, 2025, would be, in the aggregate, $3,406,500.




                                                                                                                42
                                                                                    NOTICE OF ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING OF SHAREHOLDERS
                                                                                                 AND MANAGEMENT INFORMATION CIRCULAR



Equity Compensation Plan Information

The following table sets forth information with respect to compensation plans under which equity securities are
authorized for issuance as at December 31, 2025, aggregated for all compensation plans previously approved by
the Shareholders and all compensation plans not previously approved by the Shareholders:

            Plan Category              Number of Securities to be Issued Weighted Average Exercise Price of Number of Securities Remaining
                                        Upon Exercise of Outstanding     Outstanding Options, Share Units, Available for Future Issuance Under
                                       Options, Share Units, Warrants or        Warrant and Rights             Equity Compensation Plans
                                                    Rights                                                  (Excluding Securities Reflected in
                                                                                                                        Column a)
                                                     (a)                                (b)

Equity Compensation Plans Approved                    -                                  -                                  -
by Securityholders

PRSU Plan                                        15,907,900                              -                             75,389,170

Equity Compensation Plans Not                         -                                  -                                  -
Approved by Securityholders

Total                                            15,907,900                              -                             75,389,170



Notes:
     (1) As of May 12, 2026, there were 14,563,862 PSUs and 623,003 RSUs issued and outstanding. See “Summary of Directors’
         Compensation – PRSU Plan”.
     (2) The PRSU Plan is a “rolling” equity-based compensation arrangement, such that the aggregate number of Common Shares
         that may be issuable pursuant to the PRSU Plan and all other securities-based compensation arrangements shall not exceed
         10% of the issued and outstanding Common Shares from time to time.



Indebtedness of Officers and Directors
No current or former director or executive officer of the Corporation, nor any of their associates or affiliates,
nor any employee of the Corporation is or has been indebted to the Corporation or any of its subsidiaries since
the beginning of the most recently completed fiscal year of the Corporation, nor is, or at any time since the
beginning of the most recently completed fiscal year of the Corporation has, any indebtedness of any such
person been the subject of a guarantee, support agreement, letter of credit or other similar arrangement or
understanding provided by the Corporation or any of its subsidiaries.

Interest of Informed Persons in Material Transactions

There are no material interests, direct or indirect, of directors, executive officers of the Corporation or any
person or company that beneficially owns, or controls or directs, directly or indirectly, more than 10% of the
outstanding Common Shares or any known associate or affiliate of such persons, in any transaction since the
commencement of the Corporation’s most recently completed financial year.

Interest of Certain Persons And Companies In Matters To Be Acted Upon
Other than as disclosed in this Information Circular, management of the Corporation is not aware of any material
interest, direct or indirect, of any director or nominee for director or executive officer or anyone who has held
office as such since the beginning of the Corporation’s last financial year or of any associate or affiliate of any of
the foregoing in any matter to be acted on at the Meeting.



                                                                                                                                    43
                                                                      NOTICE OF ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING OF SHAREHOLDERS
                                                                                  AND MANAGEMENT INFORMATION CIRCULAR




CORPORATE GOVERNANCE PRACTICES
In accordance with National Instrument 58-101 – Disclosure of Corporate Governance Practices and National
Policy 58-201 – Corporate Governance Guidelines (“NP 58 201”), issuers are to disclose the corporate
governance practices that they have adopted. NP 58-201 provides guidance on corporate governance practices.
The Corporation is also subject to NI 52-110, which has been adopted in each of the Canadian provinces and
territories and which prescribes certain requirements in relation to audit committees.

Board Mandate
The Corporation focuses on implementing a culture of risk identification and treatment at the transactional level,
which forms part of the basis for decision-making in all areas.

The Board is responsible for the stewardship and oversight of the business and affairs of the Corporation. The
responsibilities and obligations of the Board are set forth in a written mandate of the Board, a copy of which is
attached as Schedule “A” to this Information Circular. The Board is responsible for the governance of the
Corporation. The Board and the Corporation’s management consider good corporate governance to be central
to the effective and efficient operation of the Corporation. Below is a discussion of the Corporation’s approach
to corporate governance.

The Board meets regularly to consider and approve the strategic objectives of the Corporation and the
management plans designed to accomplish those objectives. When appropriate, key management personnel
and professional advisors are invited to attend Board meetings to speak on these issues. The Board also meets
as necessary to consider specific developments and opportunities as they arise, including asset acquisitions and
dispositions, and financing proposals. The Board approves, among other things, all issuances of securities of the
Corporation, the appointment of officers, entering into lines of credit or other significant borrowing activities,
and all significant transactions. The Board considers, but has no formal policies, concerning management
development and succession.

Corporate Governance and Compensation Committee
The Board has established a Corporate Governance and Compensation Committee. The members of the
Corporate Governance Committee are Messrs. McComiskey, Wilson and Harris, all of whom are independent
within the meaning of NI 58 101. Mr. McComiskey is the Chair of the Corporate Governance and Compensation
Committee.

The Board has adopted a written charter that sets forth the responsibilities, powers and operations of the
Corporate Governance and Compensation Committee, which include: (a) reviewing and determining the
compensation policies of the Corporation with respect to directors, officers, employees and consultants of the
Corporation; (b) proposing new nominees to the Board and for assessing directors on an ongoing basis; and (c)
responding to and implementing the guidelines set forth from time to time, by any applicable regulatory
authorities.

The Corporate Governance and Compensation Committee has the power to retain outside advisors as it
considers necessary for the proper functioning of the committee, at the Corporation’s expense. The Corporate
Governance and Compensation Committee meets at least once annually and otherwise as requested by the
Board or considered desirable by the Chair of the Corporate Governance and Compensation Committee. For a
more detailed discussion about the committee’s responsibilities and procedures with respect to the nomination
of new directors please see “Nomination of Directors” below.

Independence of Members of the Board
The Board exercises its independent supervision over the Corporation’s management through a combination of
formal meetings of the Board as well as informal discussions amongst the Board members. The independent
directors can also hold scheduled meetings at which non-independent directors and members of management
are not in attendance. Where matters arise at Board meetings which require decision making and evaluation
                                                                                                                 44
                                                                      NOTICE OF ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING OF SHAREHOLDERS
                                                                                  AND MANAGEMENT INFORMATION CIRCULAR



that is independent of management and interested directors, the meeting breaks into an in-camera session
among the independent and disinterested directors.

The Board currently consists of eight (8) directors, seven (7) of whom are independent based upon the tests for
independence set forth in NI 52-110. Messrs. McComiskey, Wilson, Harris, Arbelaez Hoyos and Messes. Barker,
Abudinen and Morris are independent and collectively constitute 87.5% of the Board. Mr. Zúñiga-Pflücker is not
independent by virtue of serving as President and Chief Executive Officer of the Corporation.

Chair of the Board
The Chair of the Board is appointed by resolution of the Board. The Chair of the Board is Mr. McComiskey who
is an independent director of PetroTal.

Among other things, responsibilities of the Chair of the Board include: chairing every Board and Shareholder
meeting, encouraging free and open discussion at meetings of the Board, adopting procedures to enable the
Board to conduct its work effectively and efficiently (including committee structures and composition,
scheduling, and management of meetings), ensuring the boundaries between the Board and management
responsibilities are respected, providing leadership to enhance Board effectiveness, developing the agenda for
Board meetings, acting as liaison between the Board and management, providing the proper flow of information
to the Board, providing the proper flow of information to the Board, providing feedback to the Chief Executive
Officer and communicating and promoting effective relations with Shareholders and regulators.

As an independent director, Mr. McComiskey assists the Board in fulfilling its duties effectively, efficiently, and
independent of management. The Chair’s role also ensures that the directors have an independent leadership
contact.

Stakeholder Engagement

PetroTal’s Board of Directors is committed to engaging with all stakeholders, including Shareholders. Through
active regular dialogue with its Shareholders, PetroTal believes that direct interaction allows for strong
alignment of the interests of Shareholders with the interests of the Board and management team. The Company
conducts regular engagement with investors through non-deal roadshows, face-to-face meetings and broker-
sponsored conferences. Additionally, our executive leadership team hosts conference calls to discuss our
quarterly financial and operating results. Conferences calls are available to research analysts, Shareholders and
the public. The Company's annual Shareholders meeting is also typically a forum where multiple stakeholders
have an opportunity to directly engage with the Board and management. The Board of Directors can be directly
contacted via email at boardofdirectors@petrotal-corp.com.




                                                                                                                 45
                                                                     NOTICE OF ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING OF SHAREHOLDERS
                                                                                 AND MANAGEMENT INFORMATION CIRCULAR



Directorships in Other Reporting Issuers
A board “interlock” occurs when two or more PetroTal directors are on the board of another company. PetroTal
does not restrict board interlocks but recognizes that it is important for directors to remain impartial and
independent even if they have a common board membership. As of the date of this Information Circular, there
are no board interlocks among Board members.

Some of PetroTal’s directors sit on boards of other public companies. None of PetroTal’s directors are “over-
boarded” as currently defined by the guidelines established by either Institutional Shareholder Services, Inc. or
Glass, Lewis & Co. The following table sets out the directors of the Corporation that are presently a director of
any other reporting issuers or other publicly listed companies.


 Name                         Name of Reporting Issuer                     Exchange


 Gavin Wilson                 TAG Oil Ltd.                                 TSXV: TAO

                              Afentra plc                                  LSE: AET

 Jon Harris                   Gulf Keystone Petroleum Ltd.                 LSE: GKP



Management has implemented procedures to provide reasonable assurance of effective communication with
the Corporation’s Shareholders and the public. The Corporation’s management is responsible for the issuance of
press releases and communications with the financial community. The Board reviews and approves all principal
continuous disclosure documents, the release of interim and annual financial statements, annual information
forms, prospectuses and information circulars.
The Corporate Governance and Compensation Committee is responsible for monitoring the governance systems
of the Corporation with a view to ongoing improvements, reviewing the composition of the Board and
developing criteria for new Board appointments. The Corporate Governance and Compensation Committee also
acts as a nominating committee for new directors, oversees and approves the Corporation’s compensation plans
and evaluates the overall Board effectiveness.




                                                                                                                46
                                                                                     NOTICE OF ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING OF SHAREHOLDERS
                                                                                                   AND MANAGEMENT INFORMATION CIRCULAR



Board and Committee Meeting Attendance
The table below shows the record of attendance by directors at meetings of the Board and its committees during
the 12-month period ended December 31, 2025.



                                                                             Corporate
                                                             Audit        Governance and       Reserves          HSES           Technical
   Name of Director                          Board
                                                           Committee       Compensation       Committee        Committee       Committee
                                                                            Committee


Manuel Pablo Zúñiga-Pflücker(1)              20/20             –                –               1/1               –                –
Mark McComiskey                              20/20            8/8              7/7                 –              –               6/9
Gavin Wilson                                 18/20             –               7/7              1/1              5/5
Eleanor J. Barker                            20/20            8/8               –                  –              –               9/9
Jon Harris                                   18/20             –               7/7              1/1               –               9/9
Felipe Arbelaez Hoyos                        20/20            8/8               –                  –             5/5               –
Emily Morris                                 18/20             –                –               1/1               –               9/9
Denisse Abudinen(2)                          17/18             –                –                  –             2/2              5/5


Notes:
          (1) Mr. Zuniga attended all committee meetings upon invitation.
          (2) Ms. Abudinen was appointed as director of PetroTal effective as of April 25, 2025.

Position Descriptions
The Board has developed a written position description for the Chair of the Board and the Chief Executive Officer
of the Corporation but has not developed a written position description for the Chair of the Audit Committee.

The Chair of each committee of the Board schedules meetings of the committee and organizes and presents
agendas for such meetings.

The Board, in conjunction with management, sets the Corporation’s annual objectives which become the
objectives against which the Chief Executive Officer’s performance is measured. The Board has plenary power;
any responsibility which is not delegated to management or a Board committee remains with the Board.

Orientation and Continuing Education
While the Corporation does not have a formal orientation and training program, new members of the Board are
provided with:

             1. a copy of the policies and mandates of the Board and its committees and copies of the Corporation’s
                corporate governance policies, which provides information respecting the functioning of the Board;

             2. access to recent, publicly filed documents of the Corporation;

             3. access to management; and

             4. access to legal counsel in the event of any questions relating to the Corporation’s compliance and
                other obligations, and the Corporation’s Nominated Adviser for training in respect of the AIM Rules
                for Companies.

Members of the Board are encouraged to communicate with management, legal counsel, the Nominated Adviser
and, where applicable, auditors and technical consultants of the Corporation; to keep themselves current with
industry trends and developments and changes in legislation with management’s assistance; and to attend
related industry seminars and visit the Corporation’s operations. Board members have full access to the
                                                                                                                                 47
                                                                       NOTICE OF ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING OF SHAREHOLDERS
                                                                                   AND MANAGEMENT INFORMATION CIRCULAR



Corporation’s records.

In 2025, PetroTal’s Board of Directors completed the following continuing education sessions in conjunction with
regularly scheduled Board meetings: 1) Artificial Intelligence – Your AI Journey (Lotus AI / August 2025), 2) AIM
Disclosure Review (Strand Hanson / November 2025), 3) Site Visit to Bretana Field (PetroTal / November 2025).

Ethical Business Conduct
In establishing its corporate governance practices, the Board has been guided by applicable Canadian securities
legislation and the guidelines of the TSX for effective corporate governance, including NP 58 201. The Board is
committed to a high standard of corporate governance practices. The Board believes that this commitment is
not only in the best interests of its Shareholders, but that it also promotes effective decision making at the Board
level.

Additionally, in order to encourage and promote a culture of ethical business conduct, the Board has adopted
a Code of Business Conduct and Ethics (the “Code”) wherein directors, officers and employees of the
Corporation and others are provided with a mechanism by which they can raise complaints regarding financial
and regulatory reporting, internal accounting controls, auditing or health, safety and environmental matters or
any other matters and raise concerns about any violations of the Code in a confidential and, if deemed necessary,
anonymous process. Interested Shareholders may obtain a copy of the Code upon request (free of charge) by
contacting the Corporation’s legal counsel at Suite 4200, 888 – 3rd Street S.W., Calgary, Alberta T2P 5C5 or by
accessing the Corporation’s SEDAR+ profile at www.sedarplus.ca.

The Board has instructed its management and employees to abide by the Code and to bring any breaches of the
Code to the attention of the Chief Financial Officer. Compliance with the Code is monitored primarily through
the reporting process within the Corporation’s organizational structure.

It is a requirement of applicable corporate law that directors who have an interest in a transaction or agreement
with the Corporation promptly disclose that interest at any meeting of the Board at which the transaction or
agreement will be discussed and abstain from discussions and voting in respect to same if the interest is material.
The Code imposes a similar disclosure requirement on all non-director representatives of the Corporation and
requires such persons to report such conflict to the executive officer to whom that person reports in the course
of his employment responsibilities, or, in the case of a senior executive officer, to the Audit Committee and fully
inform such person or the committee, as applicable, of the facts and circumstances related to the conflict or
potential conflict. The representative is prohibited from taking any further action in respect of the matter or
transaction giving rise to such conflict or potential conflict unless and until he is authorized to do so by his
reporting officer or the Audit Committee.

Whistleblower policy
The Corporation has adopted the Whistleblower Policy. The Whistleblower Policy establishes procedures that
give employees or consultants of the Corporation the option to confidentially and anonymously submit any
concerns regarding activity that may be considered ethically, morally or legally questionable to the chair of the
Audit Committee without fear of retaliation. The Corporation’s whistleblower policy is available on our website
(www. petrotalcorp.com).

Nomination of Directors
The Corporate Governance and Compensation Committee has responsibility for identifying potential Board
candidates. The Corporate Governance Committee assesses potential Board candidates to fill perceived
needs on the Board for required skills, expertise, independence and other factors. Members of the Board and
representatives of the oil and gas industry are consulted for possible candidates. The Board has adopted a
written charter setting forth the responsibilities, powers and operations of the Corporate Governance and
Compensation Committee, which include considering and recommending candidates to fill new positions on the
Board, reviewing candidates recommended by Shareholders, conducting inquiries into the backgrounds and
qualifications of candidates, recommending the director nominees for approval by the Board and the

                                                                                                                  48
                                                                     NOTICE OF ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING OF SHAREHOLDERS
                                                                                 AND MANAGEMENT INFORMATION CIRCULAR



Shareholders, considering conflicts of interests, recommending members and chairs of the committees,
reviewing the performance of directors and the Board, establishing director retirement policies and establishing
and implementing an orientation and education program for new members of the Board.

Audit Committee
The Audit Committee is appointed annually by the Board and is comprised of three (3) members. Ms. Barker and
Messrs. McComiskey and Arbelaez Hoyos. Ms. Barker is the Chair of the Audit Committee.

The duties of the Audit Committee include: (i) reviewing, prior to release, the annual and quarterly financial
statements and other financial information provided by the Corporation to regulatory authorities and the
Shareholders; (ii) reviewing the effectiveness of the Corporation’s internal audit function and controls; (iii)
reviewing the performance of the Corporation’s external auditors annually; (iv) providing an avenue for internal
reporting of financial wrong doing; and (v) providing an open avenue of communication among the Corporation’s
auditors, senior management and the Board.

Additional details with respect to the Audit Committee can be found below under the heading “Audit
Committee”.

Reserves Committee
The members of the Reserves Committee are Messrs. Harris, Wilson and Zúñiga-Pflücker, and Ms. Morris. Mr.
Harris is the Chair of the Reserves Committee. The Reserves Committee’s responsibilities include but are not
limited to meeting with the independent engineering firm commissioned to do the reserves evaluation on the
Corporation’s assets and discussing the conclusions of such report.

The Reserves Committee has the power to retain outside advisors as it considers necessary for the proper
functioning of the committee, at the Corporation’s expense. The Reserves Committee meets at least once
annually and otherwise as requested by the Board or considered desirable by the Chair of the Reserves
Committee.

Health, Safety, Environment and Corporate Social Responsibility Committee
The members of the HSES Committee are Messrs. Wilson and Arbelaez Hoyos and Ms. Abudinen. Mr. Arbelaez
Hoyos is the Chair of the HSES Committee. The HSES Committee’s responsibilities include, but are not limited to:
(a) reviewing health and safety policies and procedures, monitoring compliance with such policies, maintaining
management systems to implement such policies, and reporting on its findings to the Board; (b) reviewing
environmental activities in terms of environmental policies of the Corporation and reporting on its findings to
the Board; and (c) reviewing social aspects of the Corporation’s operations in terms of social responsibility
policies of the Corporation and reporting on its findings to the Board.

The HSES Committee has the power to retain outside advisors as it considers necessary for the proper
functioning of the committee, at the Corporation’s expense. The HSES Committee meets at least once annually
and otherwise as requested by the Board or considered desirable by the Chair of the HSES Committee.


Technical Committee

The members of the Technical Committee are Messrs. McComiskey and Harris and Messes. Barker, Morris and
Abudinen. The Committee has a broad advisory remit to support the Bretana field development planning and
project execution activities, along with other technical assessments of business development opportunities,
exploration and Appraisal activities with the specific objectives to:

         •   provide assurance that development plans are in line with the Company’s strategy and have been
             optimised in the context of the current and forecast funding position and Government and other
             Stakeholder input and agreement;

                                                                                                                49
                                                                      NOTICE OF ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING OF SHAREHOLDERS
                                                                                  AND MANAGEMENT INFORMATION CIRCULAR



         •    ensure that the Company the appropriate resources and project management systems in place to
              successfully execute the development projects on time and within budget;

         •    provide the Board with assurance that the key project execution risks have been identified and
              that the required risk management processes and mitigation measures are in place;

         •    Technical review of business development opportunities, exploration and appraisal opportunities.

         •    provide technical oversight, where appropriate, for any material contract tendering exercises;

         •    review and recommend for Executive approval any information relating to the technical elements
              above for public release.

The Committee will meet on a scheduled basis (usually four meetings per year ahead of the scheduled board
meetings), with further ad hoc meetings scheduled as necessary at the key decision points within the
development schedule. Subject to obtaining the prior written consent of an executive director of the Company,
the Committee is authorized by the Board to obtain expert advice from the Company's auditors or professional
advisers. The Committee is further authorized to take independent professional advice at the Company’s
expense, provided that any fees or expenses incurred are reasonable and properly incurred, and to require the
attendance of outsiders with relevant experience and expertise if acting reasonably it considers it necessary.

Assessments
The Board is responsible for assessing, on an ongoing basis, the overall performance and effectiveness of the
Board, its committees and the contributions of individual directors. The objective of this review is to contribute
to a process of continuous improvement in the Board’s execution of its responsibilities. The review helps identify
any areas where the directors of the Corporation or management believe that the Board could make a better
collective contribution to overseeing the affairs of the Corporation. The Board is also responsible for regularly
assessing the effectiveness and contribution of each director, having regard to the competencies and skills each
director is expected to bring to the Board. The Board relies on evaluations of director effectiveness through both
formal and informal communications with Board members and through participation with other Board members
on committees and matters relating to the Board. Each year, the Corporate Governance and Compensation
Committee assesses the contributions of individual directors in reviewing the performance of directors and the
Board with a view to ongoing improvements, reviewing the composition of the Board and developing criteria for
new Board appointments.
PetroTal’s Board of Directors completed its most recent assessment in September 2025. The assessment was
conducted via anonymous, online survey, with key objectives including 1) assessment of overall Board and
committee effectiveness, 2) consistency of Board mandates with existing committee charters and work plans, 3)
consider amendments to Board and committee procedures as needed, and 4) consider emerging governance
trends and other issues relevant to the Company. The results of the survey were provided to the Chair of the
Corporate Governance and Compensation Committee and were later shared in a presentation to the rest of the
Board.

Succession Planning
The Board of Directors recognizes succession planning as an important part of its oversight responsibilities and
the long-term sustainability of PetroTal. The Board, together with the Corporate Governance and Compensation
Committee, maintains an ongoing process to support the orderly succession of the President and Chief Executive
Officer (“CEO”) and other members of senior management.
The Corporate Governance and Compensation Committee reviews succession considerations for senior officers
periodically as part of its mandate. These discussions are held in conjunction with the CEO and include updates
on leadership performance, organizational needs, and the development of internal talent. The Board places
particular focus on CEO succession, including both short-term contingency planning and longer-term leadership
development.

                                                                                                                 50
                                                                     NOTICE OF ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING OF SHAREHOLDERS
                                                                                 AND MANAGEMENT INFORMATION CIRCULAR



Succession planning is also discussed at Board and committee meetings, including in camera sessions, where
directors consider management development and alignment with the Company’s strategic objectives. The Board
participates in the annual evaluation of the CEO and provides input on the broader executive team.
PetroTal supports the development of its leadership pipeline through ongoing performance management,
development planning, and exposure of senior management to the Board, including participation in Board and
strategic planning sessions.

Director Term Limits and Other Mechanisms of Board Renewal
PetroTal does not have a term limit or retirement policy for directors or other mechanisms of board renewal
because:
        •   the imposition of director term limits on a Board implicitly discounts the value of experience and
            continuity amongst Board members and runs the risk of excluding experienced and potentially
            valuable Board members as a result of an arbitrary determination;

        •   the Corporation has found that having long-standing directors on its Board does not negatively
            impact board effectiveness, and instead contributes to boardroom dynamics such that the
            Corporation has for many years had a consistently high performing Board;

        •   it is important to ensure that directors with significant and unique business experience in the
            Corporation’s industry by retained;

        •   the impositions of rigid, prescribed term limits on the tenure of directors implies that boards cannot
            properly govern themselves, by usurping core functions of the Board and replacing them with fixed
            criteria that may not adequately represent the interests of Shareholders;

        •   it is important to retain directors who hold significant investments in the Corporation, such that
            their interests are aligned with the interests of the Corporation’s Shareholders;

        •   directors with the level of understanding of the issuer’s business, history and culture acquired
            through long service on the Board provide additional value;

        •   term limits run the risk of acting as a substitute for proper Board self-assessment and renewal;

        •   the Corporation takes the view that term limits are an arbitrary mechanism for removing directors
            which can result in valuable, experienced directors being forced to leave the Board solely because
            of length of service. It is in the best interest of the Corporation not to have a mandatory retirement
            requirement for directors;

        •   it is the Corporation’s view that the Board should reflect a balance between the experience and
            learning that comes with longevity of service on the Board and the need for renewal and fresh
            perspectives;

        •   while term limits can help ensure the Board gains fresh perspective, imposing this restriction means
            the Board would lose the contributions of longer serving directors who have developed a deeper
            knowledge and understanding of the Corporation over time. The Board does not believe that long
            tenure impairs a director’s ability to act independently of management; and

        •   the Board believes that term limits have the disadvantage of losing the contribution of directors
            who have been able to develop, over a period of time, increasing insight into the Corporation and
            its operations and thereby provide an increasing contribution to the Board as a whole.

Instead, the Corporation believes that directors should be assessed based on their ability to continue to make
a meaningful contribution. The Board’s priorities continue to be ensuring the appropriate skill sets are present

                                                                                                                51
                                                                        NOTICE OF ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING OF SHAREHOLDERS
                                                                                    AND MANAGEMENT INFORMATION CIRCULAR



amongst the Board to optimize the benefit to the Corporation. The Corporation believes that annual elections
by the Shareholders are a more meaningful way to evaluate the performance of directors and to make
determinations about whether a director should be removed due to under-performance. As of May 2026, the
average tenure of the eight director nominees is approximately 5.9 years.

Board and executive team diversity

PetroTal is committed to maintaining a qualified and knowledgeable Board and recognizes the value of diversity
in enhancing Board effectiveness. The Board considers a variety of diversity criteria in bringing expertise and
perspectives to the Board, including gender, age, ethnicity, business experience, professional expertise, personal
skills, and stakeholder perspectives. The Corporation has adopted a formal diversity policy (the “Diversity
Policy”) which reflects this commitment and provides a framework for promoting diversity at the Board and
executive levels.

Of the director nominees to be considered this year by Shareholders, three (3) of the eight (8) self-identify as
racially or ethnically diverse (37.5%).

Policies Regarding the Representation of Women on the Board

The Corporation has adopted the Diversity Policy, which addresses the identification and nomination of diverse
candidates, including women, for election to the Board. The Diversity Policy affirms the Board’s commitment to
considering diversity of race, ethnicity, gender, age, cultural background, and professional experience in
evaluating candidates for Board membership.

While the Board considers the level of representation of women and other diverse groups, the Corporation has
not established formal targets, as it believes that flexibility in the identification and selection process supports the
appointment of the most qualified candidates. The Board may review its approach from time to time to ensure
alignment with evolving best practices and the Corporation’s needs.

Consideration of the Representation of Women in the Director Identification and Selection Process

When appointing individuals as potential candidates for election or re-election to the Board, the Corporate
Governance and Compensation Committee considers diversity, including the representation of women, in
accordance with the Diversity Policy.

The Corporate Governance and Compensation Committee remains focused on identifying the most qualified
individuals to fill perceived needs on the Board for required skills, expertise, independence and other factors,
while also considering diversity attributes that will complement the Board and support strong stewardship of the
Corporation.

Consideration of the Representation of Women in the Executive Officer Appointments

When appointing individuals as potential candidates for executive officer positions, the Board considers diversity,
including the representation of women, in accordance with the Diversity Policy.

In considering executive officer candidates, the Board seeks the most qualified individuals while taking into
account the competencies, skills and diverse perspectives required to add value to the Corporation in light of the
opportunities and risks it faces.

Targets regarding the Representation of Women on the Board and in Executive Officer Positions

The Corporation has not adopted formal targets regarding the representation of women on the Board or in
executive officer positions. In line with the Diversity Policy, the Corporate Governance and Compensation
Committee identifies, evaluates and recommends candidates based on merit, while considering diversity,
including gender diversity, as one of several relevant factors.

                                                                                                                   52
                                                                      NOTICE OF ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING OF SHAREHOLDERS
                                                                                  AND MANAGEMENT INFORMATION CIRCULAR



In selecting director nominees and executive officer candidates, the Corporation considers the skills, expertise and
backgrounds that would complement the existing Board or management team, as applicable. Directors and
executive officers are recruited based on their qualifications, experience and ability to contribute to the
Corporation.

Number of Women on the Board and in Executive Officer Positions
As of the date hereof, there are three (3) women on the Board, representing 37.5% of the total number of
directors on the Board. One (1) of the four (4) executive officers of the Corporation of the total number of
executive officers of the Corporation in 2025 is a woman. In the broader leadership group consisting of officers
and managers, 8 of 27 are female.

Audit Committee
The Audit Committee is a committee of the Board to which the Board delegates its responsibility for oversight
of the financial reporting process. The Audit Committee is also responsible for managing, on behalf of the
Shareholders, the relationship between the Corporation and the external auditor.

Additional details in respect of the Audit Committee, as prescribed by NI 52-110, are provided in the annual
information form of the Corporation for the year ended December 31, 2025, a copy of which is filed under the
Corporation's SEDAR+ profile at www.sedarplus.ca and summarized below.


Audit Committee Charter
The Corporation’s Audit Committee charter (the “Audit Committee Charter”) was adopted by the Board, and is
attached as Schedule “E” to the Information Circular, which is available free of charge under the Corporation’s
SEDAR+ profile at www.sedarplus.ca or by contacting the Corporation’s legal counsel at Suite 4200, 888 – 3rd
Street S.W., Calgary, Alberta T2P 5C5. The mandate of the Audit Committee is to oversee and provide assistance
in financial reporting, financial policies and internal controls as well as to work with the external auditors to
ensure the accuracy of the Corporation’s financial disclosures. The Audit Committee must pre-approve all non-
audit services to be provided by an external auditor.

Composition of the Audit Committee
As of the date hereof, the Audit Committee is comprised of:

              Name of Director             Independent (Yes/No)(1)             Financially Literate (Yes/No)(1)

           Eleanor Barker (Chair)                   Yes                                      Yes

             Mark McComiskey                        Yes                                      Yes

           Felipe Arbelaez Hoyos                    Yes                                      Yes

Note:
(1) As defined in NI 52-110.


Relevant Education and Experience
Collectively, the Audit Committee has the education and experience to fulfill the responsibilities outlined in the
Audit Committee Charter.

Ms. Barker has over 28 years’ experience in the international oil and gas business. Ms. Barker is currently the
President of Barker Oil Strategies Inc., an oil and gas investment and consulting company. Ms. Barker was
previously a director of Sterling Resources Ltd., the U.S. National Association of Petroleum Investment Analysis
and the former President of the Canadian Association of Investment Analysts. Ms. Barker has held roles with
Imperial Oil Limited and Gulf Canada Limited. Ms. Barker holds an Honours B.Sc. in Chemistry from Queen’s
                                                                                                                  53
                                                                                NOTICE OF ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING OF SHAREHOLDERS
                                                                                            AND MANAGEMENT INFORMATION CIRCULAR



University in Canada and an MBA from the University of Western Ontario.

Mr. McComiskey is a partner at AVAIO Capital, a firm that focuses on value-added infrastructure investment and
that spun-out of AECOM in 2019. Prior to AVAIO, Mr. McComiskey was a partner at Prostar Capital’s energy
business and its successor firm, Vanwall Capital, LLC. Prior to Prostar, he was Co-Head of Private Equity at First
Reserve, a private equity firm focused on the energy industry. Mr. McComiskey holds a Juris Doctor degree from
Harvard University and an AB degree in economics from Harvard College.

Mr. Arbelaez Hoyos is currently the Senior Vice President Hydrogen and Carbon Capture Systems for BP Energy
in London. Mr. Arbelaez Hoyos is a Mechanical Engineer with a Masters in both Mechanical Engineering and
Finance.

Each member of the Audit Committee has:

            •    an understanding of the accounting principles used by the Corporation to prepare its financial
                 statements;

            •    the ability to assess the general application of those principles in connection with the accounting
                 for estimates, accruals and provisions;

            •    experience preparing, auditing, analyzing or evaluating financial statements that present a breadth
                 and level of complexity of accounting issues that are generally comparable to the breadth and
                 complexity of issues that can reasonably be expected to be raised by the Corporation’s financial
                 statements, or experience actively supervising individuals engaged in such activities; and

            •    an understanding of internal controls and procedures for financial reporting.

Audit Committee Oversight
At no time since the commencement of the Corporation’s most recently completed financial year has a
recommendation of the Audit Committee to nominate or compensate an external auditor not been adopted by
the Board.

Pre-Approval Policies and Procedures
The Audit Committee is authorized by the Board to review the performance of the Corporation’s external
auditors and approve in advance the provision of services other than audit services and to consider the
independence of the external auditors, including reviewing the range of services provided in the context of all
consulting services bought by the Corporation. The Audit Committee is authorized to approve any non-audit
services or additional work, which the Chair of the Audit Committee deems as necessary.


External Auditor Service Fees by Category
The fees for auditor services billed by the Corporation’s external auditors for the last two (2) fiscal years are as
follows:

Financial Year Ending                     Audit Fees       Audit-related Fees             Tax Fees            All Other Fees

December 31                                  ($)                  ($)                        ($)                   ($)

2025                                       341,630                 -                         -                  84,815

2024                                       307,477                 -                         -                  37,896




                                                                                                                               54
                                                                      NOTICE OF ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING OF SHAREHOLDERS
                                                                                  AND MANAGEMENT INFORMATION CIRCULAR



Environment, Social and Governance (“ESG”)
PetroTal is committed to providing a sustainable business plan that delivers meaningful opportunities for
stakeholders, which includes dedicating: attention, consideration and resources to environmental stewardship
and social responsibility, with a commitment to safety, ethics and transparency.

The Corporation has calibrated its ESG reporting to globally recognized frameworks, including the Task Force on
Climate-related Financial Disclosures framework, Global Reporting Initiative, the Sustainability Accounting
Standards Board standards, and the United Nations Sustainable Development Goals. Some past ESG initiatives
have included:

     •   Revised long-term incentive compensation to include ESG performance targets.

     •   Enhancing Board diversity and governance practices through new independent director appointments.

     •   Supporting community investment initiatives in Peru, including through the creation of a
         2.5% development fund.

     •   Advancing initiatives to reduce environmental impact, such as flare gas capture,
         geothermal evaluations, and renewable energy projects.
     •   Setting a target to reduce Scope 1 and Scope 2 greenhouse gas emissions intensity by 40% by
         2030 compared to 2021 levels, supported by ongoing operational plans.

PetroTal’s sustainability activities and progress are outlined in its Sustainability Report, available at
www.petrotal-corp.com/sustainability.

The Corporation has been recognized with ESG awards from the Peruvian National Mining, Oil and Energy Society
for its biodiversity conservation and innovation programs.

Board Oversight of ESG Matters
The Health, Safety, Environment and Corporate Social Responsibility Committee oversees PetroTal’s ESG
strategy and monitors management’s implementation of related practices and performance. See “Corporate
Governance – Health, Safety, Environment and Corporate Social Responsibility Committee”. Climate-related risks
and opportunities are integrated into PetroTal’s broader corporate strategy and risk management frameworks.

The Board maintains overall responsibility for corporate stewardship and monitors material risks and
opportunities, including environmental and social matters, through its committee structure and direct
engagement with management.

Cybersecurity
PetroTal has developed a cybersecurity framework to improve its cybersecurity resilience. To address the
growing threat of cyber-attacks, PetroTal invests in security initiatives that include technology, processes,
resourcing, training, disaster recovery and regular testing and benchmarking against best practices. PetroTal also
seeks to ensure that its portfolio companies have effective cybersecurity controls that are aligned with PetroTal’s
best practice cybersecurity policies and standards.

In addition, the Board, either directly or through the Audit Committee, oversees and monitors, the Corporation’s
risks relating to information technology, systems, and security, including in relation to cybersecurity. The Board
oversees and reviews PetroTal’s assessment of cybersecurity risks relating to information technology and
systems and its cybersecurity programs and cyber-resiliency practices and related identification, protection,
detection and response measures, including the steps that management has taken to monitor, control and
respond to such exposures. The Audit Committee also receives periodic briefings on information technology and
cyber threats and regularly briefs the Board on these matters in order to enhance our directors’ literacy on
                                                                                                                 55
                                                                    NOTICE OF ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING OF SHAREHOLDERS
                                                                                AND MANAGEMENT INFORMATION CIRCULAR



information technology and cyber issues.

In 2025, PetroTal did not experience any material cybersecurity breach.

Additional Information
Financial information of the Corporation is provided in the Corporation’s comparative annual financial
statements and management’s discussion and analysis for its most recently completed financial year. A copy of
these documents may be obtained by mailing a request to the Corporation at its offices at Suite 300, 16200 Park
Row, Houston, Texas 77084.

Copies of these documents, as well as additional information relating to the Corporation contained in documents
filed by the Corporation with the Canadian securities regulatory authorities, may also be accessed through the
SEDAR+ website at www.sedarplus.ca.




                                                                                                               56
                                                                       NOTICE OF ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING OF SHAREHOLDERS
                                                                                   AND MANAGEMENT INFORMATION CIRCULAR




SCHEDULE A
BOARD OF DIRECTORS MANDATE

A.     GENERAL
The Board of Directors (the “Board”) of PetroTal Corp. (the “Corporation”) is responsible for the stewardship
of the Corporation’s affairs and the activities of management of the Corporation in the conduct of day-to-day
business, all for the benefit of its shareholders.

The primary responsibilities of the Board are:
    (a) to maximize long term shareholder value;
    (b) to approve the strategic plan of the Corporation;
    (c) to ensure that processes, controls and systems are in place for the management of the business and
         affairs of the Corporation and to address applicable legal and regulatory compliance matters;
    (d) to maintain the composition of the Board in a way that provides an effective mix of skills and
         experience to provide for the overall stewardship of the Corporation;
    (e) to ensure that the Corporation meets its obligations on an ongoing basis and operates in a safe and
         reliable manner; and
     (f) to monitor the performance of the management of the Corporation to ensure that it meets its duties
         and responsibilities to the shareholders.

B.     COMPOSITION AND OPERATION
The number of directors shall be not less than the minimum and not more than the maximum number
specified in the Corporation’s articles and shall be set from time to time within such limits by resolutions of
the shareholders or of the Board as may be permitted by law. Directors are elected to hold office for a term
of one year. The Board will analyze the application of the “independent” standard as such term is referred to
in National Instrument 58-101-Disclosure of Corporate Governance Practices, to individual members of the
Board on an annual basis and disclose that analysis. The Board will in each year appoint a chairperson of the
Board (the “Chair”).

The Board operates by delegating certain of its authorities to management and by reserving certain powers
to itself. The Board retains the responsibility of managing its own affairs including selecting its Chair,
nominating candidates for election to the Board, constituting committees of the Board and determining
compensation for the directors. Subject to the articles and by-laws of the Corporation and the Business
Corporations Act (Alberta) (the “ABCA”), the Board may constitute, seek the advice of, and delegate certain
powers, duties and responsibilities to, committees of the Board.

C.     MEETINGS
The Board shall have a minimum of four regularly scheduled meetings per year. Special meetings are called
as necessary. Occasional Board trips are scheduled, if possible, in conjunction with regular Board meetings,
to offer directors the opportunity to visit sites and facilities at different operational locations. A quorum for a
meeting of the Board shall consist of a simple majority of the members of the Board.

The Board will schedule executive sessions where directors meet with or without management participation
at each regularly scheduled meeting of the Board.

D.     SPECIFIC DUTIES
Oversight and Overall Responsibility
In fulfilling its responsibility for the stewardship of the affairs of the Corporation, the Board shall be
specifically responsible for:

                                                                                                                  57
                                                                          NOTICE OF ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING OF SHAREHOLDERS
                                                                                      AND MANAGEMENT INFORMATION CIRCULAR




    (i) providing leadership and direction to the Corporation and management with the view to maximizing
          shareholder value. Directors are expected to provide creative vision, initiative and experience in the
          course of fulfilling their leadership role;
    (ii) satisfying itself as to the integrity of the Chief Executive Officer (the “CEO”) and other senior officers of
          the Corporation and ensuring that a culture of integrity is maintained throughout the Corporation;
    (iii) approving the significant policies and procedures by which the Corporation is operated and monitoring
          compliance with such policies and procedures, and compliance by all directors, officers and employees
          with the provisions of the Code of Business Conduct and Ethics;
    (iv) reviewing and approving material transactions involving the Corporation, including the acquisitions and
          dispositions of material assets by the Corporation and material capital expenditures by the Corporation;
    (v) approving budgets, monitoring operating performance and ensuring that the Board has the necessary
          information, including key business and competitive indicators, to enable it to discharge this duty and
          take any remedial action necessary;
    (vi) establishing methods by which interested parties may communicate directly with the Chair or with the
          independent directors as a group and cause such methods to be disclosed;
    (vii) developing written position descriptions for the Chair and for the chair of each Board committee; and
    (viii)making regular assessments of the Board and its individual members, as well as the effectiveness and
contributions of each Board committee.

Legal Requirements

    i) The Board has the oversight responsibility for meeting the Corporation’s legal requirements and for
         properly preparing, approving and maintaining the Corporation’s documents and records.
    ii) The Board has the statutory responsibility to:
         (1) manage the business and affairs of the Corporation;
         (2) act honestly and in good faith with a view to the best interests of the Corporation;
         (3) exercise the care, diligence and skill that responsible, prudent people would exercise in comparable
             circumstances; and
         (4) act in accordance with its obligations contained in the ABCA and the regulations thereto, the articles
             and by-laws of the Corporation, and other relevant legislation and regulations.
    iii) The Board has the statutory responsibility for considering the following matters as a full Board which in
         law may not be delegated to management or to a committee of the Board:
         (1) any submission to the shareholders of a question or matter requiring the approval of the shareholders;
         (2) the filling of a vacancy among the directors or in the office of auditor;
         (3) the appointment of additional directors;
         (4) the issuance of securities except in the manner and on the terms authorized by the Board;
         (5) the declaration of dividends;
        (6) the purchase, redemption or any other form of acquisition of shares issued by the Corporation, except
            in the manner and on the terms authorized by the Board;
        (7) the payment of a commission to any person in consideration of such person’s purchasing or agreeing
            to purchase shares of the Corporation from the Corporation or from any other person, or procuring or
            agreeing to procure purchasers for any shares of the Corporation;
        (8) the approval of management proxy circulars;
        (9) the approval of any financial statements to be placed before the shareholders of the Corporation at an
            annual general meeting; and
        (10) the adoption, amendment or repeal of any by-laws of the Corporation.



                                                                                                                     58
                                                                          NOTICE OF ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING OF SHAREHOLDERS
                                                                                      AND MANAGEMENT INFORMATION CIRCULAR




Independence

The Board shall have the responsibility to:
    i) implement appropriate structures and procedures to permit the Board to function independently of
         management (including, without limitation, through the holding of meetings at which non-independent
         directors and management are not in attendance, if and when appropriate);
    ii) implement a system which enables an individual director to engage an outside advisor at the expense of
         the Corporation in appropriate circumstances; and
    iii) provide an orientation and education program for newly appointed members of the Board.

    (b) Strategy Determination
The Board shall:
    i) adopt and annually review a strategic planning process and approve the corporate strategic plan, which
        takes into account, among other things, the opportunities and risks of the Corporation’s business; and
    ii) annually review operating and financial performance results relative to established strategy, budgets and
        objectives.

     (c) Managing Risk
The Board has the responsibility to identify and understand the principal risks of the Corporation’s business, to
achieve a proper balance between risks incurred and the potential return to shareholders, and to ensure that
appropriate systems are in place which effectively monitor and manage those risks with a view to the long-term
viability of the Corporation.

    (d) Appointment, Training and Monitoring of Senior Management
The Board shall:
    i) appoint the CEO and other senior officers of the Corporation, approve (upon recommendations from the
         Corporate Governance and Compensation Committee) their compensation, and monitor and assess the
         CEO’s performance against a set of mutually agreed corporate objectives directed at maximizing
         shareholder value;
    ii) ensure that a process is established that adequately provides for succession planning including the
         appointment, training and monitoring of senior management;
    iii) establish limits of authority delegated to management; and
    iv) develop a written position description for the CEO.

    (e) Reporting and Communication
The Board has the responsibility to:
    i) verify that the Corporation has in place policies and programs to enable the Corporation to communicate
        effectively with its shareholders, other stakeholders and the public generally;

    ii) verify that the financial performance of the Corporation is reported to shareholders, other security holders
        and regulators on a timely and regular basis;

    iii) verify that the financial results of the Corporation are reported fairly and in accordance with International
         Financial Reporting Standards from time to time;
    iv) verify the timely reporting of any other developments that have a significant and material impact on the
         value of the Corporation;
    v) report annually to shareholders on its stewardship of the affairs of the Corporation for the preceding year;
         and
    vi) develop appropriate measures for receiving stakeholder feedback.
                                                                                                                     59
                                                                       NOTICE OF ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING OF SHAREHOLDERS
                                                                                   AND MANAGEMENT INFORMATION CIRCULAR




    (f) Monitoring and Acting
The Board has the responsibility to:
    i) review and approve the Corporation’s financial statements and oversee the Corporation’s compliance with
         applicable audit, accounting and reporting requirements;
    ii) verify that the Corporation operates at all times within applicable laws and regulations to the highest
         ethical and moral standards;
    iii) approve and monitor compliance with significant policies and procedures by which the Corporation
         operates;
    iv) monitor the Corporation’s progress towards its goals and objectives and to work with management to
         revise and alter its direction in response to changing circumstances;
    v) take such action as it determines appropriate when the Corporation’s performance falls short of its goals
         and objectives or when other special circumstances warrant; and
    vi) verify that the Corporation has implemented appropriate internal control and management information
         systems.

    (i) Other Activities
The Board may perform any other activities consistent with this mandate, the articles and by-laws of the
Corporation and any other governing laws as the Board deems necessary or appropriate including, but not limited
to:
    i) preparing and distributing the schedule of Board meetings for each upcoming year;
    ii) calling meetings of the Board at such time and such place and providing notice of such meetings to all
         members of the Board in accordance with the by-laws of the Corporation; and
    iii) ensuring that all regularly-scheduled Board meetings and committee meetings are properly attended by
         directors. Directors may participate in such meetings by conference call if attendance in person is not
         possible.

    (j) Code of Business Conduct and Ethics
The Board shall be responsible to adopt a “Code of Business Conduct and Ethics” for the Corporation which shall
address:
    i) conflicts of interest;
    ii) the protection and proper use of the Corporation’s assets and opportunities;
    iii) the confidentiality of information;
    iv) fair dealing with various stakeholders of the Corporation;
    v) compliance with laws, rules and regulations; and
    vi) the reporting of any illegal or unethical behaviour.




                                                                                                                  60
E.     BOARD COMMITTEES
The Board shall at all times maintain: (a) an Audit Committee; (b) a Reserves Committee; (c) a Corporate
Governance and Compensation Committee; and (d) a HSES Committee, each of which must report to the Board.
Each such committee must operate in accordance with the by-laws, applicable law, its committee charter and
the applicable rules of any stock exchange on which the shares are traded. The Board may also establish such
other committees as it deems appropriate and delegate to such committees such authority permitted by its
by-laws and applicable law, and as the Board sees fit. The purpose of the Board committees is to assist the
Board in discharging its responsibilities. Notwithstanding the delegation of responsibilities to a Board
committee, the Board is ultimately responsible for matters assigned to the committees for determination.
Except as may be explicitly provided in the charter of a particular committee or a resolution of the Board, the
role of a Board committee is to review and make recommendations to the Board with respect to the approval
of matters considered by the committee.

F.     DIRECTOR ACCESS TO MANAGEMENT
The Corporation shall provide each director with complete access to the management of the Corporation,
subject to reasonable advance notice to the Corporation and reasonable efforts to avoid disruption to the
Corporation’s management, business and operations. Prior to any director of the Corporation initiating a
discussion with any employee of the Corporation, including management, such director shall have the
obligation to provide notice to the Chair and the Chief Executive Officer of the Corporation that the director
intends on initiating such a discussion.

G.     DIRECTOR COMPENSATION
The Board, upon recommendation of the Corporate Governance and Compensation Committee, will determine
and review the form and amount of compensation to directors.




                                                            1
        150498439 v9
SCHEDULE B
AMENDED AND RESTATED PERFORMANCE AND RESTRICTED SHARE UNIT PLAN




                                        1
     150498439 v9
                                                  PETROTAL CORP.

    AMENDED AND RESTATED PERFORMANCE AND RESTRICTED SHARE UNIT PLAN ARTICLE

                                                             1
                                                       PURPOSE
     1.1       Purpose

     The purpose of this Performance and Restricted Share Unit Plan is to provide directors, officers,
     employees and consultants of PetroTal Corp. or any of its subsidiaries with the opportunity to
     acquire Share Units (as defined below) to allow them to participate in the long-term success of the
     Corporation and to promote a greater alignment of their interests with the interests of the
     Corporation's shareholders.

                                                    ARTICLE 2
                                                 INTERPRETATION

     2.1 Definitions

     For purposes of the Plan:

               (a)     "Active Employment" means the period in which a Participant who is an employee of the
                       Corporation or an affiliate performs work for the Corporation or an affiliate. For certainty,
                       "Active Employment" shall be deemed to include any period constituting the minimum
                       notice of termination period as may be required to be provided to a Participant pursuant to
                       applicable employment standards legislation but shall exclude any other period that follows
                       or ought to have followed the later of the end of the statutory notice period or the Participant's
                       last day of performing work for the Corporation or an affiliate, whether that period arises from
                       a contractual or common law right;

               (b)     "Active Engagement" means any period in which a Participant who is not an employee of
                       the Corporation or an affiliate provides services to the Corporation or an affiliate. For
                       certainty, "Active Engagement" shall exclude any period that follows, or ought to have
                       followed, a Participant's last day of providing services to the Corporation or an affiliate,
                       including at common law;

               (c)     "Adjustment Factor" means the adjustment factor set out in the Award Notice for an award
                       of Performance Share Units;

               (d)     "Applicable Withholding Amount" is defined in Section 4.8(b);

               (e)     "Award Date" means a date on which Share Units are awarded to a Participant in
                       accordance with Section 4.1;

               (f)     "Award Market Value" per Share Award means the VWAP on the Exchange for the five
                       trading days immediately preceding the Award Date;

               (g)     "Award Notice" means any written or electronic communication (including notice or other
                       messages provided via an equity administration platform) evidencing an award of Share
                       Units, which shall include the terms applicable thereto (including but not limited to the any
                       vesting schedule that will apply to the award instead of the default vesting schedule
                       described in Section 4.3), as approved by the Board or Committee;

               (h)     "Blackout Period" means the period of time when, pursuant to any policies of the
                       Corporation, any securities of the Corporation may not be traded by certain persons as
                       designated by the Corporation, including any holder of a Share Unit.


                                                             2
150498439 v9
               (i)   "Board" means the board of directors of the Corporation or its delegate pursuant to Section
                     3.1(b);

               (j)   "Cause" means any grounds at common law for which an employer is entitled to dismiss an
                     employee without notice or pay in lieu of notice, and includes, without limitation, the
                     following:

                     (i)      the Participant's breach of a material term of his or her employment agreement or
                              employment, as applicable;

                     (ii)     the Participant's repeated and demonstrated failure to perform the Participant's
                              material duties of his or her position in a competent manner;

                     (iii)    the conviction of the Participant for a criminal offence involving fraud or dishonesty,
                              or which otherwise adversely impacts the reputation of the Corporation;

                     (iv)     the Participant's willful failure to act honestly and in the best interests of the
                              Corporation;

                     (v)      the Participant's breach of his or her fiduciary duties, as applicable;

                     (vi)     any actions or omissions on the part of the Participant constituting gross
                              misconduct or

                     (vii)    gross negligence resulting in material harm to the Corporation or which otherwise
                              adversely impacts the reputation of the Corporation in a material nature;

               (k)   "Change of Control" means and shall be deemed to have occurred upon the happening of
                     any of the following events:

                     (i)      the acceptance by the holders of Shares, representing in aggregate, more than
                              50% of all issued Shares of any offer, whether by way of a takeover bid or
                              otherwise, for all or any of the outstanding Shares; or

                     (ii)     the acquisition, by whatever means, by a person (or two or more persons who, in
                              such acquisition, have acted jointly or in concert or intend to exercise jointly or in
                              concert any voting rights attaching to the Shares acquired) directly or indirectly, of
                              beneficial ownership of such number of Shares or rights to Shares, if any,
                              representing (assuming the full exercise of such rights to Shares) more than 50%
                              of the combined voting rights of the Corporation's then outstanding Shares; or
                     (iii)     the entering into of any agreement by the Corporation to merge, consolidate,
                              amalgamate, initiate an arrangement or be absorbed by or into another corporation;
                              provided that no change of control shall be deemed to have occurred if (A) the
                              transaction contemplated by such agreement referred to herein is not completed;
                              or (B) upon completion of any such transaction individuals who were members of
                              the Board immediately prior to the effective date of such transaction constitute a
                              majority of the board of directors of the resulting corporation following such
                              effective date; or

                     (iv)     the passing of a resolution by the Board or shareholders of the Corporation to
                              substantially liquidate the assets or wind up the Corporation's business or
                              significantly rearrange its affairs in one or more transactions or series of
                              transactions or the commencement of proceedings for such a liquidation winding
                              up or re-arrangement (except where such re-arrangement is part of a bona fide
                              reorganization of the Corporation in circumstances where the business of the
                              Corporation is continued and where the shareholdings remain substantially the
                              same following the re-arrangement); or

                     (v)      individuals who were members of the Board immediately prior to a meeting of


                                                          3
150498439 v9
                              shareholders of the Corporation involving a contest for or an item of business
                              relating to the election of directors, not constituting a majority of the Board following
                              such election; or

                     (vi)     the completion of any transaction or the first of a series of transactions which would
                              have the same or similar effect as any transaction or series of transactions referred
                              to in subsections (i), (ii), (iii), (iv) and (v) and referred to above; or

                     (vii)    a determination by the Board, acting in good faith, that a change of control has
                              occurred for the purpose of this clause.

                     For purposes of this Plan, the Board may, by resolution, clarify the date as of which
                     a Change of Control shall be deemed to have occurred. Notwithstanding the
                     foregoing, to the extent any settlement, payment or benefit under the Plan,
                     including with respect to any Share Units, constitutes nonqualified deferred
                     compensation subject to Section 409A to be paid upon a Change of Control, a
                     Change of Control shall not be deemed to have occurred and no payment shall be
                     made unless such event constitutes a “change in control event” within the meaning
                     of Section 409A, to the extent necessary to comply with or be exempt from Section
                     409A, and any discretion of the Board or Committee in determining whether a
                     Change of Control has occurred shall be limited accordingly.

               (l)   "Committee" means the Corporate Governance and Compensation Committee of the Board
                     or such other Committee of the Board as may be appointed by the Board to administer the
                     Plan;

               (m)   "Corporation" means PetroTal Corp. and its successors and assigns;

               (n)   "Disabled" and "Disability" mean the permanent and total incapacity of a Participant as
                     determined by the Board for purposes of this Plan;

               (o)   "Distribution Date" means the date determined in accordance with Sections 4.6 or 4.12,
                     as applicable;

               (p)   "Dividend Equivalent" means a bookkeeping entry whereby a Share Unit is credited with
                     the equivalent amount of the dividend paid on a Share in accordance with Section 4.5;
               (q)   "Dividend Market Value" means the VWAP of the Shares on the Exchange for the five (5)
                     trading days immediately following the dividend record date for the payment of any dividend
                     made on the Shares;

               (r)   "Eligible Person" means a Person entitled to receive Share Units in accordance with
                     Section 3.3;

               (s)   "Exchange" means the Toronto Stock Exchange and any successor thereof or, if the Shares
                     are not then listed and posted for trading on the facilities of the Toronto Stock Exchange, on
                     such stock exchange in Canada on which such shares are listed and posted for trading as
                     may be selected for such purpose by the Board;

               (t)   "Final Date" means the earlier of: (i) the thirtieth day after the Participant ceases to be
                     eligible to participate under the Plan (including for the reasons described in Section 4.9); or
                     (ii) the fifth anniversary of the Award Date;

               (u)   "Insider" means an insider as defined in the policies of the Exchange;

               (v)   "Non-Employee Director" means a director of the Corporation who is not an officer or
                     employee of the Corporation or a subsidiary;



                                                          4
150498439 v9
               (w)    "Participant" means an Eligible Person who has been awarded Share Units under the Plan
                      or to whom Share Units have been transferred in accordance with the Plan;

               (x)    "Payment Shares" is defined in Section 4.8(a);

               (y)    "Performance Measures" means, for any period, the performance criteria, metrics, goals
                      or other factors and measures established by the Board or Committee, in its sole discretion,
                      to be taken into consideration in determining earned PSUs and determining the Adjustment
                      Factor in respect of any PSU. Performance Measures may include the following, as
                      determined by the Board or Committee: (i) corporate-level performance (including key
                      performance indicators or “KPIs”), including, without limitation, the total shareholder return
                      of the Shares compared to an index, subindex or identified group of peers, and the
                      Corporation's performance compared to identified operational or financial targets, or
                      business unit performance; and (ii) individual performance or evaluations. Corporate-level
                      Performance Measures (including KPIs) may be evaluated at the Company level, while
                      individual Performance Measures may vary by Participant. The Board or Committee may
                      take into account the achievement of such Performance Measures, in whole or in part,
                      together with any other factors it considers relevant, in determining the Adjustment Factor
                      and/or the number or value of Performance Share Units earned. Unless otherwise
                      determined by the Board, the performance period is the calendar year;

               (z)    "Performance Share Unit" or "PSU" means a unit equivalent in value to a Share, credited
                      by means of a bookkeeping entry on the books of the Corporation in accordance with Article
                      4, which may be granted in respect of a Target Award related to an applicable Award Notice
                      but will not be deemed earned until the Board or Committee determines the final number or
                      value of PSUs earned as described in Section 4.3;

               (aa)   "Permitted Assign" means, with respect to any Participant:

                      (i)      a trustee, custodian or administrator acting on behalf of, or for the benefit of, the
                               Participant,

                      (ii)     a holding entity of the Participant,

                      (iii)    a spouse of the Participant,

                      (iv)     a trustee, custodian or administrator acting on behalf of, or for the benefit of, the
                               spouse of the Participant, or

                      (v)      a holding entity of the spouse of the Participant;

               (bb)   "Person" means any individual, sole proprietorship, partnership, firm, entity, unincorporated
                      association, unincorporated syndicate, unincorporated organization, trust, body corporate,
                      fund, organization or other group of organized persons, government, government regulatory
                      authority, governmental department, agency, commission, board, tribunal, dispute
                      settlement panel or body, bureau, court, and where the context requires any of the foregoing
                      when they are acting as trustee, executor, administrator or other legal representative;

               (cc)   "Plan" means this Performance and Restricted Share Unit Plan as amended, restated,
                      supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time;

               (dd)   "Restatement Effective Date" means June 23, 2026, or if later, the date such restatement
                      is approved by the shareholders;

               (ee)   "Restricted Share Unit" or "RSU" means a unit equivalent in value to a Share, credited by
                      means of a bookkeeping entry on the books of the Corporation in accordance with Article 4;

               (ff)   "Security-Based Compensation Arrangements" means any compensation mechanism


                                                           5
150498439 v9
                       involving the issuance or the potential issuance of securities of the Corporation from
                       treasury;

               (gg)    Separation from Service” means a “separation from service” within the meaning of Section
                       409A of the Code and the Treasury Regulations thereunder;

               (hh)    "Settlement Market Value" per Share means the VWAP on the Exchange for the five
                       trading days immediately preceding the Distribution Date;

               (ii)    "Share" means a common share of the Corporation or, in the event of an adjustment
                       contemplated by Section 4.6, such number or type of securities as the Board may determine;

               (jj)    "Share Unit" means a Performance Share Unit or a Restricted Share Unit, as applicable;

               (kk)    “Target Award” means the target value or number of Performance Share Units established
                       at or prior to the commencement of a performance period and granted under an Award
                       Notice;

               (ll)    "U.S. Taxpayer" means a Participant who is a U.S. citizen, U.S. permanent resident or U.S.
                       tax resident for the purposes of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code (the "Code") or a Participant
                       for whom the award of Share Units under this Plan would otherwise be subject to the
                       provisions of the United States Internal Revenue Code; and

               (mm) "VWAP" means the volume weighted average trading price of the listed Shares, calculated
                       by dividing the total value by the total volume of Shares traded for the relevant period.

     2.2 Certain Rules of Interpretation

               (a)     Whenever the Board or, where applicable, the Committee or any sub-delegate of the
                       Committee is to exercise discretion in the administration of the terms and conditions of this
                       Plan, the term "discretion" means the sole and absolute discretion of the Board or the
                       Committee or the sub-delegate of the Committee, as the case may be.

               (b)     As used herein, the terms "Article" and "Section" mean and refer to the specified Article or
                       Section of this Plan.

               (c)     Words importing the singular include the plural and vice versa and words importing any
                       gender include any other gender.

               (d)     Unless otherwise specified, all references to money amounts are to Canadian currency.

                                                  ARTICLE 3
                                                ADMINISTRATION

     3.1       Administration of the Plan

               (a)     This Plan shall be administered by the Board. The Board shall have full and final discretion
                       to interpret the provisions of the Plan and to prescribe, amend, rescind and waive rules and
                       regulations to govern the administration and operation of the Plan. All decisions and
                       interpretations made by the Board shall be binding and conclusive upon the Corporation
                       and on all Eligible Persons, Participants, Permitted Assigns and all other Persons.

               (b)     To the extent permitted by applicable law, the Board has delegated to the Committee, on
                       such terms as it considers appropriate, the authority to administer this Plan and to grant
                       Share Units, including such powers, duties and functions as are necessary or desirable for
                       such purposes. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Board retains ultimate authority with
                       respect to the Plan and may, at any time, exercise any powers so delegated to the


                                                           6
150498439 v9
                       Committee.

               (c)     The Committee may, from time to time, delegate, on such terms as it considers appropriate,
                       all or any of the powers, duties and functions relating to the granting of Share Units and the
                       administration of the Plan, including the power to sub-delegate, to the extent permitted by
                       applicable law, to any specified officer of the Corporation all or any of the powers delegated
                       to the Committee; provided that any such sub-delegation shall not include the authority to
                       approve grants, determine awards or allocations, or exercise discretionary authority in
                       respect of the interpretation of the Plan. All decisions made by the Board, or by the
                       Committee pursuant to the delegation described above, or a proper sub-delegation to a
                       specified officer of the Corporation shall be final, binding and conclusive on the Corporation,
                       the Participants and all other Persons.

     3.2       Determination of Value if Shares Not Publicly Traded

     If the Shares are not publicly traded on the Exchange at the relevant time such that the Award
     Market Value, the Dividend Market Value and/or the Settlement Market Value cannot be
     determined in accordance thereto, such value shall be determined by the Board acting in good
     faith.

     3.3       Eligibility

     Share Units shall be granted only to persons (each, an "Eligible Person") who are directors,
     officers, employees, or consultants of the Corporation or a subsidiary of the Corporation as the
     Board determines should receive Share Units in accordance with the applicable laws and the
     policies and rules of the Exchange. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Non-Employee Directors are
     not eligible to be awarded PSUs and are only eligible to be awarded RSUs under the Plan.

     The Board reserves the right to restrict eligibility or otherwise limit the number of Persons eligible
     for participation in the Plan at any time. Eligibility to participate does not confer upon any individual a
     right to receive an award of Share Units pursuant to the Plan.

     3.4       Total Shares Subject to Share Units

     Unless otherwise approved by the Exchange and the shareholders of the Corporation:

               (a)     the securities that may be issued to Participants pursuant to this Plan shall consist of those
                       authorized but unissued Shares which the Board and/or Committee has, in its discretion,
                       reserved and approved for issuance under the Plan from time to time;

               (b)     subject to Section 4.13, the aggregate number of Shares that may be issuable pursuant to
                       the Plan and all other Security-Based Compensation Arrangements shall not exceed 10%
                       of the issued and outstanding Shares from time to time, as determined by the Board;

               (c)     the Board shall not grant Share Units under the Plan if the number of Shares issuable
                       pursuant to outstanding Share Units, when combined with the number of Shares issuable
                       pursuant to outstanding stock options granted under the Corporation's stock option plan and
                       outstanding securities under any other Security-Based Compensation Arrangements of the
                       Corporation, would exceed 10% of the issued and outstanding Shares at the time of the
                       grant;

               (d)     the number of securities issuable to Insiders of the Corporation, at any time, under all
                       Security-Based Compensation Arrangements including, without limitation, this Plan, shall
                       not exceed 10% of the issued and outstanding securities of the Corporation at the time of
                       grant calculated on a non-diluted basis;

               (e)     the number of securities issued to Insiders of the Corporation, within any one-year period,


                                                            7
150498439 v9
                      under all Security-Based Compensation Arrangements including, without limitation, this
                      Plan, shall not exceed 10% of the issued and outstanding securities of the Corporation at the
                      time of grant calculated on a non-diluted basis;

               (f)    the aggregate: (i) number of Shares that may be reserved for issuance pursuant to the
                      exercise of RSUs granted to Non-Employee Directors pursuant to this Plan shall not exceed
                      1.0% of the Shares outstanding from time to time; and (ii) value of RSUs granted to any one
                      Non-Employee Director in any calendar year under the Plan and under any other Security-
                      Based Compensation Arrangements shall not exceed $150,000;

               (g)    to the extent Share Units are exercised or to the extent any Share Units are terminated for
                      any reason or are cancelled, the Shares subject to such Share Units shall be added back to
                      the number of Shares reserved for issuance under the Plan and such Shares will again
                      become available for Share Unit grants under the Plan; and

               (h)    if the acquisition of Shares by the Corporation for cancellation should result in any of the
                      tests above no longer being met, this shall not constitute non-compliance with this Section
                      3.4 for any awards outstanding prior to such purchase of Shares for cancellation.

     For purposes of the calculations in this Section 3.4 only, it shall be assumed that all issued and
     outstanding Share Units will be settled by the issuance of Shares from treasury, notwithstanding
     the Corporation's right pursuant to Section 4.7 to settle Share Units in cash or by purchasing Shares
     on the open market.

     3.5       Participant's Agreement to be Bound

               (a)    Participation in the Plan is entirely voluntary and is at the discretion of the Eligible Person,
                      and shall not be interpreted as conferring upon such Participant any rights or privileges other
                      than those rights and privileges expressly provided in the Plan. Should any Eligible Person
                      elect to participate in the Plan by electing to receive Share Units through delivery of an
                      acknowledgement in the manner specified in Section 3.5(b) or otherwise, such
                      acknowledgement shall be construed as acceptance by the Eligible Person, of the terms and
                      conditions of the Plan, and all rules and procedures adopted hereunder, as amended,
                      assigned or assumed from time to time in accordance with the terms hereof.

               (b)    Participation in the Plan and acceptance of an Award Notice may be evidenced by electronic
                      acceptance or any other method determined by the Corporation (including through an
                      electronic equity administration system). Such acceptance will constitute agreement to be
                      bound by the terms of the Plan and the applicable Award Notice.


                                                ARTICLE 4
                                           AWARD OF SHARE UNITS



     4.1       Award of Share Units

               (a)    Subject to the provisions of the Plan and such other terms and conditions as the Committee
                      or the Board may prescribe, the Committee may, from time to time, grant Share Units to any
                      Eligible Person Share Units shall be credited to an account maintained for each Participant
                      on the books of the Corporation, effective as of the Award Date for that grant, provided that
                      the Participant has evidenced the Participant’s acknowledgement in the manner specified
                      in Section 3.5,. The number of Share Units (including fractional Share Units) to be credited
                      as of the Award Date shall be determined by the Committee in its sole discretion.

               (b)    Participants may be selected and awards may be made at any time. Participants need not
                      be selected and awards need not be made at the same time by the Committee. Any award
                      made to a Participant shall not obligate the Committee to make any subsequent awards to


                                                           8
150498439 v9
                      that Participant.

               (c)    Each Share Unit will vest in accordance with such terms as specified by the Board or
                      Committee in the Award Notice, except as otherwise provided in this Plan.

     4.2       Restricted Share Unit Vesting Period

     Unless otherwise stipulated by the Board at the time of grant and subject to earlier vesting in
     accordance with the terms of this Plan:


               (a)    for Participants other than senior executive officers designated by the Board or Committee,
                      one-third (1/3) of the RSUs granted hereunder shall vest on the January 1st following the
                      Award Date, and one-third (1/3) shall vest on each of the subsequent two January 1 dates
                      thereafter, provided the Participant has continually remained in Active Employment or Active
                      Engagement and has not incurred a Separation from Service through each such date; and

               (b)    for Participants that are senior executive officers designated by the Board or Committee,
                      RSUs granted hereunder shall vest on the third January 1st following the Award Date,
                      provided the Participant has continually remained in Active Employment or Active
                      Engagement and has not incurred a Separation from Service.

               (c)    Each vesting date shall constitute the Distribution Date for the applicable portion of the
                      vested RSUs, and such vested RSUs shall be settled in accordance with Section 4.7 and
                      Section 4.8.

     4.3       Performance Share Unit Vesting Period

               (a)    In connection with the grant of Performance Share Units, the Board or Committee may
                      establish a Target Award and the applicable Performance Measures for any performance
                      period.

               (b)    After the end of the applicable performance period, the Board or Committee shall determine
                      the extent to which the Target Award has been earned based on the applicable Performance
                      Measures and an Adjustment Factor, which may range from zero to such maximum as
                      determined by the Board or Committee (not to exceed 2.0). The Adjustment Factor shall be
                      applied to the Target Award to determine the number or value of Performance Share Units
                      earned (the “Earned PSUs”). Such determination shall be made as soon as reasonably
                      practicable following the end of the performance period, and in all events prior to July 1
                      following the end of the performance period.

               (c)    Unless otherwise determined by the Board or Committee or set forth in the applicable Award
                      Notice,

                      (i)   for Participants other than senior executive officers designated by the Board or
                            Committee, Earned PSUs shall vest as follows: (1) one-third (1/3) shall vest on the first
                            day of the month following the date on which the Board or Committee determines the
                            Earned PSUs, but in any event no later than July 30th following the end of the
                            performance period; and (2) one-third (1/3) shall vest on each of the subsequent two
                            January 1 dates thereafter, provided the Participant has continually remained in Active
                            Employment or Active Engagement and has not incurred a Separation from Service
                            through each such date; and

                      (ii) for Participants designated by the Board or Committee as senior executive officers,
                           Earned PSUs shall vest in full on the third January 1 following the end of the
                           performance period to which the Target Award relates, provided the Participant has
                           continually remained in Active Employment or Active Engagement and has not incurred
                           a Separation from Service.


                                                            9
150498439 v9
               (d)    Each vesting date shall constitute the Distribution Date for the applicable portion of the
                      Earned PSUs, and such Earned PSUs shall be settled in accordance with Section 4.7 and
                      Section 4.8.


     4.4       Award Notice

               (a)    All awards of Share Units under Section 4.1 will be evidenced by an Award Notice. Such
                      Award Notice may consist of a written or electronic communication or record (including
                      through an equity administration system) reflecting the grant of Share Units and the terms
                      and conditions applicable thereto, as approved by the Board or Committee.

               (b)    Any such Award Notice may be delivered, maintained and accepted by the Participant
                      through an electronic system designated by the Corporation, and shall be effective upon
                      such delivery or acceptance by the Participant (including by electronic acknowledgement),
                      as determined by the Corporation.

               (c)    By accepting an Award Notice, the Participant shall be deemed to have (i) received and
                      reviewed the Plan and the applicable Award Notice and agreed to be bound by their terms
                      and conditions, (ii) in the case of any Target Award, received, reviewed and understood the
                      applicable Performance Measures, (iii) acknowledged that any award of Share Units
                      represents a contingent opportunity only and that the number or value of Share Units that
                      may ultimately be earned, vested or payable may differ from any target or initial grant
                      amount based on applicable vesting conditions and, in the case of Performance Share
                      Units, Performance Measures and any Adjustment Factor, as applicable, (iv) acknowledged
                      that no entitlement to any payment or settlement arises unless and until the applicable
                      vesting and settlement conditions under the Plan have been satisfied, and (v) waived, to the
                      fullest extent permitted by applicable law, any claim for damages or compensation arising
                      out of or relating to the grant, determination, vesting or forfeiture of the Share Units.

               (d)    Without limiting the foregoing, the terms and conditions of an award of Share Units may
                      reflect, incorporate or be subject to provisions set forth in any employment agreement, offer
                      letter or other arrangement between the Participant and the Corporation or any of its
                      affiliates, to the extent determined by the Board or Committee. In the event of any
                      inconsistency, the Board or Committee shall determine the extent to which such provisions
                      apply to the award; provided that any such determination shall be made in a manner that
                      complies with, or is exempt from, Section 409A of the Code.


     4.5       Credits for Dividends

     Unless otherwise expressly provided in the applicable Award Notice or otherwise notified by the
     Board, no Dividend Equivalents shall be credited in respect of any Share Units.

     If the Award Notice provides that Dividend Equivalents will be credited in respect to the relevant
     Share Units and the Corporation pays a normal cash dividend in accordance with its dividend policy
     on the Shares, a Participant's account shall be credited with Dividend Equivalents in the form of
     additional Share Units as of each dividend payment date in respect of which normal cash dividends
     are paid on Shares. Such Dividend Equivalents shall be computed by dividing: (a) the amount
     obtained by multiplying the amount of the dividend declared and paid per Share by the number of
     Share Units recorded in the Participant's account on the record date for the payment of such
     dividend, by (b) the Dividend Market Value, with fractions computed to three decimal places. Any
     additional Share Units resulting from such Dividend Equivalents shall have the same vesting
     schedule, Distribution Date and other terms as the Share Units to which they relate. The foregoing
     does not obligate the Corporation to pay dividends on Shares and nothing in this Plan shall be
     interpreted as creating such an obligation.



                                                         10
150498439 v9
     4.6       Distribution Date of Awards

               (a)    The date of settlement of any Share Unit (a "Distribution Date") shall be the applicable
                      vesting date for such Share Unit established pursuant to Section 4.2 and 4.3; provided that,
                      a Participant must have remained in continuous Active Employment or Active Engagement
                      and not have incurred a Separation from Service through such vesting date in order for
                      settlement to occur. The Board may, at the time of grant and as set forth in the applicable
                      Award Notice, impose additional or different conditions to the determination of the
                      Distribution Date of any Share Unit, provided that such conditions comply with or are exempt
                      from Section 409A, to the extent applicable..

               (b)    Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Section, with respect to any Share Units
                      awarded to a Participant who is a U.S. Taxpayer, the Distribution Date shall be determined
                      in a manner that complies with or is exempt from Section 409A.

     4.7       Settlement of Share Units

     On the Distribution Date, the Board or Committee, as applicable, in its sole discretion, shall have
     the option of settling the Shares issuable in respect of Share Units by any or all of the following
     methods: (a) settlement in Shares acquired by the Corporation on the Exchange; (b) the issuance of
     Shares from the treasury of the Corporation; or (c) payment by the Corporation of a cash amount
     per Share Unit equal to the Settlement Market Value of the Payment Shares on the Distribution
     Date, net of applicable withholding tax.
     4.8       Distribution of Shares

               (a)    Subject to any election by the Board or Committee, as applicable, to settle a Share Unit in
                      cash, as soon as practicable after each Distribution Date and in any event no later than
                      December 31 of the calendar year in which such Distribution Date occurs, the Corporation
                      shall issue to the Participant a number of Shares equal to the number of Share Units in the
                      Participant's account that became payable on the Distribution Date (the "Payment
                      Shares"). As of the Distribution Date, the Share Units in respect of which such Shares are
                      issued or cash is paid shall be cancelled and no further payments shall be made to the
                      Participant under the Plan in relation to such Share Units.
               (b)    As a condition to the settlement of any Share Units, the Corporation may require that the
                      Participant execute and deliver such agreements, including a release and waiver of claims
                      in favor of the Corporation and its affiliates, in a form satisfactory to the Corporation. Any
                      such release shall be required to be executed and delivered within a period specified by the
                      Corporation that does not exceed [60] days following the Distribution Date. Notwithstanding
                      the foregoing, if the period during which the Participant may execute such release spans
                      two taxable years, any settlement of Share Units subject to such release shall be made in
                      the later taxable year. If the Participant does not execute and delivers such agreements
                      within the time period specified by the Corporation, the Corporation may, in its sole
                      discretion, forfeit such Share Units.
               (c)    As a condition to the issuance of Shares or payment of cash in connection with any Share
                      Units, the Corporation may require that the Participant: (i) pay to the Corporation such
                      amount as the Corporation is obligated to remit to the relevant taxing authority in respect of
                      the issuance of the Shares or payment of cash in respect of the Share Units (the
                      "Applicable Withholding Amount"); (ii) withhold the Applicable Withholding Amount from
                      any remuneration or other amount otherwise payable by the Corporation to the Participant;
                      (iii) require a sale of a number of Shares issued upon payment of the Share Units and the
                      remittance to the Corporation of the net proceeds from such sale sufficient to satisfy the
                      Applicable Withholding Amount; or (iv) enter into any other arrangements suitable to the
                      Corporation to enable the Corporation to satisfy the Applicable Withholding Amount,
                      including any combination of the foregoing. On or prior to the Distribution Date, the
                      Corporation shall advise the Participant in writing of any Applicable Withholding Amount
                      required in connection with the issue of Shares in settlement of the Share Units.




                                                          11
150498439 v9
     4.9       Separation from Service

     Notwithstanding any other provision of the Plan, and subject to any express resolution of the Board
     or Committee or the terms of an applicable Award Notice, if a Participant incurs a Separation from
     Service for any reason (including, without limitation, termination of employment or service,
     resignation, retirement, death or Disability), all Share Units that have not vested as of the date of
     such Separation from Service shall be forfeited without payment and shall be of no further force or
     effect.

     For greater certainty, no period of notice or payment in lieu of notice, whether statutory, contractual
     or at common law, shall be taken into account for purposes of determining vesting of Share Units.
     4.10      Adjustments to Share Units

     In the event of any subdivision, consolidation, stock dividend, capital reorganization,
     reclassification, exchange, or other change with respect to the Shares, or a consolidation,
     amalgamation, merger, spin-off, sale, lease or exchange of all or substantially all of the property of
     the Corporation or other distribution of the Corporation's assets to shareholders (other than the
     payment of dividends in respect of the Shares as contemplated by Section 4.5), the account of
     each Participant and the Share Units outstanding under the Plan shall be adjusted in such manner,
     if any, as the Board may in its discretion, subject to approval by the Exchange and Section 409A,
     to the extent applicable, deem appropriate to preserve, proportionally, the interests of Participants
     under the Plan.

     4.11      Change of Control

     (a)       Upon a Change of Control, the Board or Committee may, in its sole discretion, determine that all or
               any portion of the outstanding and unvested Share Units shall vest and be settled.

     (b)       Shares issuable in respect of such Share Units shall be deemed to be issued to Participants effective
               immediately prior to the completion of the transaction which would result in the Change of Control
               unless issued prior thereto in accordance with this Plan.

     4.12      Discretion to Permit Vesting

     Notwithstanding the provisions of Sections 4.2, 4.3, and 4.9, the Board may, in its sole discretion,
     at any time prior to or following the events contemplated in such Sections, permit the vesting of any
     or all Share Units held by a Participant and the issuance of the Payment Shares or payment of cash
     in respect of such Share Units in the manner and on the terms authorized by the Board, provided
     that any such action shall be implemented in a manner that complies with or is exempt from Section
     409A, to the extent applicable, and the Board will not, in any case, authorize the vesting of any
     Share Units or the issuance of a Payment Share or payment of cash pursuant to this Section
     beyond the Final Date applicable to the particular Share Unit.

     4.13      Blackout Periods

     Subject to the rules and regulations of the Exchange, notwithstanding any other provisions of this
     Plan, if the Distribution Date of any Share Unit occurs during or within 10 business days following
     the end of a Blackout Period, the settlement of such Share Unit shall be extended for a period of
     10 business days following the end of the Blackout Period (or such longer period as permitted by
     the Exchange and approved by the Board). Notwithstanding the foregoing, to the extent applicable,
     the settlement of such Share Units shall be determined in a manner that complies with or is exempt
     from Section 409A.




                                                           12
150498439 v9
                                                    ARTICLE 5
                                                    GENERAL

     5.1       Amendment, Suspension, or Termination of Plan

               (a)    Subject to Sections 5.1(b) and 5.1(c) below and to the rules and policies of the Exchange
                      and applicable law, the Board may, without notice or shareholder approval, at any time or
                      from time to time, amend, suspend or terminate the Plan or awards granted hereunder for
                      any purpose which, in the good faith opinion of the Board, may be expedient or desirable,
                      including making such amendments to the Plan to comply with rules and policies of the
                      Exchange.

               (b)    Notwithstanding Section 5.1(a) but subject to 5.1(f), the Board shall not alter or impair any
                      rights or increase any obligations with respect to a Share Unit previously granted under the
                      Plan without the consent of the Participant.

               (c)    Notwithstanding Section 5.1(a), none of the following amendments shall be made to this
                      Plan or awards granted hereunder without approval of the Exchange (to the extent the
                      Corporation has any securities listed on such exchange) and the approval of shareholders:

                      (i)      amendments to the Plan which would increase the number of securities issuable
                               under the Plan otherwise than in accordance with the terms of this Plan;

                      (ii)     amendments to the Plan which would increase the number of securities issuable
                               to Insiders otherwise than in accordance with the terms of this Plan;

                      (iii)    amendments that would extend the Distribution Date of any Share Units held by
                               Insiders beyond the original Final Date of the Share Units;

                      (iv)     amendments that would reduce the Award Market Value of any Share Units held by
                               Insiders otherwise than in accordance with the terms of this Plan;

                      (v)      the addition of any form of financial assistance to a Participant;

                      (vi)     amendments to the restriction under Section 5.5 to permit a Participant to transfer
                               any Share Units to a new beneficial holder other than for estate settlement
                               purposes;

                      (viii)   amendments to the limitations under Section 3.4(f) with respect to RSUs
                               that may be granted to Non-Employee Directors; and

                      (vii)    amendments to this Section 5.1.

                      Such amendments shall require the approval of the disinterested holders of the
                      Corporation's Shares by ordinary resolution.
               (d)    If the Board terminates or suspends the Plan, no new Share Units will be credited to the
                      account of a Participant. Previously credited Share Units whether or not vested, may, at
                      the Board's election, be accelerated (if unvested) and/or Shares issuable in respect of such
                      Share Units may be distributed to Participants or may remain outstanding. In the event that
                      a Share Unit remains outstanding following a suspension or termination of the Plan, such
                      Share Unit shall not be entitled to Dividend Equivalents unless at the time of termination or
                      suspension the Board determines that the entitlement to Dividend Equivalents after
                      termination or during suspension, as applicable, should be continued.

               (e)    The Board shall not require the consent of any affected Participant in connection with a
                      termination of the Plan in which the vesting of all Share Units held by the Participant are


                                                          13
150498439 v9
                      accelerated and the Payment Shares are issued to the Participant or cash is paid in respect
                      of all such Share Units.

               (f)    The Plan will terminate on the date upon which no further Share Units remain outstanding.


     5.2       Compliance with Laws/U.S. Tax Matters

     The administration of the Plan shall be subject to and made in conformity with all applicable laws
     and any regulations of a duly constituted regulatory authority. If at any time the Board determines
     that the listing, registration or qualification of the Shares subject to the Share Unit upon any
     securities exchange or under any provincial, state, federal or other applicable law, or the consent or
     approval of any governmental body, securities exchange, or the holders of the Shares generally, is
     necessary or desirable, as a condition of, or in connection with, the granting of such Share Units or
     the issue of Shares thereunder, no such Share Unit may be awarded or exercised in whole or in part
     unless such listing, registration, qualification, consent or approval shall have been effected or
     obtained free of any conditions not acceptable to the Board.

     The Share Units under this Plan are intended to be either exempt from, or compliant with, Section
     409A of the United States Internal Revenue Code and the Treasury Regulations and other guidance
     promulgated thereunder (“Section 409A”) (including, where applicable, pursuant to the short-term deferral
     exemption set forth in Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-1(b)(4)), and the provisions of this Plan shall
     be interpreted administered and paid in a manner consistent with that intent.. For purposes of
     Section 409A, each payment of nonqualified deferred compensation subject to Section 409A under
     the Plan shall be treated as a separate payment to the fullest extent permitted under Section 409A.
     To the extent that any payment or benefit under the Plan constitutes nonqualified deferred
     compensation subject to Section 409A, (i) a Participant’s termination of employment or other
     service relationship shall not be deemed to have occurred unless it constitutes a ‘separation from
     service’ within the meaning of Section 409A, to the extent necessary to comply with Section 409A,
     (ii) if such payment or benefit is payable upon a Participant’s separation from service and the
     Participant is a ‘specified employee’ (within the meaning of Section 409A), such payment or benefit
     shall not be made before the date that is six (6) months following the Participant’s separation from
     service (or, if earlier, the date of the Participant’s death), to the extent required to comply with
     Section 409A, and any amounts that would otherwise have been payable during such six-month
     period shall be accumulated and paid in a lump sum on the first business day following the end of
     such period (or earlier death), and (iii) if such payment or benefit is payable upon a Change of
     Control, such event shall not constitute a payment event for purposes of Section 409A unless it
     also constitutes a ‘change in control event’ within the meaning of Section 409A. Notwithstanding
     anything in the Plan to the contrary, in no event shall any Participant have the right to designate
     the taxable year of payment of nonqualified deferred compensation subject to Section 409A, and if
     a payment is to be made within a specified period that spans two taxable years, such payment shall
     be made in the later taxable year. The Board reserves the right to amend the Plan or any Award,
     or to adopt such policies and procedures, or to take any other actions, as the Board determines are
     necessary or appropriate to (i) exempt the Plan or any Award from the application of Section 409A
     or (ii) comply with the requirements of Section 409A; provided, however, that this Section shall not
     be construed as a guarantee of any particular tax treatment, and the Company shall have no liability
     to any Participant or any Person for any taxes, penalties or interest imposed under Section 409A.

     5.3       Reorganization of the Corporation

     The existence of any Share Units shall not affect in any way the right or power of the Corporation or
     its shareholders to make or authorize any adjustment, recapitalization, reorganization or other
     change in the Corporation's capital structure or its business, or to create or issue any bonds,
     debentures, shares or other securities of the Corporation or to amend or modify the rights and
     conditions attaching thereto or to effect the dissolution or liquidation of the Corporation, or any
     amalgamation, combination, merger or consolidation involving the Corporation or any sale or

                                                        14
150498439 v9
     transfer of all or any part of its assets or business, or any other corporate act or proceeding, whether
     of a similar nature or otherwise.

     5.4       Assignment

     Rights and obligations under the Plan may be assigned by the Corporation to a successor in the
     business of the Corporation, any company resulting from any amalgamation, reorganization,
     combination, merger or arrangement of the Corporation, or any company acquiring all or
     substantially all of the assets or business of the Corporation.
     5.5       Share Units Non-Transferable

     Share Units are non-transferable except to a Permitted Assign. Certificates representing Share
     Units will not be issued by the Corporation.
     5.6       Participation to be Determined by Board; No Additional Rights

     The participation of any Participant in the Plan shall be determined by resolution of the Board or
     the Committee, if such authority is delegated thereto. Nothing in this Plan shall be construed to
     provide the Participant with any rights whatsoever to participate or to continue participation in this
     Plan, or to compensation or damages in lieu of participation. The Corporation does not assume
     responsibility for the personal income tax liability or other tax consequences for the Participants
     and they are advised to consult with their own tax advisors.

     No person has any right to compensation or damages for any loss in relation to this Plan, including
     any loss in relation to:

               (a)    any loss or reduction of rights or expectations under the Plan in any circumstances (including
                      termination of employment for any reason); and

               (b)    any exercise of discretion or a decision taken in relation to a grant of Share Units or to the
                      Plan, or any failure to exercise discretion or make a decision.

     5.7       No Shareholder Rights

     Under no circumstances shall Share Units be considered Shares or other securities of the
     Corporation, nor shall they entitle any Participant to exercise voting rights or any other rights
     attaching to the ownership of Shares or other securities of the Corporation, nor shall any Participant
     be considered the owner of Shares by virtue of the award of Share Units. A Participant will acquire
     rights to Shares in respect of Share Units only upon the allotment and issuance to the Participant of
     such Shares in accordance with this Plan.

     5.8       Fractions

     No fractional Share will be issued pursuant to an award granted hereunder. The number of Shares
     issuable upon payment of any award granted under this Plan will be rounded down to the nearest
     whole number of Shares. No payment or other adjustment will be made with respect to the fractional
     Share so disregarded.

     5.9       Unfunded and Unsecured Plan

     Unless otherwise determined by the Board, the Plan shall be unfunded and the Corporation will not
     secure its obligations under the Plan. To the extent any Participant or his or her estate holds any
     rights by virtue of a grant of Share Units under the Plan, such rights (unless otherwise determined
     by the Board) shall be no greater than the rights of an unsecured creditor of the Corporation.



                                                          15
150498439 v9
     5.10      Market Fluctuations

     No amount will be paid to, or in respect of, a Participant under the Plan to compensate for a
     downward fluctuation in the price of Shares, nor will any other form of benefit be conferred upon, or
     in respect of, a Participant for such purpose. The Corporation makes no representations or
     warranties to Participants with respect to the Plan or the Shares whatsoever. In seeking the benefits
     of participation in the Plan, a Participant agrees to accept all risks associated with a decline in the
     market price of Shares.
     5.11      Participant Information

     Each Participant shall provide the Corporation with all information (including personal information)
     required by the Corporation in order to administer the Plan. Each Participant acknowledges that
     information required by the Corporation in order to administer the Plan may be disclosed to other
     third parties in connection with the administration of the Plan. Each Participant consents to such
     disclosure and authorizes the Corporation to make such disclosure on the Participant's behalf.

     5.12      Indemnification

     Every director of the Corporation will at all times be indemnified and saved harmless by the
     Corporation from and against all costs, charges and expenses whatsoever including any income
     tax liability arising from any such indemnification, that such director may sustain or incur by reason of
     any action, suit or proceeding, taken or threatened against the director, otherwise than by the
     Corporation, for or in respect of any act done or omitted by the director in respect of administering
     this Plan, such costs, charges and expenses to include any amount paid to settle such action, suit
     or proceeding or in satisfaction of any judgment rendered therein.

     5.13      Effective Date of the Plan

     The Plan shall be effective as of May 30, 2018, as amended and restated effective as of October
     31, 2019 and May 3, 2023, as further amended and restated effective as of June 23, 2026, subject
     to ratification by the disinterested holders of the Corporation's Shares by ordinary resolution.

     5.14      Treatment of Prior Awards

     This Plan, as amended and restated, shall apply on a prospective basis to Share Units granted on
     or after the Restatement Effective Date. Unless otherwise determined by the Board or Committee,
     the terms and conditions applicable to Share Units granted prior to the Restatement Effective Date
     shall continue to be governed by the terms of the Plan (and any applicable award agreement or
     notice) in effect prior to the Restatement Effective Date. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Board
     or Committee may, in its sole discretion, determine to apply all or any portion of this amended and
     restated Plan to outstanding Share Units, provided that any such determination (i) complies with
     applicable stock exchange requirements, and (ii) complies with, or is exempt from, Section 409A
     to the extent applicable, including with respect to time and form of payment.

     5.15      Governing Law

     The Plan shall be governed by, and interpreted in accordance with, the laws of the Province of
     Alberta and the laws of Canada applicable therein, without regard to principles of conflict of laws.




                                                        16
150498439 v9
