 PetroTal Announces 2019 Year‐End Financial and Operating Results
                     Record levels of oil production, cash flow and income

Calgary and Houston – June 15, 2020 — PetroTal Corp. (“PetroTal” or the “Company”) (TSX‐
V: TAL and AIM: PTAL) is pleased to announce its financial and operating results for the year
and the three months (“Q4”) ended December 31, 2019.

Selected financial, reserves and operational information is outlined below and should be read in
conjunction with the Company’s audited consolidated financial statements (“Financial
Statements”), management’s discussion and analysis (“MD&A”) and annual information form
(“AIF”) for the year ended December 31, 2019, which are available on SEDAR at www.sedar.com
and the Company’s website at www.PetroTal‐Corp.com. Reserves numbers presented herein
were derived from an independent reserves report (the “NSAI Report”) prepared by Netherland,
Sewell & Associates, Inc. (“NSAI”) effective December 31, 2019. All amounts herein are in United
States dollars (“USD”) unless otherwise stated.
2019 HIGHLIGHTS
The Company reached several key operational and financial achievements during 2019 as
described below:
Q4 Highlights
   ‐   Drilled and completed the Company’s first horizontal well (4H), having a 500 meter
       lateral and utilizing autonomous inflow control device (“AICD”) valves to maximize oil
       production;
   ‐   Drilled and completed the 5H well, the longest horizontal well drilled in Peru. The well
       reached the target Vivian formation at a vertical depth of 2,696 meters and then with an
       863 meter horizontal section inside the main productive oil reservoir;
   ‐   Commissioning of the new $31.6 million Central Production Facility (“CPF”) commenced
       on December 22, 2019 with the successful hydrostatic test of the new 20,000 barrel oil
       storage tank;
   ‐   Earned net income of $18.2 million ($0.03 per share basic) compared to a net loss of $2.2
       million in Q4 2018;
   ‐   Higher operating net back of $28.6 million compared to $2.3 million in Q4 2018;
   ‐   For Q4 2019 the Company recognized funds flow generated of $22.2 million, as
       compared to utilization of negative $1.9 million in Q4 2018;
   ‐   Achieved a record quarterly oil production of 7,767 bopd, an increase of 670% over Q4
       2018 (1,158 bopd), and an increase of 63% over Q3 2019 (4,760 bopd);
   ‐   Q4 2019 sales volumes averaged 9,509 bopd compared to 1,199 bopd in Q4 2018; and,
   ‐   Capital expenditures were $26.9 million in Q4 2019 compared to $4.4 million in Q4 2018.
2019 Operational Highlights
   ‐   At December 31, 2019, six producing wells and one water disposal were operating,
       inclusive of the initial water disposal that was converted to an oil producer;
   ‐    The Company invested $88.4 million to drill five producing oil wells, a water disposal well
        and build production facilities, nearly a three fold increase from capital expenditures of
        $23.2 million in 2018;
   ‐    The Company achieved an exit rate production of 13,300 bopd at the end of 2019 with
        the Q4 average being 7,767 bopd. PetroTal produced a total of 1.5 million barrels of oil
        in 2019, representing average oil production of 4,131 bopd, an increase of 431% from the
        average production of 958 bopd realized in 2018;
   ‐    NSAI Report shows increases in all reserve categories:
       o Proved ("1P") reserves of 21.5 million barrels ("mmbbl"), an increase of 20% from the
          17.9 mmbbl recorded at the end of 2018;
       o Proved plus Probable ("2P") reserves of 47.7 mmbbl, an increase of 21% from the 39.4
          mmbbl recorded at the end of 2018; and,
       o Proved plus Probable and Possible ("3P") reserves of 84.8 mmbbl, an increase of 8%
          from the 78.7 mmbbl recorded at the end of 2018;
   ‐    Net Present Value (before tax, discounted at 10%) (“NPV‐10”) represents $434 million
        ($20.19/bbl) for 1P reserves, $1.1 billion ($23.02/bbl) for 2P reserves and $1.9 billion
        ($22.11/bbl) for 3P reserves; and,
   ‐    Original oil in place ("OOIP") estimates for each category of reserves also increased, with
        the 2P estimate increasing from 329 mmbbl to 364 mmbbl.
2019 Financial Highlights
   ‐    Generated revenue of $77 million ($52.32/bbl) compared to $10 million ($59.10/bbl) in
        2018;
   ‐    Royalties to the Peruvian government were $3.4 million (4% of revenue) during 2019
        compared to $0.5 million (5% of revenue) for 2018;
   ‐    Generated funds from operations of $51.9 million compared to $30 thousand in 2018, as
        a result of the significant increase in revenue generation;
   ‐    Operating and transportation costs, were $31.9 million ($21.68/bbl) for 2019 compared
        to $4.9 million ($27.60/bbl) for 2018, an improvement of 22% on a per barrel basis;
   ‐    Net operating income (netback) in 2019 was $41.4 million ($28.09/bbl) compared to $5.1
        million ($28.72/bbl) in 2018;
   ‐    Cash flow generated was $29.7 million compared to negative $3.4 million in 2018. Cash
        flow represents netback inclusive of G&A costs, realized gain (losses) on commodity
        contracts and all other cash transactions; and,
   ‐    At December 31, 2019, the Company had cash of $21.1 million, compared to $26.3
        million at the end of 2018.
2019 Other Highlights
   ‐    On November 4, 2019, the Company announced the addition of Mr. Douglas Urch, as
        Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of the Company;
   ‐    On December 12, 2019, the Company’s board of directors declared its inaugural dividend
        of $0.9 million to shareholders of record on December 20, 2019; and,
   ‐    On December 19, 2019, Ms. Eleanor Barker and Dr. Roger Tucker were appointed as
        Independent Non‐Executive Directors.
         The following table summarizes key financial and operating highlights associated with the
         Company’s performance for the years ended December 31, 2019 and 2018. See the Financial
         Statements, MD&A and AIF for further details.

                                                                               December 31              December 31
                         Results at a glance                                      2019                     2018
                         Financial
                          Crude oil revenues                                              77,024                   10,487
                          Royalties                                                       (3,394)                    (493)
                          Commodity price derivatives loss                                    367                        ‐
                          Net operating income                                            41,719                     5,096
                          Net income (loss)                                               20,152                   (4,621)
                            Basic and diluted (US$/share)                                    0.03                   (0.01)
                          Funds generated from operations                                 51,061                        30
                          Capital expenditures                                            88,763                   23,207
                         Operating
                          Average production (bopd)                                         4,131                      958
                          Average sales (bopd)                                              4,033                      964
                          Average Brent oil price (US$/barrel)                              64.31                    63.84
                          Average realized price (US$/barrel)                               52.32                    59.10
                          Netback (US$/barrel)                                              28.09                    28.72
                          Cash flow                                                        29,692                  (3,362)
                         Balance sheet
                          Cash                                                             21,101                  26,259
                          Working Capital                                                (11,762)                  26,053
                          Total assets                                                   194,181                   96,097
                          Current liabilities                                              59,286                   9,582
                          Equity                                                         121,057                   77,527



                                                                  Q4‐19                 FY 2019                Q4‐18                  FY 2018
                                                         $/bbl                 $/bbl                  $/bbl                  $/bbl
SALES:                     Average Production (bopd)                   7,767                  4,131                  1,158                   958
                                             Bbls Sold              874,802               1,472,042              110,287                177,465
                           Average Brent price ($/bbl)                 63.26                  64.31                  63.84                 63.84
             Quarterly Difference Variation price (%)                ‐17.0%                  ‐18.6%                ‐12.1%                  ‐7.4%
         Average sold (bopd)                                           9,509                  4,033                  1,199                   964
Oil revenue                                              $52.49     $45,916    $52.32       $77,024   $56.09       $6,186    $59.10     $10,487
Less:    Royalties                                        $2.07      $1,813     $2.31        $3,394    $3.04          $336    $2.78         $493
         Operating expense                                $6.91      $6,047     $9.73       $14,319   $22.82       $2,516    $19.73       $3,501
         Transportation expense                          $11.09      $9,702    $11.95       $17,592    $9.32       $1,028     $7.87       $1,397
         Derivative loss (income)                        ‐$0.24       ($213)    $0.25          $367    $0.00            $0    $0.00           $0
NET OPERATING INCOME                                     $32.65     $28,566    $28.09       $41,352   $20.91       $2,306    $28.72       $5,096
         Netback as % of Revenue                                      62.2%                   53.7%                 37.3%                  48.6%
G&A                                                       $6.91      $6,048     $7.33       $10,789   $36.95       $4,075    $44.18       $7,840
Accretion expense                                         $0.14         $126    $0.28          $416    $0.81           $89    $3.48         $618
Finance expense                                           $0.27         $238    $0.31          $455    $0.00            $0    $0.00           $0
CASH FLOW                                                           $22,154                 $29,692              ($1,858)               ($3,362)
         Deferred income taxes                            $0.05          $45    $0.06           $86   ‐$7.18        ($792)   ‐$4.46       ($792)
         Depletion and depreciation                       $4.30      $3,760     $5.79        $8,528    $7.39          $815    $7.91       $1,404
         Impairment and foreign exchange                  $0.14         $126    $0.63          $927    $2.75          $303    $3.65         $647
         Net Income (loss)                                          $18,223                 $20,152              ($2,184)               ($4,621)
Manuel Pablo Zuniga‐Pflucker, President and Chief Executive Officer, commented:

“As a Company, we achieved a great deal in 2019. We set ourselves a number of ambitious
targets at the beginning of the year and were able to meet or exceed all of them. We were also
able to generate significant value for our shareholders by increasing our production by 431%
year‐on‐year. Our ability to deliver an exit rate of 13,300 bopd for 2019 is a testament to the
expertise and hard work of PetroTal’s workforce during the period.

Whilst we are currently focusing on balance sheet strength and liquidity, in light of the difficult
trading environment, we remain well placed to deliver value for all our stakeholders. In closing,
I would like to thank PetroTal’s shareholders, directors, employees and contractors for their
continued support. We look forward to announcing further developments as the year
progresses.”

ABOUT PETROTAL

PetroTal is a publicly‐traded, dual‐quoted (TSXV: TAL and AIM: PTAL) oil and gas development and
production company domiciled in Calgary, Alberta, focused on the development of oil assets in Peru.
PetroTal’s flagship asset is its 100% working interest in Bretaña oil field in Peru’s Block 95 where oil
production was initiated in June 2018 and in early 2020, became the second largest crude oil producer
in Peru. Additionally, the Company has large exploration prospects and is engaged in finding a partner
to drill the Osheki prospect in Block 107. The Company’s management team has significant experience
in developing and exploring for oil in Northern Peru and is led by a Board of Directors that is focused on
safely and cost effectively developing the Bretaña oil field.

For further information, please see the Company’s website at www.petrotal‐corp.com, the Company’s
filed documents at www.sedar.com, or contact:

Douglas Urch
Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
Durch@PetroTal‐Corp.com
T: (713) 609‐9101

Manuel Pablo Zuniga‐Pflucker
President and Chief Executive Officer
Mzuniga@PetroTal‐Corp.com
T: (713) 609‐9101

Celicourt Communications
Mark Antelme / Jimmy Lea
petrotal@celicourt.uk
T : 44 (0) 208 434 2643

Strand Hanson Limited (Nominated & Financial Adviser)
James Spinney / Ritchie Balmer
T: 44 (0) 207 409 3494
Stifel Nicolaus Europe Limited (Joint Broker)
Callum Stewart / Simon Mensley / Ashton Clanfield
Tel: +44 (0) 20 7710 7600
Numis Securities Limited (Joint Broker)
John Prior / Emily Morris
T: +44 (0) 207 260 1000

READER ADVISORIES
FORWARD‐LOOKING STATEMENTS: This press release contains certain statements that may be deemed to be forward‐looking
statements. Such statements relate to possible future events, including, but not limited to: PetroTal’s business strategy,
objectives, strength and focus; drilling and completion activities and the results of such activities; construction of production
facilities; the ability of the Company to achieve drilling success consistent with management’s expectations; anticipated future
production and revenue; future development and growth prospects; and the Company’s ability to resume operations in
accordance with developing public health efforts to contain COVID‐19. All statements other than statements of historical fact
may be forward‐looking statements. In addition, statements relating to expected production, reserves, recovery, costs and
valuation are deemed to be forward‐looking statements as they involve the implied assessment, based on certain estimates
and assumptions that the reserves described can be profitably produced in the future. Forward‐ looking statements are often,
but not always, identified by the use of words such as “anticipate”, “believe”, “expect”, “plan”, “estimate”, “potential”, “will”,
“should”, “continue”, “may”, “objective” and similar expressions. The forward‐looking statements are based on certain key
expectations and assumptions made by the Company, including, but not limited to, expectations and assumptions concerning
the ability of existing infrastructure to deliver production and the anticipated capital expenditures associated therewith,
reservoir characteristics, recovery factor, exploration upside, prevailing commodity prices and the actual prices received for
PetroTal’s products, the availability and performance of drilling rigs, facilities, pipelines, other oilfield services and skilled labour,
royalty regimes and exchange rates, the application of regulatory and licensing requirements, the accuracy of PetroTal’s
geological interpretation of its drilling and land opportunities, current legislation, receipt of required regulatory approval, the
success of future drilling and development activities, the performance of new wells, the Company’s growth strategy, general
economic conditions and availability of required equipment and services. Although the Company believes that the expectations
and assumptions on which the forward‐looking statements are based are reasonable, undue reliance should not be placed on
the forward‐looking statements because the Company can give no assurance that they will prove to be correct. Since forward‐
looking statements address future events and conditions, by their very nature they involve inherent risks and uncertainties.
Actual results could differ materially from those currently anticipated due to a number of factors and risks. These include, but
are not limited to, risks associated with the oil and gas industry in general (e.g., operational risks in development, exploration
and production; delays or changes in plans with respect to exploration or development projects or capital expenditures; the
uncertainty of reserve estimates; the uncertainty of estimates and projections relating to production, costs and expenses; and
health, safety and environmental risks), commodity price volatility, price differentials and the actual prices received for products,
exchange rate fluctuations, legal, political and economic instability in Peru, access to transportation routes and markets for the
Company’s production, changes in legislation affecting the oil and gas industry and uncertainties resulting from potential delays
or changes in plans with respect to exploration or development projects or capital expenditures. In addition, the Company
cautions that current global uncertainty with respect to the spread of the COVID‐19 virus and its effect on the broader global
economy may have a significant negative effect on the Company. While the precise impact of the COVID‐19 virus on the
Company remains unknown, rapid spread of the COVID‐19 virus may continue to have a material adverse effect on global
economic activity, and may continue to result in volatility and disruption to global supply chains, operations, mobility of people
and the financial markets, which could affect interest rates, credit ratings, credit risk, inflation, business, financial conditions,
results of operations and other factors relevant to the Company. Please refer to the risk factors identified in the AIF and MD&A
which are available on SEDAR at www.sedar.com. The forward‐looking statements contained in this press release are made as
of the date hereof and the Company undertakes no obligation to update publicly or revise any forward‐looking statements or
information, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, unless so required by applicable securities laws.

FOFI DISCLOSURE: This press release contains future‐oriented financial information and financial outlook information
(collectively, “FOFI”) about PetroTal’s prospective results of operations, production, NPV‐10, future net revenue, future
development costs, temporary shut down of operations, the anticipated resumption of operations, storage capacity, cost
reductions and components thereof, all of which are subject to the same assumptions, risk factors, limitations and qualifications
as set forth in the above paragraphs. FOFI contained in this press release was approved by management as of the date of this
press release and was included for the purpose of providing further information about PetroTal’s anticipated future business
operations. PetroTal disclaims any intention or obligation to update or revise any FOFI contained in this press release, whether
as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, unless required pursuant to applicable law. Readers are cautioned
that the FOFI contained in this press release should not be used for purposes other than for which it is disclosed herein.

PRESENTATION OF OIL AND GAS INFORMATION: The reserves information herein sets forth PetroTal's reserves as at December
31, 2019, as presented in the independent reserves report prepared by NSAI, in accordance with the standards contained in the
Canadian Oil and Gas Evaluation Handbook (the "COGE Handbook") and the reserve definitions contained in National
Instrument 51‐101 ‐ Standards of Disclosure for Oil and Gas Activities ("NI 51‐101"). In addition to the summary information
disclosed in this announcement and the press release dated February 18, 2020, more detailed information is included in the AIF.
This press release contains metrics commonly used in the oil and natural gas industry, such as operating netbacks (calculated
on a per unit basis as oil revenues less royalties and barging, pipeline and lifting costs). These terms have been calculated by
management and do not have a standardized meaning and may not be comparable to similar measures presented by other
companies, and therefore should not be used to make such comparisons. Management uses these oil and gas metrics for its
own performance measurements and to provide shareholders with measures to compare PetroTal’s operations over time. All
oil and gas disclosure contained in this press release complies with the requirements of NI 51‐101. The term original oil in place
(OOIP) is equivalent to total petroleum initially in place (“TPIIP”). TPIIP, as defined in the Canadian Oil and Gas Evaluation
Handbook, is that quantity of petroleum that is estimated to exist in naturally occurring accumulations. It includes that quantity
of petroleum that is estimated, as of a given date, to be contained in known accumulations, prior to production, plus those
estimated quantities in accumulations yet to be discovered. A portion of the TPIIP is considered undiscovered and there is no
certainty that any portion of such undiscovered resources will be discovered. If discovered, there is no certainty that it will be
commercially viable to produce any portion of such undiscovered resources. With respect to the portion of the TPIIP that is
considered discovered resources, there is no certainty that it will be commercially viable to produce any portion of such
discovered resources. A significant portion of the estimated volumes of TPIIP will never be recovered.

Neither the TSX Venture Exchange nor its Regulation Services Provider (as that term is defined in the policies of the TSX
Venture Exchange) accepts responsibility for the adequacy or accuracy of this press release.
               TSXV:TAL / AIM: PTAL




AUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the years ended December 31, 2019 and 2018
TABLE OF CONTENTS


1. Management’s report …………………………………………………………………………………………………….                           3
2. Independent auditor’s report …………………………………………………………………………………………                       4
3. Consolidated balance sheets…………………………………………………………………………………………..                       7
4. Consolidated statements of earnings (loss) and comprehensive income (loss)………………..    8
5. Consolidated statements of changes in equity………………………………………………………………..                9
6. Consolidated statements of cash flows ………………………………….………………………………….…..                10
7. Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements ………………….………………………………………..             11




                                                  2
MANAGEMENT’S REPORT

The accompanying audited Consolidated Financial Statements and all information in the management discussion and analysis and notes
to the Consolidated Financial Statements are the responsibility of management. The Consolidated Financial Statements were prepared
by management in accordance with International Accounting Standards outlined in the notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements.
Other financial information appearing throughout the report is presented on a basis consistent with the Consolidated Financial
Statements.

Management maintains appropriate systems of internal controls. Policies and procedures are designed to give reasonable assurance that
transactions are appropriately authorized, assets are safeguarded, and financial records properly maintained to provide reliable
information for the presentation of Consolidated Financial Statements.

The Audit Committee meets quarterly with management and the independent auditors to review auditing matters, financial reporting
issues, and to satisfy itself that all parties are properly discharging their responsibilities. The Audit Committee also reviews the
Consolidated Financial Statements, the management’s discussion and analysis of financial results, and the independent auditor’s report.
The Audit Committee reports its findings to the Board of Directors for its approval of the Consolidated Financial Statements for issuance
to the shareholders.

The Consolidated Financial Statements have been audited, on behalf of the shareholders, by the Company’s independent auditors, in
accordance with Canadian generally accepted auditing standards. Independent auditor has full and free access to the Audit Committee.




Signed “Manuel Pablo Zuniga-Pflucker”                                           Signed “Douglas Urch”
Manuel Pablo Zuniga-Pflucker                                                    Douglas Urch
Chief Executive Officer                                                         Chief Financial Officer




June 15, 2020




                                                                   3
                                                                                        Deloitte LLP
                                                                                        700, 850 2 Street SW
                                                                                        Calgary, AB T2P 0R8
                                                                                        Canada

                                                                                        Tel: 403-267-1700
                                                                                        Fax: 587-774-5379
                                                                                        www.deloitte.ca




Independent Auditor’s Report

To the Shareholders of PetroTal Corp.

Opinion
We have audited the consolidated financial statements of PetroTal Corp. (the “Company”), which comprise
the consolidated balance sheets as at December 31, 2019 and 2018, and the consolidated statements of
earnings (loss) and comprehensive income (loss), statements of changes in equity and statements of cash
flows for the years then ended, and notes to the consolidated financial statements, including a summary of
significant accounting policies (collectively referred to as the “financial statements”).

In our opinion, the accompanying financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial
position of the Company as at December 31, 2019 and 2018, and its financial performance and its cash
flows for the years then ended in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards (“IFRS”).

Basis for Opinion
We conducted our audit in accordance with Canadian generally accepted auditing standards (“Canadian
GAAS”). Our responsibilities under those standards are further described in the Auditor’s Responsibilities
for the Audit of the Financial Statements section of our report. We are independent of the Company in
accordance with the ethical requirements that are relevant to our audit of the financial statements in
Canada, and we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with these requirements. We
believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our
opinion.

Other Information
Management is responsible for the other information. The other information comprises of Management’s
Discussion and Analysis.

Our opinion on the financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not and will not
express any form of assurance conclusion thereon. In connection with our audit of the financial
statements, our responsibility is to read the other information identified above and, in doing so, consider
whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the financial statements or our knowledge
obtained in the audit, or otherwise appears to be materially misstated.

We obtained Management’s Discussion and Analysis prior to the date of this auditor’s report. If, based on
the work we have performed on this other information, we conclude that there is a material misstatement
of this other information, we are required to report that fact in this auditor’s report. We have nothing to
report in this regard.




                                                    4
Responsibilities of Management and Those Charged with Governance for the Financial
Statements
Management is responsible for the preparation and fair presentation of the financial statements in
accordance with IFRS, and for such internal control as management determines is necessary to enable the
preparation of financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or
error.

In preparing the financial statements, management is responsible for assessing the Company’s ability to
continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the
going concern basis of accounting unless management either intends to liquidate the Company or to cease
operations, or has no realistic alternative but to do so.

Those charged with governance are responsible for overseeing the Company’s financial reporting process.

Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Financial Statements
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements as a whole are
free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that
includes our opinion. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an
audit conducted in accordance with Canadian GAAS will always detect a material misstatement when it
exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in the
aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the
basis of these financial statements.

As part of an audit in accordance with Canadian GAAS, we exercise professional judgment and maintain
professional skepticism throughout the audit. We also:

   •   Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to
       fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit
       evidence that is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not
       detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error,
       as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override
       of internal control.
   •   Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit
       procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an
       opinion on the effectiveness of the Company’s internal control.
   •   Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting
       estimates and related disclosures made by management.
   •   Conclude on the appropriateness of management’s use of the going concern basis of accounting
       and, based on the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events
       or conditions that may cast significant doubt on the Company’s ability to continue as a going
       concern. If we conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are required to draw attention in our
       auditor’s report to the related disclosures in the financial statements or, if such disclosures are
       inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to
       the date of our auditor’s report. However, future events or conditions may cause the Company to
       cease to continue as a going concern.
   •   Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the financial statements, including the
       disclosures, and whether the financial statements represent the underlying transactions and
       events in a manner that achieves fair presentation.
   •   Obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of the entities or
       business activities within the Company to express an opinion on the financial statements. We are
       responsible for the direction, supervision and performance of the group audit. We remain solely
       responsible for our audit opinion.

We communicate with those charged with governance regarding, among other matters, the planned scope
and timing of the audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal
control that we identify during our audit.




                                                   5
We also provide those charged with governance with a statement that we have complied with relevant
ethical requirements regarding independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other
matters that may reasonably be thought to bear on our independence, and where applicable, related
safeguards.

The engagement partner on the audit resulting in this independent auditor’s report is David Langlois.

/s/ Deloitte LLP

Chartered Professional Accountants
Calgary, Alberta
June 15, 2020




                                                   6
7
8
9
10
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     For the years ended December 31, 2019 and 2018. All amounts are stated in thousands of United States Dollars ($) unless otherwise
     indicated.

1.       CORPORATE INFORMATION

     PetroTal Corp. formerly Sterling Resources Ltd, (the “Company” or “PetroTal”) is a publicly-traded energy company incorporated and
     domiciled in Canada. The Company is engaged in the exploration, appraisal and development of crude oil and natural gas in Peru, South
     America. The Company’s registered office is located at 4300 Bankers Hall West, 888 –3rd Street S.W., Calgary, Alberta, Canada.

     These Consolidated Financial Statements (the “Financial Statements”) have been prepared on a going concern basis, which assumes that
     the Company will continue its operations for the foreseeable future and will be able to realize its assets and discharge its liabilities in the
     normal course of business.

     The Company evaluated subsequent events (Note 21) and transactions that occurred after the balance sheet date up to the date that the
     Financial Statements were issued. Management is currently evaluating the impact of the pandemic on the industry and has concluded
     that while it is reasonably possible that the virus could have a negative effect of the Company’s financial position, results of its operations,
     the specific impact is not readily determinable as of the date of these Financial Statements. The Financial Statements do not include any
     adjustment that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty.

     These Financial Statements were approved for issuance by the Company’s Board of Directors on June 15, 2020, on the recommendation
     of the Audit Committee.

2.       BASIS OF PREPARATION

     STATEMENT OF COMPLIANCE

     The Company prepares its annual Financial Statements in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards (“IFRS”).

     BASIS OF MEASUREMENT

     These Financial Statements have been prepared on a historical cost basis except for certain financial instruments that have been measured
     at fair value. In addition, these Financial Statements have been prepared using the accrual basis of accounting.

     PRINCIPLES OF CONSOLIDATION

     The Company’s Financial Statements comprise the Financial Statements of the Company and the wholly-owned group of companies. The
     Financial Statements of the subsidiaries are prepared for the same reporting period as the parent company’s, using consistent accounting
     practices.

     Inter-company balances and transactions, and any unrealized gains arising from inter-company transactions with the Company’s
     subsidiaries, are eliminated on consolidation.

     The entities included in the Company’s Financial Statements are PetroTal Corp. and its 100% owned subsidiaries PetroTal USA Corp.,
     PetroTal LLC, PetroTal Energy International (Peru) Holdings B.V., PetroTal Peru B.V., Petrolifera Petroleum Del Peru S.R.L. and PetroTal
     Peru S.R.L.

     RECLASSIFICATION

     The Company has reclassified its operating expenses to separate out the transportation component from operating expenses and present
     it separately. The Company has made this change to reflect how management views the performance and disclosure of its operations.
     The Company has reclassified these costs in the consolidated statements of earnings (loss) and comprehensive income (loss). Historical
     results were reclassified to match the current period presentation. This change did not result in a change to income (loss) before taxes or
     cash flows from operations. Management believes the reclassifications described below, now align with the nature of the costs presented
     with the assessment of performance of the company.




                                                                           11
                                                  December 31, 2018                                          December 31, 2018
                                                 Before reclassification         Reclassification            After reclassification
 Operating                                               4,898                       (1,397)                         3,501
 Transportation                                             -                         1,397                          1,397
 General and administrative                              6,180                        1,660                          7,840
 AIM listing costs                                       1,660                       (1,660)                             -

USES OF ACCOUNTING ASSUMPTIONS, ESTIMATES AND JUDGMENTS

The preparation of the Company’s Financial Statements requires management to make judgement, estimates, and assumptions that affect
the application of accounting policies and the reported amount of assets, liabilities, income and expenses. The estimates and associated
assumptions are based on historical experience and other factors that are considered relevant. Actual results may differ from estimates.

The estimates and underlying assumptions are reviewed on an ongoing basis. Revisions to accounting estimates are recognized in the
same period if the revision affects only that period or in the period of the revision and future periods if the revision affects current and
future periods.

Critical judgments in applying accounting policies that have the most significant effect on the amounts recognized in the Financial
Statements are summarized below:

Functional Currency
The functional currency of each of the Company’s entities is the United States dollar, which is the currency of the primary economic
environment in which the entities operate.

Exploration and Evaluation Assets
The accounting for exploration and evaluation (“E&E”) assets requires management to make certain estimates and assumptions, including
whether exploratory wells have discovered economically recoverable quantities of reserves. Designations are sometimes revised as new
information becomes available. If an exploratory well encounters hydrocarbon, but further appraisal activity is required in order to
conclude whether the hydrocarbons are economically recoverable, the well costs remain capitalized as long as sufficient progress is being
made in assessing the economic and operating viability of the well. Criteria used in making this determination include evaluation of the
reservoir characteristics and hydrocarbon properties, expected additional development activities, commercial evaluation and regulatory
matters. The concept of “sufficient progress” is an area of judgment, and it is possible to have exploratory costs remain capitalized for
several years while additional drilling is performed, or the Company seeks government, regulatory or partner approval of development
plans.

Petroleum and natural gas assets are grouped into cash generating units (“CGUs”) identified as having largely independent cash flows and
are geographically integrated. The determination of the CGUs was based on management’s interpretation and judgement.

Impairment Indicators
The Company monitors internal and external indicators of impairment relating to the exploration and evaluation assets. Among others,
the following are the types of indicators used:

    •    The entity’s right to explore in an area has expired during the period or will expire in the near future without renewal;
    •    No further exploration or evaluation work is planned or budgeted in the specific area;
    •    The decision to discontinue exploration and evaluation in an area because of the absence of commercial reserves; or
    •    Sufficient data exists to indicate that the book value will not be fully recovered from future development and production.

The assessment of impairment indicators requires the exercise of judgment. If an impairment indicator exists, then the recoverable
amounts of individual assets are determined based on the higher of value-in-use and fair values less costs of disposal calculations. These
require the use of estimates and assumptions, such as future oil and natural gas prices, discount rates, operating costs, future capital
requirements, decommissioning costs, exploration potential, reserves and operating performance. These estimates and assumptions are
subject to risk and uncertainty. Therefore, there is a possibility that changes in circumstances will impact these projections, which may
impact the recoverable amount of assets and/or CGUs.




                                                                    12
Decommissioning Obligations
Decommissioning obligations will be incurred by the Company at the end of the operating life of wells or supporting infrastructure. The
ultimate asset decommissioning costs and timing are uncertain and cost estimates can vary in response to many factors including changes
to relevant legal and regulatory requirements, the emergence of new restoration techniques, experience at other production sites. As a
result, there could be significant adjustments to the provisions established which would affect future financial results. The expected
amount of expenditure is estimated using a discounted cash flow calculation with a risk-free discount rate. Liabilities for environmental
costs are recognized in the period in which they are incurred, normally when the asset is developed, and the associated costs can be
estimated.

Deferred Tax Assets & Liabilities
The estimation of income taxes includes evaluating the recoverability of deferred tax assets based on an assessment of the Company’s
ability to utilize the underlying future tax deductions against future taxable income prior to expiry of those deductions. Management
assesses whether it is probable that some or all of the deferred income tax assets will not be realized. The ultimate realization of deferred
tax assets is dependent upon the generation of future taxable income, which in turn is dependent upon the successful discovery,
extraction, development and commercialization of oil and gas reserves. To the extent that management’s assessment of the Company’s
ability to utilize future tax deductions changes, the Company would be required to recognize more or fewer deferred tax assets, and
future income tax provisions or recoveries could be affected. The measurement of deferred income tax provision is subject to uncertainty
associated with the timing of future events and changes in legislation, tax rates and interpretations by tax authorities.

Provisions, Commitments and Contingent Liabilities
Amounts recorded as provisions and amounts disclosed as commitments and contingent liabilities are estimated based on the terms of
the related contracts and management’s best knowledge at the time of issuing the Consolidated Financial Statements. The actual results
ultimately may differ from those estimates as future confirming events occur.

SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES

   a.   Cash
        Cash includes deposits held with banks in Canada, the United States and Peru that are available on demand and highly liquid.

   b.   Property, Plant and Equipment
        Property, plant and equipment (“PP&E”) is recorded at cost less accumulated depreciation. Depreciation begins when the asset is
        put into service and is calculated annually using the straight-line method. The cost of maintenance and repairs is charged to
        expense as incurred. The cost of significant renewals and improvements is added to the carrying amount of the respective asset.
        When assets are retired, or otherwise disposed of, the cost and related accumulated depreciation are removed from the balance,
        and any resulting gain or loss is reflected in the consolidated statements of earnings (loss) and comprehensive income (loss).

        When commercial production in an area has commenced, PP&E properties, excluding surface costs are depleted using the unit-
        of-production method over their proved plus probable reserve life. Proved plus probable reserves are determined annually by
        qualified independent reserve engineers. Changes in factors such as estimates of proved plus probable reserves that affect unit-
        of-production calculations are accounted for on a prospective basis.

   c.   Leases
        Effective January 1, 2019 the Company adopted IFRS 16 – Leases, using the modified retrospective approach, which requires the
        cumulative effect of initial application to be recognized in retained earnings. IFRS 16 eliminates the distinction between operating
        and financing leases and provides a single lessee accounting model that requires the lessee to recognize assets and liabilities for
        all leases on its balance sheet. Leases to explore for or use oil or natural gas are specifically excluded from this scope.

        The Company excludes initial direct costs when measuring the amount of right-of-use assets, and apply a single discount rate to
        portfolios of leases with similar characteristics.

   d.   Impairment
        Financial assets carried at amortized cost
        At each reporting date, the Company assesses whether there is objective evidence that a financial asset carried at amortized cost
        is impaired. If such evidence exists, the Company recognizes an impairment loss in net earnings (loss). Impairment losses are
        reversed in subsequent periods if the impairment loss decrease can be related objectively to an event occurring after the
        impairment was recognized.


                                                                     13
     An impairment loss in respect of a financial asset measured at amortized cost is calculated as the difference between its carrying
     amount, and the present value of the estimated future cash flows discounted at the original effective interest rate. Individually
     significant financial assets are tested for impairment on an individual basis. The remaining financial assets are assessed collectively
     in groups that share similar credit risk characteristics.

     Non-financial assets
     At each reporting date, the carrying amounts of the Company’s non-financial assets are reviewed to determine whether there is
     indication of impairment, except for E&E assets, which are reviewed when circumstances indicate impairment may exist. If there
     is indication of impairment, the asset's recoverable amount is estimated and compared to its carrying value. For the purpose of
     impairment testing, assets are grouped together into the smallest group of assets that generate cash inflows from continuing use
     that are largely independent of the cash inflows of other assets or groups of assets (the cash-generating unit). The recoverable
     amount of an asset or a cash-generating unit ("CGU") is the greater of its value in use and its fair value less costs to sell. The
     Company’s CGUs are not larger than a segment. In assessing both fair value less costs to sell and value in use, the estimated future
     cash flows are discounted to their present value using an after-tax discount rate that reflects current market assessments of the
     time value of money and the risks specific to the asset. An impairment loss is recognized if the carrying amount of an asset or its
     CGU (Company has a single segment) exceeds its estimated recoverable amount. Impairment losses are recognized in net earnings
     (loss). Fair value less costs to sell and value in use is generally computed by reference to the present value of the future cash flows
     expected to be derived from production of proved and probable reserves.

     E&E assets are tested for impairment when they are transferred to petroleum properties and also if facts and circumstances
     suggest that the carrying amount of E&E assets may exceed the recoverable amount. Impairment indicators are evaluated at a
     CGU level. Indication of impairment includes:

     1. Expiry or impending expiry of lease with no expectation of renewal
     2. Lack of budget or plans for substantive expenditures on further E&E
     3. Cessation of E&E activities due to a lack of commercially viable discoveries; and
     4. Carrying amounts of E&E assets are unlikely to be recovered in full from a successful development project.

     Impairment losses recognized in prior years are assessed at each reporting date for indication that the loss has decreased or no
     longer exists. An impairment loss may be reversed if there has been a change in the estimates used to determine the recoverable
     amount. An impairment loss is reversed only to the extent that the asset’s carrying amount does not exceed the carrying amount
     that would have been determined, net of depletion and depreciation or amortization, if no impairment loss had been recognized.

e.   Inventory
     Inventory consists of oil crude and supplies to be used in the production and exploration activities, and is measured at the lesser
     of acquisition cost and net realizable value. The cost of oil crude inventory includes all costs incurred in bringing the inventory to
     its storage location. These costs, including operating expenses, royalties, transportation and depletion, are capitalized in the
     ending inventory balance. The cost of the inventory is recognized using the weighted average method.

f.   Financial Instruments
     Effective January 1, 2019, the Company adopted IFRS 9 - Financial Instruments, which replaced IAS 39 Financial Instruments:
     Recognition and Measurement. This standard introduced a single approach to determine whether a financial asset is measured at
     amortized cost or fair value. The approach is based on how an entity manages its financial instruments in the context of its business
     model and the contractual cash flow characteristics of its financial assets. For financial liabilities, IFRS 9 stipulates that where the
     fair value option is applied, the change in fair value resulting from an entity’s own credit risk is recorded in other comprehensive
     income (loss) rather than net earnings (loss), unless this creates an accounting mismatch.

     On initial recognition, financial instruments are measured at fair value. Measurement in subsequent periods depends on the
     classification of the financial instrument:

     • Fair value through profit or loss - subsequently carried at fair value with changes recognized in net earnings (loss).
       Financial instruments under this classification include cash and cash equivalents, and derivative commodity contracts; and
     • Amortized cost - subsequently carried at amortized cost using the effective interest rate method. Financial instruments under
       this classification includes accounts receivable, accounts payable and accrued liabilities and long-term debt.

     IFRS 9 also includes a simplified hedge accounting model, aligning hedge accounting more closely with risk management.
     Derivative instruments are not used for trading or speculative purposes. The Company does not designate financial derivative

                                                                   14
     contracts as effective accounting hedges, and thus does not apply hedge accounting. As a result, the Company's policy is to classify
     all financial derivative contracts at fair value through profit or loss and to record them on the Consolidated Balance Sheet at fair
     value with a corresponding gain or loss in net earnings (loss). Attributable transaction costs are recognized in net earnings (loss)
     when incurred. The estimated fair value of all derivative instruments is based on quoted market prices and/or third party market
     indications and forecasts.

     Embedded derivatives are derivatives embedded in a host contract. They are recorded separately from the host contract when
     their economic characteristics and risks are not closely related to those of the host contract; when the terms of the embedded
     derivatives are the same as those of a freestanding derivative; and when the combined contract is not measured at fair value
     through profit or loss. Refer to Note 14 for the classification and measurement of these financial instruments. Company adopted
     this standard using the modified retrospective approach, whereby the cumulative effect of initial adoption of the standard is
     recognized as an adjustment to retained earnings. There was no effect on the Company's retained earnings or prior period
     amounts as a result of adopting this standard.

     The Company’s financial instruments consist of cash, trade and other receivables, trade and other payables, and derivative
     obligations. These are included in current assets and current liabilities, respectively due to their short-term nature. The Company
     initially measures financial instruments at fair value.

g.   Exploration and Evaluation Assets
     E&E costs are those expenditures for an area where technical feasibility and commercial viability have not yet been determined.
     All costs directly associated with the exploration and evaluation of oil and natural gas reserves are initially capitalized. These costs
     include acquisition costs, exploration costs, geological and geophysical costs, decommissioning costs, E&E drilling, sampling and
     appraisals. Costs incurred prior to acquiring the legal rights to explore an area are expensed as incurred.

     At each reporting date, the carrying amounts of the Company’s exploration and evaluation assets are reviewed to determine
     whether there is any indication that those assets are impaired. If any such indication exists, the recoverable amount of the asset
     is estimated in order to determine the extent of the impairment, if any. The recoverable amount is the higher of fair value less
     costs to sell and value in use. If the recoverable amount of an asset is estimated to be less than its carrying amount, the carrying
     amount of the asset is reduced to its recoverable amount and the impairment loss is recognized in profit or loss for the year. The
     exploration and evaluation phase of a particular project is completed when both the technical feasibility and commercial viability
     of extracting oil or gas are demonstrable for the project or there is no prospect of a positive outcome for the project. Exploration
     and evaluation assets with commercial reserves will be reclassified to development and production assets and the carrying
     amounts will be assessed for impairment and adjusted (if appropriate) to their estimated recoverable amounts.

     When an area is determined to be technically feasible and commercially viable the accumulated costs are transferred to property,
     plant and equipment, where they are depleted. Exploration and evaluation assets are not amortized during the exploration and
     evaluation stage. When an area is determined not to be technically feasible and commercially viable or the Company decides not
     to continue with its activity, the unrecoverable costs are charged to comprehensive income (loss) as impairment of exploration
     and evaluation assets.

h.   Decommissioning Obligations
     The Company recognizes a decommissioning liability in relation to the evaluation and exploration assets and to property, plant
     and equipment, in the period in which a reasonable estimate of the fair value can be made of the statutory, contractual,
     constructive or legal liabilities associated with the retirement of the oil and gas properties, facilities and pipelines. The amount
     recognized is the estimated cost of decommissioning, discounted to its present value using a discount rate. The estimates are
     reviewed periodically. Changes in the provision resulting from changes to the timing of expenditures, costs or risk-free rates are
     dealt with prospectively by recording an adjustment to the provision and a corresponding adjustment to property, plant and
     equipment or exploration and evaluation assets. The unwinding of the discount on the decommissioning provision is charged to
     the consolidated statement of loss and comprehensive loss. Actual costs incurred upon settlement of the obligations are charged
     against the provision to the extent of the liability recorded and the remaining balance of the actual costs is recorded in the
     consolidated income statement.

i.   Income Taxes
     Income tax expense is comprised of current and deferred tax. Current tax and deferred tax are recognized in net income or loss
     except to the extent that it relates to a business combination or items recognized directly in equity or in other comprehensive
     income or loss. Current income taxes are recognized for the estimated income taxes payable or receivable on taxable income or
     loss for the current year and any adjustment to income taxes payable in respect of previous years.

                                                                   15
     Current income taxes are determined using tax rates and tax laws that have been enacted or substantively enacted by the year-
     end date. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized where the carrying amount of an asset or liability differs from its tax
     base, except for taxable temporary differences arising on the initial recognition of goodwill and temporary differences arising on
     the initial recognition of an asset or liability in a transaction which is not a business combination and at the time of the transaction
     affects neither accounting nor taxable profit or loss. Recognition of deferred tax assets for unused tax losses, tax credits and
     deductible temporary differences is restricted to those instances where it is probable that future taxable profit will be available
     against which the deferred tax asset can be utilized. At the end of each reporting period the Company reassesses unrecognized
     deferred tax assets. The Company recognizes a previously unrecognized deferred tax asset to the extent that it has become
     probable that future taxable profit will allow the deferred tax asset to be recovered.

j.   Revenue Recognition
     Effective January 1, 2018, Company adopted IFRS 15 Revenue from Contracts with Customers, which replaced IAS 18 Revenue, IAS
     11 Construction Contracts and related interpretations. This standard established a comprehensive framework for determining
     whether, how much and when revenue from contracts with customers is recognized. Under IFRS 15, revenue is recognized when
     a customer obtains control of the good or services as stipulated in a performance obligation. Determining whether the timing of
     the transfer of control is at a point in time or over time requires judgement and can significantly affect when revenue is recognized.
     In addition, the entity must also determine the transaction price and apply it correctly to the goods or services contained in the
     performance obligation.

     The Company's revenue is derived exclusively from contracts with customers. Revenue associated with the sale of crude oil and
     gas is measured based on the consideration specified in contracts with customers. Revenue from contracts with customers is
     recognized when the Company satisfies a performance obligation by transferring a good or service to a customer. A good or service
     is transferred when the customer obtains control of the good or service. The transfer of control of oil and gas usually coincides
     with title passing to the customer and the customer taking physical possession. Company mainly satisfies its performance
     obligations at a point in time and the amounts of revenue recognized relating to performance obligations satisfied over time are
     not significant.

     Revenues from the sale of crude oil and gas are recognized by reference to actual volumes delivered at contracted delivery points
     and prices. Prices are determined by reference to quoted market prices in active markets, adjusted according to specific terms
     and conditions applicable per the sales contracts. Revenues are recognized prior to the deduction of transportation costs.
     Revenues are measured at the fair value of the consideration received.

     Company adopted this standard using the modified retrospective approach, whereby the cumulative effect of initial adoption of
     the standard is recognized as an adjustment to retained earnings. There was no effect on the Company's retained earnings or
     prior period amounts as a result of adopting this standard.

k.   Share Capital
     Common shares are classified as equity. Incremental costs directly attributable to the issue of common shares are recognized as
     a deduction from equity.

l.   Foreign Currency Translation
     Transactions in foreign currencies are initially translated into the functional currency using the exchange rate on the transaction
     date. Foreign exchange gains and losses resulting from the settlement of such transactions and from the translation at period-end
     exchange rates of monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies are recognized in the income statement.
     Each subsidiary in the group is measured using the currency of the primary economic environment in which the entity operates,
     which is its functional currency.

m. Earnings per Share
   The Company presents basic and diluted earnings per share (“EPS”) data for its common shares (the “Common Shares”). Basic EPS
   is calculated by dividing the net profit or loss attributable to common shareholders of the Company by the weighted average
   number of Common Shares outstanding during the period. Diluted EPS is determined by dividing the net profit or loss attributable
   to common shareholders by the weighted average number of Common Shares outstanding during the year, plus the weighted
   average number of Common Shares that would be issued on conversion of all dilutive potential Common Shares into Common
   Shares. Those potential Common Shares comprise share options granted.




                                                                   16
        n.   Fair Value Measurements
             Financial instruments recorded at fair value in the consolidated balance sheet (or for which fair value is disclosed in the notes to
             the Consolidated Financial Statements) are categorized based on the fair value hierarchy of inputs. The three levels in the hierarchy
             are described below:

              Level I
              Quoted prices are available in active markets for identical assets or liabilities as of the reporting date. Active markets are those
              in which transactions occur in sufficient frequency and volume to provide continuous pricing information.

              Level II
              Pricing inputs are other than quoted prices in active markets included in Level I. Prices in Level II are either directly or indirectly
              observable as of the reporting date. Level II valuations are based on inputs, including quoted forward for commodities, time
              value, credit risk and volatility factors, which can be substantially observed or corroborated in the marketplace

              Level III
              Valuations are made using inputs for the asset or liability that are not based on observable market data. The Company uses
              Level III inputs for fair value measurements in inputs such as commodity prices in impairment assessments.

3.       NEW ACCOUNTING STANDARDS AND INTERPRETATIONS

     Amendments to IFRS 3 – “Business Combinations” – Definition of a Business (“IFRS 3”)
     The Company elected to early adopt the amendments to IFRS 3 effective January 1, 2019, which will be applied prospectively to
     acquisitions that occur on or after January 1, 2019. The amendments introduce an optional concentration test, narrow the definitions of
     a business and outputs, and clarify that an acquired set of activities and assets must include an input and a substantive process that
     together significantly contribute to the ability to create outputs. These amendments do not result in changes to the Company’s accounting
     policies of applying the acquisition method.

     NEW ACCOUNTING STANDARDS ISSUED BUT NOT EFFECTIVE

     New accounting standards and interpretations were issued and are mandatory for accounting periods after December 31, 2019. Certain
     of the new accounting standards and interpretations, which are not expected to have a significant impact on the Company’s Financial
     Statements upon adoption, are as follows:

         •    Conceptual framework for financial reporting, and
         •    Amendments to IAS 1 – Presentation of Financial Statements and IAS 8 – Accounting policies changes in accounting estimates
              and errors, definition of material.

4.       CASH

     The following table sets out cash balances held in different currencies:




                                                                           17
5.       EXPLORATION AND EVALUATION ASSETS

     The following table sets out a continuity of the Exploration and Evaluation Assets:




     The rights to explore and exploit Block 133 have been returned and accepted by Petroperu S.A. in August 2019. Management of the
     Company considers Block 133 value to be zero. The net book value of the Block 133 was fully expensed during the third quarter 2019
     ($447).

6.       PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT




     For the twelve months ended December 31, 2019, $471 of the depreciation, depletion and amortization expense was recorded as
     inventory (December 31, 2018: $136).

     The Company determined there were no indicators of impairment of the property, plant and equipment balance at December 31, 2019.

7.       VAT RECEIVABLE




     Valued Added Tax (VAT) in Peru is levied on the purchase of goods and services and is recoverable on sales of goods and services. The
     Company recovered $10,400 during 2019 and expects to recover $12,747 in the short term based on its estimated oil sales.




                                                                         18
8.       TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES




     As at December 31, 2019, trade receivables represent revenue related to the sale of crude oil and payments were received in January
     2020. No credit losses on the Company’s trade accounts have been incurred.

9.       TRADE AND OTHER PAYABLES




     As at December 31, 2019, trade payables and accruals are primarily related to the drilling and completion campaign of the Company’s
     five wells, as well as construction of new production processing facilities.

10.      ADVANCES AND PREPAID EXPENSES




     As at December 31, 2019, prepaid expenses are related to rent, insurances and prepaid services (consultants and other professional
     services) related to the Company’s activities to obtain debt and capital for projects in course.

11.      DECOMMISSIONING OBLIGATIONS




     The Company has estimated undiscounted decommissioning liabilities to be $21,591. The net present value of its estimated
     decommissioning liabilities is $17,562, which includes an addition of $10,176 related to the construction of production facilities and drilling
     campaign of the Company in the Bretaña oil field, and a revision of $3,804 based upon a change in the un-risked interest rate. The present
     value of the obligations was calculated using an average risk-free rate of 3.3 percent (December 31, 2018: 4.7 percent) to reflect the
     market assessment of the time value of money as well as risks specific to the liabilities that have not been included in the cash flow
     estimates. The inflation rate used in determining the cash flow estimates ranges from 1.9 percent to 2.0 percent (December 31, 2018:
     1.9 to 2.1 percent). The table above sets out the continuity of decommissioning obligations.




                                                                           19
12.   INVENTORY




  Product inventory consists of the Company's crude oil barrels, which are valued at the lower of cost or net realizable value. Costs include
  operating expenses, royalties, transportation and depletion associated with crude oil barrels. Costs capitalized as inventory will be
  expensed when the inventory is sold. As at December 31, 2019, crude inventory balance of $1,549 consists of 93,767 barrels of crude oil
  valued at $16.52 per barrel (December 31, 2018: $178 – 5,552 barrels at $32.18 per barrel). Materials and supplies, including diluent,
  are expected to be consumed in the short-term.

13.   REVENUES NET OF ROYALTY

  The Company’s oil production revenue is determined pursuant to the terms of the revenue agreements. The transaction price for crude
  is based on the commodity price in the month of production, adjusted for quality, allowable deductions and other factors. Commodity
  prices are based on market indices.




14.   FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS




  The table above details the Company’s carrying value and fair value of financial instruments including cash, trade and other receivables,
  lease liabilities, and trade and other payables, all of which are classified as financial and reported at amortized cost.
  The Company is exposed to various financial risks arising from normal-course business exposure. These risks include market risks relating
  to foreign exchange rate fluctuations and commodity price risk as well as liquidity.

  COMMODITY PRICE DERIVATIVES
  The embedded derivative liability is classified as Level 2 fair value measurement. The service contract for transport of liquid hydrocarbons
  of the North-Peruvian Oil Pipeline (“ONP”) and Petroperu Saramuro agreements signed with Petroperu during 2019, include a clause to
  adjust the risk of volatility of the international price of crude oil during the period in which Petroperu provides the service of crude oil
  usage and until the Company returns the full amount of the volumes that were delivered in advance. The price compensation is based
  on the 2 day average Brent oil price marker quotes (Brent Platts and Brent ICE) to the points of shipment and returns. In case the average
  price shipment is greater than the average price return, the Company will compensate Petroperu an amount equivalent to the difference
  between both averages, multiplied by the volume sold or arranged by Petroperu. If the average price shipment is lower than the average
  price return, the Company will be compensated by Petroperu.

  The fair value of the embedded derivative, considering an average future Brent price marker differential, was recorded as a loss on
  commodity price derivatives at December 31, 2019.




                                                                      20
Subsequent to December 31, 2019, 2.1 million barrels of oil have been delivered to and sold into the ONP, and remain in the pipeline or
storage tanks, awaiting final sale by Petroperu and are subject to the same settlement terms as noted above in the ONP contract.

FOREIGN EXCHANGE RATE RISK
The Company’s functional currency is the United States dollar. Foreign exchange gains or losses can occur on translation of working capital
denominated in currencies other than the functional currency of the jurisdiction which holds the working capital item. Excluding the impact
of changes in the cross-rates, a one percent fluctuation in translation rates would have nil impact on net income or loss, based on foreign
currency balances held at December 31, 2019.

LIQUIDITY RISK
Liquidity risk is the risk that an entity will encounter difficulty in meeting obligations associated with its financial liabilities. The Company
has no debt or loans with financial institutions. While the decrease in commodity prices as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic will negatively
impact the Company’s financial performance and position, the subsequent events disclosed in Note 21 provides the Company with financial
flexibility and the ability to meet obligations as they become due. The Company’s liquidity risk is impacted by current and future commodity
prices. If required, the Company will also consider additional short-term financing or issuing equity in order to meet its future liabilities.
Declines in future commodity prices could affect the Company’s ability to fund ongoing operations. The current challenging economic
climate is having and may continue to have significant adverse impacts on the Company including, but not exclusively:

    •    material declines in revenue and cash flows as a result of the decline in commodity prices;
    •    declines in revenue and operating activities due to reduced capital programs and the shut-in of production;
    •    inability to access financing sources;
    •    increased risk of non-performance by the Company’s customers and suppliers; and
    •    interruptions in operations as the Company adjusts personnel to the dynamic environment.

The situation is dynamic and the ultimate duration and magnitude of the impact on the economy and the financial effect on the Company
is not known at this time. Estimates and judgments made by management in the preparation of the financial statements are increasingly
difficult and subject to a higher degree of measurement uncertainty during this volatile period.

CREDIT RISK
Credit risk is the risk that a customer or counterparty will fail to perform an obligation or fail to pay amounts due causing a financial loss
to the Company. The Company’s VAT is primarily for sales tax credits on exploration and evaluation expenses incurred in prior years.
These credits will be applied to future oil development activities or recovered as per the sale tax recovery legislation currently in effect.
The majority of the Company’s trade receivable balances relate to crude oil sales. The Company’s policy is to enter into agreements with
customers that are well established and well financed entities in the oil and gas industry such that the level of risk is mitigated. The
Company has not experienced any material credit losses in the collection of its trade receivables.

Impairment to a financial asset is only recorded when there is objective evidence of impairment and the loss event has an impact on
future cash flow and can be reliably estimated. Evidence of impairment may include default or delinquency by a debtor or indicators that
the debtor may enter bankruptcy. Management believes that there is no risk on the recoverability and or applicability of the sales tax
credits. Therefore, no impairment to the carrying value of these assets has been estimated. The Company has deposited its cash and cash
equivalents with reputable financial institutions, with which management believes the risk of loss to be remote. The maximum credit
exposure associated with financial assets is their carrying value. At December 31, 2019, the cash and cash equivalents were held with
seven different institutions from three countries, mitigating the credit risk of a collapse of one particular bank.


                                                                       21
15.   SHARE CAPITAL

  Authorized share capital consists of an unlimited number of common shares without nominal or par value. The holders of common shares
  are entitled to one vote per share and are entitled to receive dividends as recommended by the Board of Directors.




  In June 2019, the Company raised additional equity of $25.5 million gross ($23.7 million net of fees) by the issuance of 133.3 million
  common shares and had agents warrants exercised and converted into 1.1 million common shares for net proceeds of $0.2 million.

  DIVIDEND DECLARED

  The Company did not declare any cash dividends or distributions on common shares in prior years. On December 12, 2019, the Company
  declared an interim dividend of Canadian Dollars (“CAD$”) 0.0017 cash for each common share to be paid to shareholders on January 20,
  2020, representing in aggregate a total dividend payment of approximately CAD$1.1 million ($0.9 million). The dividend declared was paid
  in January 2020.

  PERFORMANCE WARRANTS

  The performance warrants had an exercise price of $0.187 per share and vested upon achievement of certain oil production targets,
  within a specified period. Each warrant will be adjusted as to the number of shares to be issued on the exercise date and the exercise
  price of the warrant. As of December 31, 2019, all the warrants have vested. The following table sets out a continuity of outstanding
  performance warrants:




  AGENTS’ WARRANTS

  As compensation for the services rendered in connection with the brokered private placement offering, the Agents received warrants
  which entitled the holder to purchase one common share of the Company at an exercisable price of $0.187 per converted Agents’ warrant
  in June 2019. The following table sets out a continuity of outstanding performance warrants:




  SHARE-BASED COMPENSATION

  The Company granted performance share units (“PSUs”) to employees and deferred share units (“DSUs”) to directors of the Company.
  The grant date fair value of performance share units (“PSUs”) granted to employees is recognized as share-based compensation expense
  with a corresponding increase in contributed surplus over the vesting period. The Company granted PSUs to employees in accordance of
  the provisions of the Company’s PSU plan. The PSUs either vest after three years or equally over three years and each PSU will entitle the
  holder to acquire between zero and two common shares of the Company, subject to the achievement of performance conditions relating
  to the Company’s total shareholder return, net asset value and certain production and operational milestones. The company determined

                                                                     22
the fair value of the PSUs through a combination of Black-Scholes and a probability weighted model. The following table details the terms
of the PSUs outstanding as at December 31, 2019:




The Board of Directors, after reviewing the Company’s total shareholder return, net asset value and certain production and operational
milestones, has determined that the units exchangeable for up to one share will be issued one share per unit, and that the units
exchangeable for up to two shares will be issued 1.575 shares per unit (2018 Plan: 1.334).

The following assumptions were used for the Black-Scholes valuation of the PSUs granted:




For the year ended December 31, 2019, the Company recognized $0.4 million of share-based compensation expense in general and
administrative expense (December 31, 2018: $0.1 million).

The Company issued an aggregate of 1,357,299 DSUs pursuant to the Company’s DSU plan to the directors of the Company. The DSUs
vest immediately and may only be redeemed upon a holder ceasing to be a director of PetroTal. No common shares will be issued under
the DSU plan; all DSUs granted are settled in cash. The DSUs are valued at the closing share price on the reporting date. At December 31,
2019, $0.4 million was included in accounts payable relating to the DSUs.

For the year ended December 31, 2019, the Company recognized $0.3 million of DSU expense in general and administrative expense and
contributed surplus (December 31, 2018: $0.1 million).

The following table details the PSU and DSU activity:




16.   FINANCIAL EXPENSES




                                                                   23
17.   TAXES

The Company utilizes the liability method of accounting for income taxes. Under the liability method, deferred tax assets and liabilities
are recognized using enacted tax rates for the effect of temporary differences between the book and tax bases of recorded assets and
liabilities.

Deferred tax assets are reduced by a valuation allowance if it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the net deferred tax assets
will not be realized. The Company’s ability to realize deferred tax assets is assessed throughout the year and a valuation allowance is
established, if required. The Company recognizes the impact of a tax position only if it is more likely than not to be sustained upon
examination based on the technical merits of the position.

The Company also routinely assesses potential uncertain tax positions and, if required, establishes accruals for such amounts, including
interest where appropriate. The Company recognizes a tax benefit from an uncertain tax position when it is more likely than not that the
position will be sustained upon examination, based on the technical merits of the position.

The Company’s effective tax rate is impacted each year by the relative pre-tax income (loss) earned by the Company’s operations in
Canada, U.S., Peru and the rest of the world. The Company is subject to statutory tax rates of 21% in the U.S., 28% in Canada and 32% in
Peru (exploration activities of the Company in Peru are subject to a 30% statutory tax rate plus 2% in accordance with Law 27343). The
Company files federal income tax returns as well as local income tax returns in the various jurisdictions.




The movement in deferred income tax balances is as follows:




The valuation allowance primarily relates to Canadian and Peruvian net operating loss carryforwards, which reduces the Company’s net
deferred tax asset to an amount that will more likely than not be realized within the carryforward period. In Peru the tax loss carry-
forward related to Block 95 will expire in four years for a total of $144 million losses. In Canada non-capital losses can be carried forward
for twenty years for a total of $47 million losses. For US losses of $3 million arising in taxable years ending in 2018 and later, there is
generally no carryback period, and the carryover period starts with the taxable year following the loss and continues indefinitely.

The Company has a tax rate in each of the three license contracts of 32 percent; however, due to accumulated tax losses, the Company
only expects to pay the two percent tax on revenue that is recoverable against any future tax payable. The balance of the two percent
tax that is recoverable against any future tax payable at December 31, 2019 was $0.2 million (December 31, 2018: $0.1 million) and is
included in other receivables.

18.   RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS

The Company had no related party transactions or off-balance sheet arrangements. The Company’s key management is considered to
the Directors and Officers.




                                                                     24
19.   COMMITMENTS

As of December 31, 2019 , lease liabilities recorded in the book for $309, has the following minimum year payments under its office lease:
      Year                                                                                                                Amount
      2020                                                                                                                     94
      2021                                                                                                                     97
      2022                                                                                                                    101
      2023                                                                                                                     40
    Thereafter                                                                                                                  -
     Total                                                                                                                    332
IFRS 16 was applied by the Company and as such, booked a right-of-use asset relating to the head office lease of $0.4 million (balance net
of amortization of $0.3 million at December 31, 2019) and included in property, plant and equipment, with a corresponding increase to
lease obligations. The lease obligation was calculated using an average risk-free rate of 4.69 percent.

As of December 31, 2019, the Company holds the following letters of credit guaranteeing its commitments in the exploration blocks:

 Block      Beneficiary         Amount      Commitment                                                         Expiration
 107        Perupetro S.A.      $1,500      1st exploration well, minimum work 5th exploratory period          December 2021
 107        Perupetro S.A.      $1,500      2nd exploration well, minimum work 5th exploratory period          December 2021
                                $3,000

20.   CAPITAL STRUCTURE

The Company’s objective when managing its capital is to ensure it has sufficient funds to maintain its ongoing operations, to pursue the
acquisition of oil and gas properties, and to maintain a flexible capital structure that optimizes the cost of capital at an acceptable risk.
The Company manages its capital structure and adjusts it according to the funds available to the Company, to support the exploration
and development of its interests in its existing oil and gas properties, and to pursue other opportunities as they arise.

The Company defines its capital as follows:




21.   SUBSEQUENT EVENTS

Subsequent to the year-end, on March 11, 2020, the World Health Organization characterized the outbreak of a strain of the novel
coronavirus (COVID-19) as a pandemic which has resulted in a series of public health and emergency measures that have been put in place
to combat the spread of the virus. In May 2020, the Company was notified by Petroperu, the operator of Peru’s ONP that it has temporarily
shut down the pipeline as a result of a directive from the Peruvian government intended to combat the spread of COVID-19 in the
communities adjacent to the pipeline operations. The directive states that no employees over the age of 65 or with serious chronic
diseases should be working in the high-risk regions of Peru. In conjunction with the pipeline shut-down, the Company shut-in operations
at the Bretaña oilfield. The duration and impact of COVID-19 is unknown at this time and it is not possible to reliably estimate the impact
that the length and severity of these developments will have on the financial results and condition of the Company in future periods.




                                                                     25
Significant declines in crude oil spot prices and in the equity markets have occurred for various reasons linked to the pandemic and other
conditions impacting worldwide oil prices. The impairment tests for the Company’s oil assets are based on fair value less costs of disposals.
In accordance with IFRS, the Company has not reflected these subsequent conditions in the recoverable amount estimates of the oil assets
as at December 31, 2019. Impairment indicators for the Company’s oil assets exist at March 31, 2020 due to significant declines in
forecasted oil prices from December 31, 2019 to March 31, 2020.

On a monthly basis, the Company tracks the impact of fluctuating oil prices on volumes sold under both the Swap Contract and Sales
Contract, as a commodity derivative and, as a result of the recent drastic drop in oil prices, the contingent liability accruing under these
contracts is approximately $18 million and $24 million, respectively, at the end of March 2020. Given the current ONP timetable, it is
expected that oil delivered pursuant to the Swap Contract will be sold by Petroperu in Q3 2020, and oil delivered pursuant to the Sales
Contract will be sold by Petroperu commencing in Q4 2020. Under the terms of the Sales Contract, the Company is required to settle this
contingent liability when the balance exceeds $10 million.

On June 11, 2020, the Company entered into a contract with Petroperu to crystallize the contingent liability to be paid over a three-year
period in equal instalments with an interest rate of approximately 7%. The agreement is secured by the Company’s assets. The Company
remains exposed to fluctuations in the commodity price from the crystallization date of June 2020 and will realize the benefit or loss of
fluctuations in the commodity price when the oil is delivered as described above.

On June 12, 2020, the Company entered into a broker agreement to place 141.2 million of placing units, raising gross proceeds of
approximately $18 million (at 10 pence per unit). Each placing unit will be comprised of one common share and one half of one warrant
allowing the subscriber to purchase additional shares within 36 months at 16 pence/share upon presentation of a full warrant.




                                                                     26
               TSXV:TAL / AIM: PTAL




 MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
For the years ended December 31, 2019 and 2018
TABLE OF CONTENTS

1. Corporate overview ……………………………………………………………………………………………………….………                3
2. Overview and selected annual information...……………………………………………………..…………………..    4
3. 2019 Highlights……………………………………………………………………………………………………………………….                 4
4. Outlook and growth strategy ..…………………...………………..………………………………………………………..       5
5. Selected financial information…………………………………………………………………………………………………           6
6. 2019 Reserve Report………………………. ……………………………………………………………………..…….……….            12
7. Significant judgements and estimates ……………………………………………………………………..…….………      14
8. Subsequent events …………………………………………………………………………………………………………………                15
9. Related party transactions and taxes ……………………………………….……..……………………………………..    15
10. Contractual obligations and commitments………………………………………………………………………………       16
11. Forward-looking statements and business risks ………………………………………………………………………   16




                                          2
MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

This Management’s Discussion and Analysis (“MD&A”) of the operating results and financial condition of PetroTal Corp. (“PetroTal” or the
“Company”) for the years ended December 31, 2019 and 2018, is dated June 15, 2020, and should be read in conjunction with the
Company’s audited Consolidated Financial Statements (the “Financial Statements”) for the twelve months ended December 31, 2019 and
2018. The audited Financial Statements were prepared by management in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards
(“IFRS”) issued by the International Accounting Standards Board, which are also generally accepted accounting principles (“GAAP”) for
publicly accountable enterprises in Canada.

Financial figures throughout this MD&A are stated in thousands of United States dollars (“$” or “USD”) unless otherwise indicated. This
MD&A contains forward-looking statements that should be read in conjunction with the Company's disclosure under “Forward- Looking
Statements and Business Risks”.

1. CORPORATE OVERVIEW

PetroTal is a publicly-traded (TSXV: TAL and AIM: PTAL), international oil and gas company incorporated and domiciled in Canada. Through
its two subsidiaries in Peru, the Company is currently engaged in the ongoing development of hydrocarbons in Block 95 with a focus on
the development of, and production from the Bretaña oil field. Additionally, the Company has exploration prospects and leads in Block
107.

During 2017, the Company completed a plan of arrangement (the Reverse Takeover “RTO”) with Sterling Resources Ltd. pursuant to which
Sterling acquired all of the shares of PetroTal LLC and, once amalgamated, continued as one operation under the name of Sterling
Resources Ltd. The name of the Company was changed in June 2018 to PetroTal Corp. The Company acquired 100% of the subsidiaries
from Gran Tierra Energy Inc. (“GTE”) that held the rights to the exploration blocks in Peru. GTE had 100% working interest in five license
contracts: Blocks 95, 107, 123, 129 and 133 with GTE retaining a 20% back-in option in Block 107. In 2018 and 2019, PetroTal relinquished
its rights to Blocks 123, 129 and 133. After the reverse takeover transaction and the acquisition of the GTE Peruvian assets on December
18, 2017, the Company appointed an experienced Board of Directors, retained the prior PetroTal Management team and raised $34
million gross proceeds through the issuance of subscription receipts, which were subsequently converted into common shares.




                                                                    3
The Bretaña oil field is located in the Maranon Basin of northern Peru. To date, this basin has produced more than one billion barrels of
crude oil. Approximately 70% of the oil in the Maranon Basin has been produced from the Vivian formation and approximately 30% from
the Chonta formation. The Vivian formation is known as a quality oil reservoir with high permeabilities and strong aquifer support.
Generally, this type of reservoir achieves the highest oil recoveries. The Chonta formation is immediately below the Vivian and typically
produces medium to light oil; the Company is focused on the Vivian formation. The Company has a 100% working interest in the Bretaña
oil field.

2. OVERVIEW AND SELECTED ANNUAL INFORMATION




3. 2019 HIGHLIGHTS
The Company reached several key operational and financial achievements during 2019 as described below:
Three months ended December 31, 2019 (“Q4”) Highlights

    -   Drilled and completed the Company’s first horizontal well (4H), having a 500 meter lateral and utilizing autonomous inflow
        control device (“AICD”) valves to maximize oil production;
    -   Drilled and completed the 5H well, the longest horizontal well drilled in Peru. The well reached the target Vivian formation at a
        vertical depth of 2,696 meters and then with an 863 meter horizontal section inside the main productive oil reservoir;
    -   Commissioning of the new $31.6 million Central Production Facility (“CPF”) commenced on December 22, 2019 with the
        successful hydrostatic test of the new 20,000 barrel oil storage tank;
    -   Earned net income of $18.2 million ($0.03 per share basic) compared to a net loss of $2.2 million in Q4 2018;
    -   Higher operating net back of $28.6 million compared to $2.3 million in Q4 2018;
    -   For Q4 2019 the Company recognized funds flow generated of $22.2 million, as compared to utilization of negative $1.9 million
        in Q4 2018;
    -   Achieved a record quarterly oil production of 7,767 bopd, an increase of 670% over Q4 2018 (1,158 bopd), and an increase of
        63% over Q3 2019 (4,760 bopd);
    -   Q4 2019 sales volumes averaged 9,509 bopd compared to 1,199 bopd in Q4 2018; and,
    -   Capital expenditures were $26.9 million in Q4 2019 compared to $4.4 million in Q4 2018.




                                                                   4
2019 Operational Highlights

   -     At December 31, 2019, six producing wells and one water disposal were operating, inclusive of the initial water disposal that was
         converted to an oil producer;
   -     The Company invested $88.4 million to drill five producing oil wells, a water disposal well and build production facilities, nearly a
         three fold increase from capital expenditures of $23.2 million in 2018;
   -     The Company achieved an exit rate production of 13,300 bopd at the end of 2019 with the Q4 average being 7,767 bopd. PetroTal
         produced a total of 1.5 million barrels of oil in 2019, representing average oil production of 4,131 bopd, an increase of 431% from
         the average production of 958 bopd realized in 2018;
   -     NSAI Report shows increases in all reserve categories:
        o Proved ("1P") reserves of 21.5 million barrels ("mmbbl"), an increase of 20% from the 17.9 mmbbl recorded at the end of 2018;
        o Proved plus Probable ("2P") reserves of 47.7 mmbbl, an increase of 21% from the 39.4 mmbbl recorded at the end of 2018; and,
        o Proved plus Probable and Possible ("3P") reserves of 84.8 mmbbl, an increase of 8% from the 78.7 mmbbl recorded at the end
           of 2018;
   -     Net Present Value (before tax, discounted at 10%) (“NPV-10”) represents $434 million ($20.19/bbl) for 1P reserves, $1.1 billion
         ($23.02/bbl) for 2P reserves and $1.9 billion ($22.11/bbl) for 3P reserves; and,
   -     Original oil in place ("OOIP") estimates for each category of reserves also increased, with the 2P estimate increasing from 329
         mmbbl to 364 mmbbl.
2019 Financial Highlights
    -     Generated revenue of $77 million ($52.32/bbl) compared to $10 million ($59.10/bbl) in 2018;
    -     Royalties to the Peruvian government were $3.4 million (4% of revenue) during 2019 compared to $0.5 million (5% of revenue)
          for 2018;
    -     Generated funds from operations of $51.9 million compared to $30 thousand in 2018, as a result of the significant increase in
          revenue generation;
    -     Operating and transportation costs, were $31.9 million ($21.68/bbl) for 2019 compared to $4.9 million ($27.60/bbl) for 2018, an
          improvement of 22% on a per barrel basis;
    -     Net operating income (netback) in 2019 was $41.4 million ($28.09/bbl) compared to $5.1 million ($28.72/bbl) in 2018;
    -     Cash flow generated was $29.7 million compared to negative $3.4 million in 2018. Cash flow represents netback inclusive of G&A
          costs, realized gain (losses) on commodity contracts and all other cash transactions; and,
    -     At December 31, 2019, the Company had cash of $21.1 million, compared to $26.3 million at the end of 2018.
2019 Other Highlights

    -     On November 4, 2019, the Company announced the addition of Mr. Douglas Urch, as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial
          Officer of the Company;
    -     On December 12, 2019, the Company’s board of directors declared its inaugural dividend of $0.9 million to shareholders of record
          on December 20, 2019; and,
    -     On December 19, 2019, Ms. Eleanor Barker and Dr. Roger Tucker were appointed as Independent Non-Executive Directors.

4. OUTLOOK AND GROWTH STRATEGY

Outlook

The capital program prioritizes management's strategy to maintain a strong balance sheet during the current period of low oil prices,
maximizing activity to fit within cash flow. The Company activity will focus on managing existing production and drilling new wells during
2020, if pricing allows. Base maintenance capital would require capital expenditures and additional activities included in the capital
program outlined as follows:

    -     Completion of production facilities and infrastructure activities which include optimization of existing facilities, wells and some
          improvements aimed at lowering operating costs;
    -     Drilling new wells focused on continuing development in the core area of Bretaña oilfield as pricing allows;
    -     Continued investment in environmental remediation and social initiatives as part of a sustained long-term effort to improve the
          physical environment, and to provide training programs and other community initiatives for the residents near the Company’s
          operations.




                                                                      5
The capital budget is based on the expected average annual Brent oil price forecast. Additionally, as credit capacity allows, the Company
will arrange a hedging strategy for the future.

Growth strategy

Company’s strategy is focused on petroleum assets that have long-life reserves with production growth potential. Employing its
knowledge base and technical expertise, the Company is working to optimize its existing assets primary through drilling new oil wells to
create long-term value for shareholders. This will be accomplished through the attainment of its main objectives: increasing production,
reserves, funds generated from operations and net asset value.

PetroTal’s strategic priorities are to:
    -    Increase reserves and production;
    -    Maintain a strong balance sheet by controlling and managing capital expenditures;
    -    Control costs through efficient management of operations;
    -    Pursue new and proven technology applications to improve operations and assist exploration endeavors;
    -    Expand infrastructure (pipelines, storage, treating capacity) to increase production capacity in a cost-effective manner;
    -    Explore undeveloped acreage to identify and create development opportunities;
    -    Maintain a strong focus on employee, contractor and community health and safety; and
    -    Manage environmental and social performance to minimize negative ecological impacts and ensure continued stakeholder
         support.

Throughout the year, PetroTal focused on achieving its priorities and implementing its capital programs in Peru. The Company funded its
capital programs using funds generated from operations, existing cash and equity proceeds. Strategic allocation of the work program and
budget is designated to provide additional recoverable reserves at the Peruvian oilfields and achieve growth in production.

5. SELECTED FINANCIAL INFORMATION

5.1 QUARTERLY SUMMARY (IN THOUSANDS OF USD)




                                                                   6
EARNINGS STATEMENT INFORMATION

Revenue
As a result of the successful drilling and completion of oil producing wells in the Bretaña oil field during 2019, sales increased to 1,474,042
barrels (4,033 bopd) from 177,465 barrels (964 bopd) in 2018. Sales for Q4 2019 increased to 9,509 bopd as compared to Q3 2019 of
4,073 bopd and 1,199 bopd in Q4 2018.

The Company sells its oil at various sales points. Approximately 1,200 bopd is delivered to the Iquitos refinery priced at the prevailing
Brent oil price less a discount inclusive of barging transportation charges. The majority of the oil is delivered and sold to Petroperu at the
Saramuro pump station for transportation through the North Peruvian Oil Pipeline (“ONP”) and onward to the Bayovar Port. The price is
based on the average monthly Brent oil price, less approximately $4.00/bbl quality differential, and is net of all pipeline and marketing
fees. When the oil is ultimately sold by Petroperu at Bayovar, PetroTal will receive a valuation adjustment based on the actual price
achieved by Petroperu, whether higher or lower. As a result of higher sales volumes, annual revenue increased to $77.0 million
($52.32/bbl) in 2019 from $10.5 million ($59.1/bbl) in 2018. Similarly, higher sales volumes resulted in Q4 2019 revenue of $45.9 million
($52.49/bbl), up from $6.2 million ($56.09/bbl) for Q4 2018.

Royalties per barrel in 2019 ($2.31/bbl) increased on an absolute basis due to higher oil production levels, compared to 2018 royalties
per barrel of $2.78/bbl. In our current blocks, royalty is calculated on production, and ranges between five percent and twenty percent.
The royalty calculation is five percent based on production of 5,000 bopd or less and twenty percent when production reaches 100,000
bopd or more, with a straight-line calculation between. The royalty regime in Peru is negotiated on a block by block basis, based either
on production scales or on economic results.

Operating expense per barrel in 2019 ($9.73/bbl) is affected by record oil production (mainly production from Q3 and Q4) compared to
2018 ($19.73/bbl). Management previously stated that operating costs on a per unit basis should decrease in the future due to production
increases and fixed operating expenses being spread over a greater number of barrels produced.

Transportation expense per barrel in 2019 ($11.95/bbl) is affected by the increased volume of crude sales occurring at the Saramuro
delivery point resulting in a sales price net of ONP pipeline tariffs plus diluent used, compared to 2018 ($7.87/bbl).

General and administrative expense in 2019 of $10.8 million is higher than 2018 ($7.8 million) due to increased full year activities, and
with increased volumes the per barrel comparison is more in line with management expectations.


                                                                      7
As production increases, management believes the per barrel cost of G&A should continue to improve. Q4 2019 administrative expenses
increased due to reorganization charges and year-end accruals. Included in G&A is construction of a new pier for residents of the Bretaña
community, at a cost of $0.8 million. PetroTal appreciates all the support from the community and is pleased to offer this gift for the
residents to assist their easier access to the Maranon river.

The Company capitalized and allocated $3.1 million of G&A during 2019 as compared to $3.5 million in 2018. For the year ended December
31, 2019, non-cash share-based compensation pertaining to performance share units granted to employees was $0.4 million (2018: $0.2
million).

Depletion, Depreciation and Amortization (“DD&A”) for 2019 was $8.5 million ($5.79/bbl) as compared to $1.4 million ($7.91/bbl) for
2018. 2019 DD&A was calculated using the updated annual reserve report information prepared by NSAI at December 31, 2019. On a
quarterly bases, the Q4 DD&A is $3.8 million ($4.30/bbl) as compared to $0.8 million ($7.39/bbl) in Q4 2018. DD&A is calculated based
upon capital expenditures, production and 2P reserves.

Derivative loss of $0.4 million in 2019 is the net fair value of outstanding embedded derivatives compared to $nil in 2018. The agreements
signed with Petroperu in 2019, include a clause to adjust the risk of volatility of the global crude oil prices during the period in which
Petroperu provides the service of crude oil usage and until the Company returns the full amount of the volumes that were delivered in
advance (average minimum expected term of 6 months). Additionally, sales into the ONP are subject to oil price variations when sold by
Petroperu upon arrival at the Bayovar port.

Impairment and FX expenses mainly related to the relinquishment of exploratory Block 133 ($0.4 million) expensed during the 2019 year,
compared to $40 thousand impairment expensed during 2018.

Deferred taxes expense of $86 thousand was recorded in 2019 compared to a $0.8 million deferred tax recovery in 2018. No additional
deferred tax assets occurred in 2019.

Financial expense of $0.7 million is mainly related to accretion of decommissioning obligation expense ($0.4 million) and other finance
charges, as compared to $0.6 million accretion expensed during 2018.

Reclassification
The Company has reclassified its operating expenses to separate out the transportation component from operating expenses and present
it separately. The Company has made this change to reflect how management views the performance and disclosure of its operations.
The Company has reclassified these costs in the statements of earnings (loss) and comprehensive income (loss). Historical results were
reclassified to match the current period presentation. This change did not result in a change in income (loss) before taxes or cash flows
from operations. Management believes the reclassifications described below, now align with the nature of the costs presented with the
assessment of performance of the company.




                                                                    8
5.2 BALANCE SHEET INFORMATION (IN THOUSANDS OF USD)




Variances occurred at year ended 2019 and 2018

Cash and liquidity

At December 31, 2019, the Company held cash of $21.1 million, a $5.2 million reduction from $26.3 million at year-end 2018. Working
capital deficiency was $12.2 million at December 31, 2019 as compared to working capital of $26 million at December 31, 2018. The
variance resulted primarily from the Company’s increased capital program and CPF construction, thereby utilizing cash, and increasing
payables and receivables.

Based on the enhanced values in the 2019 year-end reserve evaluation by NSAI, the Company continues to make progress towards
establishing a credit facility. Having access to such a facility will strengthen PetroTal’s liquidity. Higher oil production, as a result of the
2019 development program, established the basis for higher cash flow, albeit fluctuating commodity price will have an impact. To deal
with reduced cash flow, the Company maintains flexibility to reduce its cost structure, as needed. Such measures include deferring capital
expenditures, seeking cost reductions from suppliers and extension of payment terms. Taking these steps will help to ensure the survival
and sustenance of resource operations in Peru for all parties.

VAT receivable




Valued Added Tax (VAT) in Peru is levied on the purchase of goods and services and is recoverable on sales of goods and services. The
Company recovered $10.4 million during 2019 (due to higher sales volume) and expects to recover $12.7 million in 2020 based on
estimated oil sales.

                                                                       9
Trade and other receivables




As at December 31, 2019, trade receivables representing revenue related to the sale of crude oil and payments were received in January
2020. No credit losses on the Company’s trade accounts have been incurred.

Capital expenditures




The Company followed a dual prong growth strategy in 2019. The primary focus was to increase oil production with new wells, building
on the success of reactivating the previously-drilled and shut-in initial discovery well in 2018. The Company incurred $88.8 million of
capital expenditures compared to $23.2 million in 2018. Four successful oil wells were drilled in 2019, and the Company converted the
initial water disposal well into a producing oil well. A new water disposal well was drilled into the lower flank of the field and the water
being injected at this level is supporting aquifer maintenance and serving to enhance oil production.

The second focus was on ensuring the Company had adequate facilities to effectively and safely handle the increased production. The
Company opted for a modular construction format whereby contractors design and build the components at manufacturing locations.
The components are then transported to and fully assembled at the Bretaña oil field. This enhances construction quality and is a cost
effective solution for such major infrastructure. At the end of 2019, the CPF was completed and commissioning commenced in early 2020.
This CPF, along with the 2018 Long Term Testing (“LTT”) equipment is expected to easily handle 15,000 bopd and beyond. Additional
production facilities will be added as needed when production from continued drilling warrants.

Some investments were made in exploration Block 107 for permits and maintenance to ensure PetroTal will be in a position to bring in a
joint venture partner in the future. Along with the $0.8 million pier built and installed for residents of the Bretaña community, the
Company continues to invest in a variety of community, social and regulatory (“CSR”) initiatives. An emphasis on environmental, social
and governance (“ESG”) is prevalent throughout all areas of our operations.

At year end 2019 and 2018, the Company has approximately $5 million of exploration and evaluation assets related to exploration Block
107.

Trade and other payables




Trade and other payables increased in 2019 as a result of the Company’s increased capital and drilling campaign in the last half of the
year, thereby increasing payables and accruals. The payables are reflective of payment terms noted in the supplier contracts.




                                                                    10
Derivatives




The embedded derivative liability is classified as Level 2 fair value measurement. The service contract for transport of liquid hydrocarbons
of ONP and Petroperu Saramuro agreements signed with Petroperu during 2019, include a clause to adjust the risk of volatility of the
international price of crude oil during the period in which Petroperu provides the service of crude oil usage and until the Company returns
the full amount of the volumes that were delivered in advance. The price compensation is based on the 2 day average Brent oil price
marker quotes (Brent Platts and Brent ICE) to the points of shipment and returns. In case the average price shipment is greater than the
average price of estimated settlement, the Company will compensate Petroperu an amount equivalent to the difference between both
averages, multiplied by the volume sold or arranged by Petroperu. If the average price shipment is lower than the average price of
estimated settlement, the Company will be compensated by Petroperu.

The $367 thousand fair value of the embedded derivative, considering an average future Brent price marker differential was recorded as
a loss on commodity price derivatives at December 31, 2019. 2.1 million barrels of oil have been delivered to and sold into the ONP, and
remain in the pipeline or storage tanks, awaiting final sale by Petroperu and are subject to the same settlement terms as noted above in
the ONP contract.

Decommissioning obligations
At December 31, 2019, the Company has estimated decommissioning liabilities to be $21.6 million, of which, the net present value is
$17.6 million, inclusive of an addition of $10.2 million related to the construction of production facilities and the drilling campaign of the
Company in the Bretaña oil field, and a revision of $3.8 million based upon a change in the un-risked interest rate. Of the total year-end
2019 amount of $17.6 million, $4.4 million is classified as short term, and $13.2 million as long term. At year-end 2018, the
decommissioning obligation was $11.1 million, of which $2.1 million was classified as short term and $9.1 million as long term.

Share capital
Authorized share capital consists of an unlimited number of common shares without nominal or par value. The holders of common shares
are entitled to one vote per share and are entitled to receive dividends as recommended by the Board of Directors. In June 2019, the
Company raised additional equity of $25.5 million gross ($23.7 million net of fees) by the issuance of 133.3 million of shares and had
agents warrants exercised and converted into 1.1 million shares for net proceeds of $0.2 million. In December, PetroTal declared a
dividend of $0.9 million to all shareholders and it was paid in January 2020. As of June 15, 2020, PetroTal has the following securities
outstanding:


    Common shares                                                                                           673,351,810               95%
    Performance share units                                                                                  10,871,353                1%
    Performance warrants                                                                                     26,750,000                4%
    Total                                                                                                   710,973,163              100%

5.3 NON-GAAP TERMS

This report contains financial terms that are not considered measures under GAAP such as operating netback, operating netback per bbl,
funds flow provided by operations, funds flow provided by operations per boe, funds flow netback per boe, free funds flow and diluted
funds flow per share that do not have any standardized meaning under IFRS and may not be comparable to similar measures presented
by other companies. Management uses these non-GAAP measures for its own performance measurement and to provide shareholders
and investors with additional measurements of the Company’s efficiency and its ability to fund a portion of its future capital expenditures.


                                                                     11
Funds flow provided by operations, is a non-GAAP measure that includes all cash generated from operating activities and is calculated
before changes in non-cash working capital. A reconciliation from cash provided by operating activities to funds flow provided by
operations is as follows:




Funds flow provided by operations or funds flow netback is a non-GAAP measure that includes all cash generated from operating activities
and is calculated before changes in non-cash working capital. The Company considers funds flow netback to be a key measure as it
demonstrates Company’s profitability after all cash costs relative to current commodity prices.

Free funds flow is a non-GAAP measure that is determined by funds flow provided by operations less capital expenditures. The Company
considers free funds flow or free cash flow to be a key measure as it demonstrates Company’s ability to fund a return of capital without
accessing outside funds and is calculated as follows:




Operating netback
The Company considers operating netbacks to be a key measure as they demonstrate Company’s profitability relative to current
commodity prices. Netback is calculated by dividing net operating income by total revenue.

6. 2019 RESERVE REPORT
Block 95 - Bretaña oil field
Oil production commenced in Bretaña in June 2018 via a long-term testing program of the single oil producer. In May 2019, the Company
received the approval of the Environmental Impact Assessment (“EIA”) to fully develop the Bretaña field in Block 95. This approval
provided PetroTal with the necessary permits to execute its development strategy at Bretaña.

The summary below sets forth PetroTal’s reserves as at December 31, 2019, as presented by NSAI, independent reserves evaluator. The
figures in the following tables have been prepared in accordance with the standards contained in the Canadian Oil and Gas Evaluation
Handbook (“COGE”) and the reserve definitions contained in National Instrument 51-101 Standards of Disclosure for Oil and Gas Activities
(“NI 51-101”). More detailed information will be included in PetroTal’s annual information form (“AIF”) for the year ended December 31,
2019 posted on SEDAR (www.sedar.com) and on PetroTal’s website.



                                                                  12
Summary of oil reserves and net present values as of December 31, 2019

                                               Company                                          Future Net Revenue
                                          Heavy Oil Reserves                            Before Income Taxes USD Thousands
                                                 (mmbbl)               Discounted       Discounted                                             Discounted
      Category                            Gross          Net               at 0%            at 5%            at 10%     at 15%                   at 20%
       Proved Developed Producing          11,250.1     11,250.1           204,290.5       207,244.7         201,440.7      192,565.3              183,014.7

       Proved Undeveloped                  10,286.2      10,286.2           392,945.3       297,596.5         232,072.1         185,241.2           150,588.0

      Total Proved                         21,536.2      21,536.2           597,235.8       504,841.1         433,512.8         377,806.5           333,602.8

       Probable                            26,152.9      26,152.9         1,089,017.4       836,244.1         664,253.6         542,575.8           453,319.3

      Total Proved plus Probable           47,689.1      47,689.1        1,686,253.1      1.341,085.2        1,097,766.4        920,382.3           786,922.0

       Possible                            37,109.8      37,109.8         1,691,266.8     1,107,715.7         777,454.0         575,264.2           442,898.0

      Total Proved plus Probable &         84,798.9      84,798.9         3,377,519.9     2,448,800.9        1,875,220.4      1,495,646.5         1,229,820.0
      Possible

 Summary of Pricing and Inflation Rate Assumptions – Forecast Prices and Costs (US$/bbl)

      Year-End Forecast:                                       2020                2021             2022            2023           2024           2025
      Brent January 1, 2020                                    $66.33            $67.94             $70.06          $71.66         $73.27         $74.57
      Brent January 1, 2019                                    $68.20            $70.98             $73.35          $75.40         $77.35         $79.40

 Year-End Crude Oil Reserves (mmbbl)
      Category                                                                                       2019                     2018                 Change
      Proved Developed Producing                                                                     11.2                       1.6                 600%
      Proved Undeveloped                                                                             10.3                      16.3                 -37%
      Total Proved                                                                                   21.5                      17.9                  20%
      Probable                                                                                       26.2                      21.5                  22%
      Total Proved plus Probable                                                                     47.7                      39.4                  21%
      Possible                                                                                       37.1                      39.3                   -6%
      Total Proved plus Probable & Possible                                                          84.8                      78.7                    8%

      Represents gross and net barrels since PetroTal owns a 100% working interest and a 100% net revenue interest in these properties. Royalties are paid
      from sales proceeds.

Year-End Net Present Value at 10% - before income tax ($ millions)
      Category                                                                                       2019                    2018                  Change
      Proved Developed Producing                                                                     $202                      $52                  287%
      Proved Undeveloped                                                                             $232                      $99                  134%
      Total Proved                                                                                   $434                     $151                  187%
      Probable                                                                                       $665                     $385                   72%
      Total Proved plus Probable                                                                    $1,098                    $536                  105%
      Possible                                                                                       $777                     $718                    8%
      Total Proved plus Probable & Possible                                                         $1,875                   $1,254                  50%

Year-End Net Asset Value ("NAV") per Share – before income tax
                                                                                      December 31, 2019                       December 31, 2018
      Category                                                                     US$/sh     CAD$/sh                      US$/sh        CAD$/sh
      Proved                                                                       $0.65      $0.87                        $0.28         $0.37
      Proved plus Probable                                                         $1.63      $2.17                        $0.72         $0.96
      Proved plus Probable & Possible                                              $2.79      $3.72                        $1.00         $1.33

      Represents NPV-10 divided by common shares issued as of December 31 of each respective year. Canadian share prices are converted at the respective year end
      foreign exchange conversion rates.




                                                                                13
Reserve Life Index (“RLI”)
                                                                    December 31, 2019
      Category
      Proved                                                           7.7 years
      Proved plus Probable                                            17.0 years
      Proved plus Probable & Possible                                 30.3 years

Future Development Costs

The following information sets forth development and abandonment costs deducted in the estimation of PetroTal’s future net revenue
attributable to the reserve categories noted below:

         Proved                             $124 million
         Proved plus Probable               $194 million
         Proved plus Probable plus Possible $299 million

The future development and abandonment costs are estimates of capital expenditures required in the future for PetroTal to convert the
corresponding reserves to proved developed producing reserves.

As a result of the Company’s successful drilling program in 2019 Proved ("1P") reserves increased by 20%, to 21.5 million barrels ("mmbbl")
from 17.9 mmbbl, Proved plus Probable ("2P") reserves increased by 21% to 47.7 mmbbl from 39.4 mmbbl, and Proved plus Probable and
Possible ("3P") reserves increased by 8% to 84.8 mmbbl from 78.7 mmbbl. At year-end 2019, Net Present Value (before tax, discounted
at 10%) (“NPV-10”) represents $434 million ($20.19/bbl) for 1P reserves, $1.1 billion ($23.02/bbl) for 2P reserves and $1.9 billion
($22.11/bbl) for 3P reserves.

Related to 2019 oil production of 1.5 mmbbl, reserve additions replaced 240% of 1P reserves, 553% of 2P reserves and 407% of 3P
reserves. Bretaña's reserve life index for 1P and 2P reserves is now 7.7 years and 17.0 years, respectively. The cumulative capital invested
combined with all future development and abandonment costs represents total finding and development costs of $12.04/bbl for 1P
reserves, $5.32/bbl for 2P reserves and $4.06/bbl for 3P reserves.

Original oil in place ("OOIP") estimates for each category of reserves also increased, with the 2P estimate increasing from 329 mmbbl to
364 mmbbl.

In addition to ongoing development of the Bretaña oilfield, there are other prospects within Block 95 and exploration opportunities in
Block 107.

Exploratory Block 107 – Osheki

PetroTal has a 100% working interest in these 623,280 acres block of which the Osheki prospect is estimated by NSAI to have 534 mmbo
of mean prospective recoverable oil resources. This estimate is based on a recovery factor of 30 percent of the estimated 1.78 billion
barrels of mean prospective original oil in place (“OOIP”), using maps generated from seismic acquired in 2007 and 2014. The mean risked
prospective resources figure for the Osheki prospect is 85 mmbbl. The prospect was de-risked with a new 3D geologic model supporting
Cretaceous age reservoirs with high quality Permian source rocks. Block 107 has four additional leads that, inclusive of Osheki, could
contain a total of 4.6 billion barrels of recoverable resource in the high estimate case. One of them is the Constitucion Sur lead that the
Company expects to upgrade to a prospect. The mean unrisked prospective resources figure for Constitucion is 68.5 mmbo. Drilling
permits for the Osheki prospect have been approved and the Company is evaluating a drilling program for Constitucion Sur in future years.
PetroTal continues to seek joint venture partners for the Osheki prospect and other Block 107 leads.

7. SIGNIFICANT JUDGEMENTS AND ESTIMATES

Management is required to make judgments, assumptions and estimates that have a significant impact on the Company’s financial results.
Significant judgments in the Financial Statements include going concern, financing arrangements, impairment indicators, assessment of
transfers from Exploration and Evaluation (“E&E”) to Property, Plant and Equipment (“PP&E”), asset acquisition and joint arrangements.
Significant estimates in the Financial Statements include commitments, provision for future decommissioning obligations, recoverable


                                                                    14
amounts for exploration and evaluation assets and accruals. In addition, the Company uses estimates for numerous variables in the
assessment of its assets for impairment purposes, including oil prices, exchange rates, discount rates, cost estimates and production
profiles. By their nature, all of these estimates are subject to measurement uncertainty, may be beyond management’s control and the
effect on future Financial Statements from changes in such estimates could be significant.

Critical judgments in applying accounting policies that have the most significant effect on the amounts recognized in the Financial
Statements are included in the Financial Statements and the accompanying notes as of December 31, 2019 and 2018.
Additional information about significant judgements and estimates are included in PetroTal’s audited Financial Statements for the years
ended December 31, 2019 and 2018.

8. SUBSEQUENT EVENTS

Subsequent to the year-end, on March 11, 2020, the World Health Organization characterized the outbreak of a strain of the novel
coronavirus (COVID-19) as a pandemic which has resulted in a series of public health and emergency measures that have been put in place
to combat the spread of the virus. In May 2020, the Company was notified by Petroperu, the operator of Peru’s ONP that it has temporarily
shut down the pipeline as a result of a directive from the Peruvian government intended to combat the spread of COVID-19 in the
communities adjacent to the pipeline operations. The directive states that no employees over the age of 65 or with serious chronic
diseases should be working in the high-risk regions of Peru. In conjunction with the pipeline shut-down, the Company shut-in operations
at the Bretaña oilfield. The duration and impact of COVID-19 is unknown at this time and it is not possible to reliably estimate the impact
that the length and severity of these developments will have on the financial results and condition of the Company in future periods.

Significant declines in crude oil spot prices and in the equity markets have occurred for various reasons linked to the pandemic and other
conditions impacting worldwide oil prices. The impairment tests for the Company’s oil assets are based on fair value less costs of disposals.
In accordance with IFRS, the Company has not reflected these subsequent conditions in the recoverable amount estimates of the oil assets
as at December 31, 2019. Impairment indicators for the Company’s oil assets exist at March 31, 2020 due to significant declines in
forecasted oil prices from December 31, 2019 to March 31, 2020.

On a monthly basis, the Company tracks the impact of fluctuating oil prices on volumes sold under both the Swap Contract and Sales
Contract, as a commodity derivative and, as a result of the recent drastic drop in oil prices, the contingent liability accruing under these
contracts is approximately $18 million and $24 million, respectively, at the end of March 2020. Given the current ONP timetable, it is
expected that oil delivered pursuant to the Swap Contract will be sold by Petroperu in Q3 2020, and oil delivered pursuant to the Sales
Contract will be sold by Petroperu commencing in Q4 2020. Under the terms of the Sales Contract, the Company is required to settle this
contingent liability when the balance exceeds $10 million.

On June 11, 2020, the Company entered into a contract with Petroperu to crystallize the contingent liability to be paid over a three-year
period in equal installments with an interest rate of approximately 7%. The agreement is secured by the Company’s assets. The Company
remains exposed to fluctuations in the commodity price from the crystallization date of June 2020 and will realize the benefit or loss of
fluctuations in the commodity price when the oil is delivered as described above.

On June 12, 2020, the Company entered into a broker agreement to place 141.2 million of placing units, raising gross proceeds of
approximately $18 million (at 10 pence per unit). Each placing unit will be comprised of one common share and one half of one warrant
allowing the subscriber to purchase additional shares within 36 months at 16 pence/share upon presentation of a full warrant.


9. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS AND TAXES

 The Company had no related party transactions or off-balance sheet arrangements. The             December 31             December 31
 Company’s management compensation is the following:                                                 2019                    2018
 Salaries, incentives and short-term benefits                                                         2,552                   2,150
 Director’s fees                                                                                       476                      238
 Stock based compensation                                                                              195                      202
 Total compensation                                                                                  3,223                    2,590


Taxes
Peruvian law requires the Company to pay a two percent tax on gross revenue, which is booked as a deferred income tax asset and is


                                                                     15
recoverable once the prior net operating losses of approximately $144 million are exhausted. Due to prior net operating losses the
Company does not anticipate having a significant tax liability for the next few years. At such time as there is a tax liability, the amounts
pre-paid through the two percent payment will reduce the amount of future tax to be paid. Corporate tax rates for the Company’s license
contracts in Peru are 32 percent.

10. CONTRACTUAL OBLIGATIONS AND COMMITMENTS

As of December 31, 2019, the Company holds the following letters of credit guaranteeing its commitments for exploration blocks to
Perupetro S.A.:
 Block      Beneficiary     Amount Commitment                                                       Expiration
 107        Perupetro S.A.   $1,500  1st exploration well, minimum work 5th exploratory period      December 2021
 107        Perupetro S.A.   $1,500  2nd exploration well, minimum work 5th exploratory period      December 2021
                             $3,000

11. FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS AND RISKS

FOREIGN EXCHANGE RATE RISK
The Company’s functional currency is the United States dollar. Foreign exchange gains or losses can occur on translation of working capital
denominated in currencies other than the functional currency of the jurisdiction which holds the working capital item. Excluding the impact
of changes in the cross-rates, a one percent fluctuation in translation rates would have nil impact on net income or loss, based on foreign
currency balances held at December 31, 2019.

LIQUIDITY RISK
Liquidity risk is the risk that an entity will encounter difficulty in meeting obligations associated with its financial liabilities. Company has
no debt or loans with financial institutions. While the decrease in commodity prices as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic will negatively
impact the Company’s financial performance and position, the subsequent events disclosed in Note 21 provides the Company with financial
flexibility and the ability to meet obligations as they become due. The Company’s liquidity risk is impacted by current and future commodity
prices. If required, the Company will also consider additional short-term financing or issuing equity in order to meet its future liabilities.
Declines in future commodity prices could affect the Company’s ability to fund ongoing operations. The current challenging economic
climate is having and may continue to have significant adverse impacts on the Company including, but not exclusively:

    •    material declines in revenue and cash flows as a result of the decline in commodity prices;
    •    declines in revenue and operating activities due to reduced capital programs and the shut-in of production;
    •    inability to access financing sources;
    •    increased risk of non-performance by the Company’s customers and suppliers; and
    •    interruptions in operations as the Company adjusts personnel to the dynamic environment.

The situation is dynamic and the ultimate duration and magnitude of the impact on the economy and the financial effect on the Company
is not known at this time. Estimates and judgments made by management in the preparation of the financial statements are increasingly
difficult and subject to a higher degree of measurement uncertainty during this volatile period.

CREDIT RISK
Credit risk is the risk that a customer or counterparty will fail to perform an obligation or fail to pay amounts due causing a financial loss
to the Company. The Company’s VAT is primarily for sales tax credits on exploration and evaluation expenses incurred in prior years.
These credits will be applied to future oil development activities or recovered as per the sale tax recovery legislation currently in effect.
The majority of the Company’s trade receivable balances relate to crude oil sales. The Company’s policy is to enter into agreements with
customers that are well established and well financed entities in the oil and gas industry such that the level of risk is mitigated. The
Company has not experienced any material credit losses in the collection of its trade receivables.

Impairment to a financial asset is only recorded when there is objective evidence of impairment and the loss event has an impact on
future cash flow and can be reliably estimated. Evidence of impairment may include default or delinquency by a debtor or indicators that
the debtor may enter bankruptcy. Management believes that there is no risk on the recoverability and or applicability of the sales tax
credits. Therefore, no impairment to the carrying value of these assets has been estimated. The Company has deposited its cash and cash
equivalents with reputable financial institutions, with which management believes the risk of loss to be remote. The maximum credit
exposure associated with financial assets is their carrying value. At December 31, 2019, the cash and cash equivalents were held with
seven different institutions from three countries, mitigating the credit risk of a collapse of one particular bank.

                                                                       16
WORKFORCE MAY BE EXPOSED TO WIDESPREAD PANDEMIC
PetroTal operations are located in areas relatively remote from local towns and villages and represent a concentration of personnel
working and residing in close proximity to one another. Should an employee or visitor become infected with a serious illness that has the
potential to spread rapidly, this could place workforce at risk. The 2020 outbreak of the novel coronavirus in China and other countries
around the world is one example of such an illness. The Company takes every precaution to strictly follow industrial hygiene and
occupational health guidelines. There can be no assurance that this virus or another infectious illness will not impact company’s personnel
and ultimately its operations.
Certain statements contained in this MD&A may constitute forward-looking statements. These statements relate to future events or the
Company’s future performance. All statements other than statements of historical fact may be forward-looking statements. forward-
looking statements are often, but not always, identified by the use of words such as “anticipate”, “plan”, “continue”, “estimate”, “expect”,
“may”, “will”, “project”, “predict”, “potential”, “intend”, “could”, “might”, “should”, “believe” and similar expressions. These statements
involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause actual results or events to differ materially from those
anticipated in such forward-looking statements. The Company believes that the expectations reflected in those forward-looking
statements are reasonable but no assurance can be given that these expectations will prove to be correct and such forward-looking
statements included in this MD&A should not be unduly relied upon by investors. These statements speak only as of the date of this
MD&A and are expressly qualified, in their entirety, by this cautionary statement.

Although the Company believes that the expectations reflected in the forward-looking statements are reasonable, there can be no
assurance that such expectations will prove to be correct. The Company cannot guarantee future results, levels of activity, performance,
or achievements. The risks and other factors, some of which are beyond the Company’s control, could cause results to differ materially
from those expressed in the forward-looking statements contained in this MD&A.

The forward-looking statements contained in this MD&A are expressly qualified by the foregoing cautionary statement. Subject to
applicable securities laws, the Company is under no duty to update any of the forward-looking statements after the date hereof or to
compare such statements to actual results or changes in the Company’s expectations. Financial outlook information contained in this
MD&A about prospective results of operations, financial position or cash flows is based on assumptions about future events, including
economic conditions and proposed courses of action, based on management’s assessment of the relevant information currently available.
Readers are cautioned that such financial outlook information should not be used for purposes other than for which it is disclosed herein.

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

Additional information about PetroTal Corp. and its business activities, including PetroTal’s AIF and audited Financial Statements for the
years ended December 31, 2019 and 2018 are available on the Company's website at www.petrotal-corp.com, and at www.sedar.com, or
below:
                                              CORPORATE HEADQUARTERS                          LEGAL COUNSEL
 DIRECTORS                                    PetroTal Corp.                                  Stikeman Elliot LLP
 Mark McComiskey                              11451 Katy Freeway, Suite 500                   Calgary, Alberta
 Chairman of the Board                        Houston, Texas 77079
                                              Office: 713.609.9101                            AUDITORS
 Eleanor Barker                               info@petrotal-corp.com                          Deloitte LLP
                                              www.petrotal-corp.com                           Calgary, Alberta
 Ryan Ellson
                                              REGISTERED OFFICE                               NOMINATED & FINANCIAL ADVISER
 Gary Guidry                                  PetroTal Corp.                                  Strand Hanson Limited
                                              4300 Bankers Hall West, 888-3erd Street         London, United Kingdom
 Roger Tucker                                 Calgary, Alberta
                                                                                              JOINT BROKERS
 Gavin Wilson                                 OPERATING OFFICE                                Stifel Nicolaus Europe Limited
                                              PetroTal Peru SRL                               London, United Kingdom
 Manuel Pablo Zuniga-Pflucker                 Calle Dean Valdivia 148, Piso 11
                                              Edificio Platinum Plaza Torre 1 – San Isidro Numis Securities Limited
 OFFICERS AND SENIOR EXECUTIVES               Lima, Peru                                      London, United Kingdom
 Manuel Pablo Zuniga-Pflucker
 President and Chief Executive Officer        STOCK EXCHANGES                                 RESERVES EVALUATORS
                                              Toronto Stock Exchange                          Netherland, Sewell & Associates, Inc.
 Douglas Urch                                 Toronto, Canada                                 Dallas, Texas
 EVP and Chief Financial Officer              TAL:TSXV

                                                                    17
Estuardo Alvarez-Calderon                  AIM Stock Exchange                          TRANSFER AGENT AND REGISTRAR
VP Exploration and Production              London, United Kingdom                      Computershare Trust Company of Canada
                                           PTAL:AIM                                    Calgary, Alberta
Glen Priestley                                                                         London, United Kingdom
VP Treasury and Planning                   OTC Stock Exchange
                                           New York, USA                               Equity Stock Transfer
Ronald Egusquiza                           PTALF:OTC                                   New York, NY
Peru General Manager

GLOSSARY / ABBREVIATIONS
MD&A          Management’s Discussion and Analysis
IFRS          International Financial Reporting Standards
CPF           Central Production Facility
bbl(s)        Barrel(s)
mbbls         Thousand barrels
mmbbl         Million barrels
bopd          Barrels of oil per day
COGE          Canadian oil and gas evaluation handbook
NI 51-101     National Instruments - Standards of Disclosure for Oil and Gas Activities
Sh            Shares
AIF           Annual information form
ONP           North Peruvian oil pipeline agreement
Netback       Benchmark to assess the profitability based on commodity price, operating and transportation costs
LTT           Long Term Testing
OOIP          Original Oil in place




                                                               18
             PETROTAL CORP.



       ANNUAL INFORMATION FORM


For the Financial Year Ended December 31, 2019




             Dated June 15, 2020
                                                                Table of Contents

GLOSSARY .................................................................................................................................................1
CONVENTIONS ...........................................................................................................................................3
ABBREVIATIONS ........................................................................................................................................3
CONVERSION .............................................................................................................................................3
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION CONCERNING RESERVES DATA ............................................................4
SPECIAL NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS .....................................................5
NAME, ADDRESS AND INCOMPANY ........................................................................................................9
GENERAL DEVELOPMENT OF THE BUSINESS ....................................................................................10
DESCRIPTION OF THE BUSINESS OF THE COMPANY .......................................................................12
STATEMENT OF RESERVES DATA AND OTHER OIL AND GAS INFORMATION ...............................14
INDUSTRY CONDITIONS .........................................................................................................................23
RISK FACTORS .........................................................................................................................................29
DIVIDENDS ................................................................................................................................................47
DESCRIPTION OF SHARE CAPITAL .......................................................................................................48
MARKET FOR SECURITIES AND TRADING HISTORY ..........................................................................48
PRIOR SALES ...........................................................................................................................................48
ESCROWED SECURITIES .......................................................................................................................48
DIRECTORS AND OFFICERS ..................................................................................................................49
LEGAL PROCEEDINGS AND REGULATORY ACTIONS ........................................................................52
INTERESTS OF MANAGEMENT AND OTHERS IN MATERIAL TRANSACTIONS ................................52
TRANSFER AGENT AND REGISTRAR ....................................................................................................53
MATERIAL CONTRACTS ..........................................................................................................................53
PROMOTERS ............................................................................................................................................53
INTERESTS OF EXPERTS .......................................................................................................................53
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION ...................................................................................................................53
Exhibit 1 Form 51-101F2 Report on Reserves Data by Independent Qualified Reserves Evaluators .... 1-1
Exhibit 2 Form 51-101F3 Report of Management and Directors on Oil and Gas Disclosure .................. 2-1
                                                   -1-


                                               GLOSSARY

Certain terms and abbreviations used in this Annual Information Form are defined below:

"ABCA" means the Business Corporations Act (Alberta), as amended, including the regulations
promulgated thereunder.

"Acquisition" has the meaning attributed thereto in "Three Year History – Financial Year Ended
December 31, 2017".

"affiliate" or "associate" when used to indicate a relationship with a person or company, has the meaning
set forth in the Securities Act (Alberta).

"AIF" means this annual information form dated June 15, 2020 for the financial year ended December 31,
2019.

"AIM" means AIM, the market of that name operated by the London Stock Exchange.

"AIM Rules" means the AIM Rules for Companies published by the London Stock Exchange from time to
time (including, without limitation, any guidance notes or statements of practice) and those other rules of
the London Stock Exchange which govern the admission of securities to trading on, and the regulation of,
AIM.

"Arrangement" has the meaning attributed thereto in "Three Year History – Financial Year Ended
December 31, 2017" below.

"Board" or "Board of Directors" means the board of directors of the Company, as constituted from time to
time, including where applicable, any committee thereof.

"Bretaña Assets" means the Company's heavy oil assets which are located on Block 95 of onshore Peru.

"Common Shares" means the common shares in the capital of the Company.

"Company" or "PetroTal" means PetroTal Corp., formerly known as Sterling Resources Ltd.

"Financing" has the meaning ascribed thereto under "Three Year History – Financial Year Ended
December 31, 2017".

"GTE" means Gran Tierra Energy Inc.

"GTEIH" means Gran Tierra Energy International Holdings Ltd., a wholly owned subsidiary of GTE.

"GTRL" means Gran Tierra Resources Limited, a wholly owned indirect subsidiary of GTE.

"Hydrocarbon Law" means the Organic Hydrocarbon Law No. 26221 enacted by the government of Peru
in 1993, which unified text was approved by Supreme Decree No. 042-2005-EM, and the regulations
thereunder.

"Income Tax Law" means the Legislative Decree No. 774, which Unified Text was approved by the
Supreme Decree No. 179-2004-EF, and its regulations, approved by the Supreme Decree 122-94-EF,
including all its amendments.

"Ministry" means the Ministry of Energy and Mines of Peru.
                                                   -2-


"NI 51-101" means National Instrument 51-101 – Standards of Disclosure for Oil and Gas Activities of the
Canadian Securities Administrators.

"NI 51-102" means National Instrument 51-102 – Continuous Disclosure Obligations of the Canadian
Securities Administrators.

"NSAI" means Netherland, Sewell & Associates, Inc.

"NSAI Report" means the report prepared by NSAI dated March 3, 2020, evaluating the crude oil reserves
attributed to the Bretaña Assets as at December 31, 2019.

"ONP" means the North Peruvian Pipeline, which transports crude oil from Station 1, in San Jose de
Saramuro (Loreto), to tide-water market on Peru's west coast at the Port of Bayovar.

"Perupetro" means Perupetro S.A., a private state-owned company responsible for promoting, negotiating,
underwriting and monitoring contracts for exploration and production of hydrocarbons in Peru.

"Peru HoldCo" means Gran Tierra International (Peru) Holdings B.V., a limited company existing under
the laws of Curaçao.

"Peru HoldCo Shares" means shares in the capital of Peru HoldCo.

"Peruvian Business" means Peru HoldCo and its direct and indirect subsidiaries and petroleum and
natural gas properties and related assets, including the Bretaña Assets, all of which were acquired by the
Company by virtue of the acquisition of the Peru HoldCo Shares pursuant to the Acquisition.

"PetroPeru" means Petróleos del Perú S.A., a private state-owned company dedicated to the
transportation, refining, distribution and sale of fuel and other products derived from oil.

"PetroTal Ltd." means PetroTal Ltd., a Company incorporated under the ABCA.

"PetroTal LLC" means PetroTal LLC (formerly Talara Oil & Gas LLC), a Texas limited liability company
and a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company.

"Performance Warrants" means performance warrants to purchase Common Shares issued to certain
directors, officers and employees of the Company.

"PetroTal Shareholders" means the holders of PetroTal Shares.

"PetroTal Shares" means the common shares in the capital of PetroTal prior to the closing of the
Arrangement.

"PetroTal USA" means PetroTal USA Corp., a Texas limited liability company and a wholly-owned
subsidiary of the Company.

"Placing" has the meaning ascribed thereto under "Three Year History – Financial Year Ended December
31, 2019".

"Tax Act" means the Income Tax Act (Canada), as amended, including the regulations promulgated
thereunder.

"TSXV" or "Exchange" means the TSX Venture Exchange.

"United States" or "U.S." means the United States of America, its territories and possessions, any state of
the United States of America and the District of Columbia.
                                                       -3-


                                              CONVENTIONS

Unless otherwise indicated, references herein to "$" or "dollars" are to United States dollars. All
financial information with respect to the Company has been presented in United States dollars in
accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards ("IFRS"). The information in this AIF is stated
as at December 31, 2019, unless otherwise indicated.

                                             ABBREVIATIONS

 Oil, Natural Gas and Natural Gas Liquids
 Bbl              barrel
 Bbls             barrels
 Mbbls            thousand barrels
 Bbls/d           barrels per day
 NGLs             natural gas liquids
 Mcf              thousand cubic feet

 Other

 API               an indication of the specific gravity of crude oil measured on the American Petroleum
                   Institute gravity scale. Liquid petroleum with a specified gravity of 28° API or higher is
                   generally referred to as light crude oil.
 BOE               barrel of oil equivalent of natural gas and crude oil on the basis of 1 BOE for 6 (unless
                   otherwise stated) Mcf of natural gas (this conversion factor is an industry accepted norm
                   and is not based on either energy content or current prices)
 BOE/D             barrel of oil equivalent per day
 m3                cubic metres
 MBOE              1,000 barrels of oil equivalent
 $000 or M$        thousands of dollars
                                               CONVERSION

The following table sets forth certain standard conversions from Standard Imperial Units to the International
System of Units (or metric units).

                  To Convert From                    To                          Multiply By
                  Mcf                                Cubic metres                   28.174
                  Cubic metres                       Cubic feet                     35.494
                  Bbls                               Cubic metres                    0.159
                  Cubic metres                       Bbls                            6.290
                  Feet                               Metres                          0.305
                  Metres                             Feet                            3.281
                  Miles                              Kilometres                      1.609
                  Kilometres                         Miles                           0.621
                  Acres                              Hectares                        0.405
                  Hectares                           Acres                           2.471
                                                     -4-


                       ADDITIONAL INFORMATION CONCERNING RESERVES DATA

Reserve Categories

Reserves are estimated remaining quantities of oil and natural gas and related substances anticipated to
be recoverable from known accumulations, from a given date forward, based on:

        •       analysis of drilling, geological, geophysical and engineering data;
        •       the use of established technology; and
        •       specified economic conditions, specifically the forecast prices and costs.

Reserves are classified according to the degree of certainty associated with the estimates.

        (a)     Proved reserves are those reserves that can be estimated with a high degree of certainty
                to be recoverable. It is likely that the actual remaining quantities recovered will exceed the
                estimated proved reserves.

        (b)     Probable reserves are those additional reserves that are less certain to be recovered than
                proved reserves. It is equally likely that the actual remaining quantities recovered will be
                greater or less than the sum of the estimated proved plus probable reserves.

        (c)     Possible reserves are those additional reserves that are less certain to be recovered than
                probable reserves. It is unlikely that the actual remaining quantities recovered will exceed
                the sum of the estimated proved plus probable plus possible reserves.

Other criteria that must also be met for the categorization of reserves are provided in the Canadian Oil and
Gas Evaluation Handbook maintained by the Society of Petroleum Evaluation Engineers (Calgary Chapter),
as amended from time to time (the "COGE Handbook").

Each of the reserve categories (proved, probable and possible) may be divided into developed and
undeveloped categories:

        (a)     Developed reserves are those reserves that are expected to be recovered from existing
                wells and installed facilities or, if facilities have not been installed, that would involve a low
                expenditure (for example, when compared to the cost of drilling a well) to put the reserves
                on production. The developed category may be subdivided into producing and
                non-producing.

                (i)       Developed producing reserves are those reserves that are expected to be
                          recovered from completion intervals open at the time of the estimate. These
                          reserves may be currently producing or, if shut-in, they must have previously been
                          on production, and the date of resumption of production must be known with
                          reasonable certainty.

                (ii)      Developed non-producing reserves are those reserves that either have not been
                          on production, or have previously been on production, but are shut-in, and the date
                          of resumption of production is unknown.

        (b)     Undeveloped reserves are those reserves expected to be recovered from known
                accumulations where a significant expenditure (for example, when compared to the cost of
                drilling a well) is required to render them capable of production. They must fully meet the
                requirements of the reserves classification (proved, probable) to which they are assigned.

In multi-well pools it may be appropriate to allocate total pool reserves between the developed and
undeveloped categories or to subdivide the developed reserves for the pool between developed producing
                                                        -5-


and developed non-producing. This allocation should be based on the estimator's assessment as to the
reserves that will be recovered from specific wells, facilities and completion intervals in the pool and their
respective development and production status.

Levels of Certainty for Reported Reserves

The qualitative certainty levels referred to in the definitions above are applicable to individual reserve
entities (which refers to the lowest level at which reserves calculations are performed) and to reported
reserves (which refers to the highest level sum of individual entity estimates for which reserve estimates
are prepared). Reported reserves should target the following levels of certainty under a specific set of
economic conditions:

         (a)      at least a 90 percent probability that the quantities actually recovered will equal or exceed
                  the estimated proved reserves;

         (b)      at least a 50 percent probability that the quantities actually recovered will equal or exceed
                  the estimated proved plus probable reserves; and

         (c)      at least a 10 percent probability that the quantities actually recovered will equal or exceed
                  the sum of the estimated proved plus probable plus possible reserves.

A quantitative measure of the certainty levels pertaining to estimates prepared for the various reserves
categories is desirable to provide a clearer understanding of the associated risks and uncertainties.
However, the majority of reserves estimates will be prepared using deterministic methods that do not
provide a mathematically derived quantitative measure of probability. In principle, there should be no
difference between estimates prepared using probabilistic or deterministic methods.

Additional clarification of certainty levels associated with reserves estimates and the effect of aggregation
is provided in the COGE Handbook.

Interests in Reserves, Wells and Properties

"gross" means: (a) in relation to an issuer's interest in reserves, its "company gross reserves", which are its
working interest (operating or non-operating) share before deduction of royalties and without including any
royalty interests of the issuer; (b) in relation to an issuer's interest in wells, the total number of wells in which
an issuer has an interest; and (c) in relation to an issuer's interest in properties, the total area of properties
in which an issuer has an interest.

"net" means: (a) in relation to an issuer's interest in reserves, its working interest (operating or non-
operating) share after deduction of royalty obligations, plus its royalty interests in reserves; (b) in relation
to an issuer's interest in wells, the number of wells obtained by aggregating the issuer's working interest in
each of its gross wells; and (c) in relation to an issuer's interest in a property, the total area in which an
issuer has an interest multiplied by the working interest owned by the issuer.

"working interest" means the percentage of undivided interest held by an issuer in the oil and/or natural gas
or mineral lease granted by the mineral owner which interest gives the issuer the right to "work" the property
(lease) to explore for, develop, produce and market the leased substances.

                   SPECIAL NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS

Certain statements contained in this AIF may constitute forward-looking statements. These statements
relate to future events or the Company's future performance. All statements other than statements of
historical fact may be forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements are often, but not always,
identified by the use of words such as "anticipate", "plan", "continue", "estimate", "expect", "may", "will",
"project", "predict", "potential", "intend", "could", "might", "should", "believe" and similar expressions. These
                                                    -6-


statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause actual results
or events to differ materially from those anticipated in such forward-looking statements. The Company
believes that the expectations reflected in those forward-looking statements are reasonable but no
assurance can be given that these expectations will prove to be correct and such forward-looking
statements included in this AIF should not be unduly relied upon by investors. These statements speak only
as of the date of this AIF and are expressly qualified, in their entirety, by this cautionary statement.

Forward-looking statements or information in this AIF include, but are not limited to:

    •   the performance characteristics of the Company's oil properties;
    •   future commodity prices and costs of and supply and demand for crude oil in each market in which
        production is sold;
    •   future gains or losses from risk management contracts;
    •   future production volumes in 2020 and 2021, production volumes and production declines;
    •   future revenues and production costs (including royalties) and revenues and production costs per
        commodity unit;
    •   future capital expenditures and their allocation to specific activities or periods, particularly with
        respect to the estimated maintenance capital and number of wells to be drilled as part of the 2020
        capital program;
    •   future growth plans through 2020 and 2021;
    •   future drilling and completion of wells;
    •   future decommissioning costs, inflation rates and discount rates used to determine the net present
        value of such costs;
    •   measurement and recoverability of reserves and timing of such recoverability;
    •   estimates of ultimate recovery from wells;
    •   future finding and development costs, production costs, transportation costs, interest and financing
        costs, and general and administrative costs;
    •   effect of existing or future contractual obligations including agreements pertaining to processing,
        transportation and marketing of oil;
    •   future availability and cost of drilling rigs, completion and other oilfield services;
    •   dates or time periods by which wells will be drilled and completed, facility construction completed
        and brought into service and geographical areas developed;
    •   operating and other costs, world-wide supply and demand for petroleum products, royalty rates and
        treatment under governmental regulatory regimes;
    •   productive capacity of wells, anticipated or expected production rates and anticipated dates of
        commencement of production and timing of results therefrom;
    •   the size of the oil reserves of the Company and anticipated future cash flows from such reserves;
    •   ability to meet current and future obligations;
    •   future sources of funding for capital programs and future availability of such sources;
    •   future asset acquisitions or dispositions;
    •   future abandonment and reclamation costs;
    •   future tax liabilities and future use of tax pools and losses;
    •   development plans;
    •   anticipated land expiries;
    •   treatment under governmental regulatory regimes and tax and royalty laws;
    •   the ability to obtain financing on acceptable terms or at all; and
    •   currency, exchange and interest rates.

With respect to forward-looking statements contained in this AIF, the Company has made assumptions
regarding, among other things:

    •   oil production levels;
    •   the success of the Company's operations and exploration and development activities;
    •   prevailing climatic conditions, commodity prices, interest and exchange rates;
                                                   -7-


   •   the impact of increasing competition;
   •   availability of skilled labour, services and drilling equipment;
   •   timing and amount of capital expenditures;
   •   the legislative and regulatory environments of the jurisdictions where the Company carries on
       business or has operations;
   •   conditions in general economic and financial markets;
   •   the ability of the Company to secure necessary personnel, equipment and services;
   •   government regulation in the areas of taxation, royalty rates and environmental protection;
   •   future operating costs:
   •   access to transportation routes and markets for the Company's production; and
   •   the Company's ability to obtain additional financing on satisfactory terms.

The Company's actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking
statements as a result of the risk factors set forth below and elsewhere in this AIF:

   •   the global public health crisis in respect of the outbreak of the novel coronavirus ("COVID-19"),
       including volatility and disruptions in the supply and demand for crude oil, global supply chains and
       financial markets, as well as declining trade and market sentiment and reduced mobility of people;
   •   volatility in market prices for oil and natural gas, interest and exchange rates, including between
       Peruvian soles and United States dollars;
   •   uncertainties associated with estimating oil and natural gas reserves;
   •   the risks of the oil and gas industry, such as operational risks and market demand;
   •   legal, political and economic instability in Peru, including disruptions caused by guerrilla or
       indigenous groups;
   •   changes to trade relations, including between Peru and the United States;
   •   transportation and third party facility capacity constraints and access to sales markets;
   •   the ability of management to execute its business plan;
   •   governmental regulation of the oil and gas industry, including environmental regulation;
   •   actions taken by governmental authorities, including increases in taxes and changes in government
       regulations and incentive programs;
   •   geological, technical, drilling and processing problems;
   •   inadequate infrastructure in Peru;
   •   exploration and development activities are capital intensive and involve a high degree of risk;
   •   risks and uncertainties involving geology of oil and gas deposits;
   •   risks inherent in marketing operations, including credit risk;
   •   potential delays or changes in plans with respect to exploration or development projects or capital
       expenditures;
   •   availability of sufficient financial resources to fund the Company's capital expenditures;
   •   stock market volatility and market valuations;
   •   failure to realize the anticipated benefits of acquisitions and dispositions;
   •   unanticipated operating events which could reduce production or cause production to be shut-in or
       delayed;
   •   hazards such as fire, explosion, blowouts, cratering, and spills, each of which could result in
       substantial damage to wells, production facilities, other property and the environment or in personal
       injury;
   •   environmental risks (including climate change) and the cost of compliance with current and future
       environmental laws, including climate change laws along with risks relating to increased activism
       and public opposition to fossil fuels;
   •   encountering unexpected formations or pressures, premature decline of reservoirs, and the
       premature and/or stronger than expected invasion of water into producing formations;
   •   the ability to add production and reserves through development and exploration activities;
   •   uncertainties in regard to the timing of exploration and development activities;
   •   changes in general economic, market and business conditions;
   •   the effect of litigation proceedings on the Company's business;
                                                     -8-


    •   the possibility that government policies or laws, including laws and regulations related to the
        environment, may change or governmental approvals may be delayed or withheld;
    •   uncertainty in amounts and timing of royalty payments;
    •   uncertainties inherent in estimating quantities of oil and natural gas reserves and cash flows to be
        derived therefrom;
    •   failure to obtain industry partner and other third party consents and approvals, as and when
        required;
    •   the availability of capital on acceptable terms or at all;
    •   cyber-security issues;
    •   competition for, among other things, capital, acquisition of reserves, undeveloped land and skilled
        personnel; and
    •   the other factors considered under "Risk Factors" below.

Statements relating to "reserves" are deemed to be forward-looking statements or information, as they
involve the implied assessment, based on certain estimates and assumptions, that the resources and
reserves described can be profitable in the future. There are numerous uncertainties inherent in estimating
quantities of proved, probable and possible reserves, including many factors beyond the control of the
Company. The reserve data included herein represents estimates only. In general, estimates of
economically recoverable oil reserves and the future net cash flows therefrom are based upon a number of
variable factors and assumptions, such as historical production from the properties, the assumed effects of
regulation by governmental agencies and future operating costs, all of which may vary considerably from
actual results. All such estimates are to some degree speculative and classifications of reserves are only
attempts to define the degree of speculation involved. For those reasons, estimates of the economically
recoverable oil reserves attributable to any particular group of properties and classification of such reserves
based on risk of recovery and estimates of future net revenues expected therefrom, prepared by different
engineers or by the same engineers at different times, may vary substantially. The actual production,
revenues, taxes and development and operating expenditures of the Company with respect to these
reserves will vary from such estimates, and such variances could be material.

The Company has included the above summary of assumptions and risks related to forward-looking
information provided herein in order to provide investors with a more complete perspective on the
Company's current and future operations and such information may not be appropriate for other purposes.
This AIF may contain forward-looking statements attributed to third party industry sources.

Readers are cautioned that the foregoing lists of factors are not exhaustive. The forward-looking
statements contained herein, and the documents incorporated by reference herein, are expressly
qualified by this cautionary statement. Except as required by applicable securities laws, the
Company does not undertake any obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking
statements and readers should also carefully consider the matters discussed under the heading
"Risk Factors" below.

The forward-looking statements or information contained herein are made as of the date hereof and
the Company undertakes no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether
as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, unless required by applicable securities
laws.

Caution Respecting Reserves Information

The determination of oil and natural gas reserves involves the preparation of estimates that have an
inherent degree of associated uncertainty. Categories of proved and probable reserves have been
established to reflect the level of these uncertainties and to provide an indication of the probability of
recovery. The estimation and classification of reserves requires the application of professional judgment
combined with geological and engineering knowledge to assess whether or not specific reserves
classification criteria have been satisfied. Knowledge of concepts including uncertainty and risk, probability
                                                   -9-


and statistics, and deterministic and probabilistic estimation methods is required to properly use and apply
reserves definitions.

The recovery and reserve estimates of oil, NGLs and natural gas reserves provided herein
(including the documents incorporated by reference) are estimates only. Actual reserves may be
greater than or less than the estimates provided herein. The estimated future net revenue from the
production of the Company's natural gas and petroleum reserves does not represent the fair market
value of the Company's reserves.

Caution Respecting BOE

In this AIF, the abbreviation BOE means a barrel of oil equivalent on the basis of 1 BOE to 6 Mcf of natural
gas when converting natural gas to BOEs. BOEs may be misleading, particularly if used in isolation.
A BOE conversion ratio of 6 Mcf to 1 BOE is based on an energy equivalency conversion method
primarily applicable at the burner tip and does not represent a value equivalency at the wellhead.
Given that the value ratio of oil compared to natural gas based on currently prevailing prices is
significantly different than the energy equivalency conversion ratio of 6 Mcf to 1 BOE, utilizing a
conversion ratio of 6 Mcf to 1 BOE may be misleading as an indication of value. For example, the
conversion ratio specified in the Block 95 License Contract is 5.626 Mcf to 1 BOE.

                               NAME, ADDRESS AND INCORPORATION

The Company was incorporated under the Companies Act (Alberta) on August 31, 1979 under the name
of "Peoples Oil Limited". The Company was continued pursuant to articles of continuance under
Section 261 of the ABCA on July 2, 1982. The Company changed its name to "Sterling Resources Ltd." on
February 10, 1997. On December 18, 2017, the Company completed the Arrangement with PetroTal Ltd.
under the ABCA, pursuant to which the Company: (i) acquired all of the issued and outstanding shares of
PetroTal Ltd.; and (ii) amalgamated with PetroTal Ltd. and continued as one Company under the name
"Sterling Resources Ltd.". See "Three-Year History – Financial Year Ended December 31, 2017".

The Company changed its name to "PetroTal Corp." on June 4, 2018. On October 25, 2018, the Company
amended its articles in order to comply with the AIM Rules.

The Company's head office is located at 11451 Katy Freeway, Suite 500, Houston, Texas 77079. The
registered office of the Company is located at Suite 4300, 888 3rd St SW, Calgary Alberta T2P 5C5.

As of the date hereof, the Company is a reporting issuer in British Columbia, Alberta, Saskatchewan,
Manitoba, Ontario, New Brunswick, Nova Scotia, Prince Edward Island and Newfoundland. The Common
Shares are listed on the TSXV under the trading symbol "TAL" and on AIM under the trading symbol "PTAL".
                                                          - 10 -


The following diagram illustrates the inter-corporate relationships among the Company and its subsidiaries
as at the date hereof:

                            PetroTal Corp.
                                                                   PetroTal USA Corp.
                         (Alberta corporation        100%
                                                                   (Texas corporation)
                             Parent Co)



                          100%          100%

                                         PetroTal International (Peru)
                PetroTal LLC
                                                Holdings B.V.                             96.7%
             (Texas corporation)
                                            (Curaçao corporation)

                                                     100%

                                                                                         Petrolifera Petroleum
                                                 PetroTal Peru B.V(2)
                              96.54%                                        3.3%           Del Peru S.R.L.
                                                (Curaçao corporation)
                                                                                          (Peru corporation)


                                                      3.46%


                                    PetroTal Peru S.R.L.
                                     (Peru corporation)


                             GENERAL DEVELOPMENT OF THE BUSINESS

Three-Year History

Since incorporation, the Company has been involved in the acquisition of petroleum and natural gas rights
and the exploration for, and the development and production of, crude oil and natural gas. In its early years,
the Company focused on onshore activities in Canada and the United States, and gained its first
international assets in Romania in 1997 divesting these assets in 2015. In 1998, the Company acquired
assets in the United Kingdom ("UK"), divesting these assets in 2017.

Financial Year Ended December 31, 2017

On March 16, 2017, the Company sold the entire issued share capital of the Company's operating
subsidiary Sterling Resources (UK) Ltd. to Oranje-Nassau Energie B.V. for a purchase price of $97.0
million. In addition, intercompany debt in the amount of $16.8 million was settled between Sterling
Resources (UK) Ltd. and the Company. This transaction amounted to the sale of all or substantially all of
the Company's assets and, as a result of the transaction, the Company no longer had active business
operations or assets other than the cash proceeds from the transaction.

At the time of announcement of the sale transaction, it was the intention of the Company to undertake a
voluntary winding-up and dissolution following the completion thereof and, to that end, the Board paid an
initial cash distribution to Shareholders in the aggregate amount of $92.8 million on June 30, 2017 or $0.63
per Common Share. Further distributions of the Company's remaining cash assets were at that time
anticipated to be made on or prior to September 30, 2017 and during the 2018 fiscal year, respectively,
prior to ultimately dissolving.

On or about June 29, 2017, the Company became aware of PetroTal LLC and the potential for a transaction
pursuant to which the Company would complete a reverse take-over of PetroTal LLC in connection with the
acquisition of the Peruvian Business.
                                                   - 11 -


On November 9, 2017: (a) the Company and PetroTal Ltd. entered into an arrangement agreement in
respect of the reverse take-over by way of statutory plan of arrangement (the "Plan of Arrangement")
involving the Company and PetroTal Ltd. (the "Arrangement"); and (b) the Company, PetroTal Ltd., GTE
and GTEIHL entered into a share purchase agreement pursuant to which, and in the manner set forth in
the Plan of Arrangement, the Company would acquire from GTE all of the issued and outstanding Peru
HoldCo Shares in consideration for: (i) Common Shares and (ii) an option to retain a 20% working interest
in Block 107 following the drilling of an initial exploration well, and the Company would thereby acquire the
Peruvian Business (the "Acquisition").

In conjunction with the Arrangement and the Acquisition, on December 12, 2017, PetroTal Ltd. completed
a brokered private placement offering of subscription receipts ("Subscription Receipts") at a price of $1.00
per Subscription Receipt for aggregate gross proceeds of $34 million (the "Financing").

On December 18, 2017, pursuant to the Arrangement and the Acquisition: (a) each Subscription Receipt
was converted into one PetroTal Share; (b) each PetroTal Share was exchanged for 5.35 Common Shares,
resulting in the issuance of an aggregate of 203,300,005 Common Shares; (c) the Company and PetroTal
Ltd. were amalgamated and continued as one Company under the name "Sterling Resources Ltd."; (d) the
Company acquired all the issued and outstanding Peru HoldCo Shares for 187,250,000 Common Shares;
and (e) the Company's Board and management team were reconstituted. Following the completion of the
Arrangement and the Acquisition, the new management team began to execute on its development and
exploration plan in respect of the Peruvian Business.

Financial Year Ended December 31, 2018

On January 22, 2018, management advised investors that they expected first oil from the Bretaña field in
10-12 months through long term testing and that, shortly thereafter, a new oil producing well would be spud.
Management brought in facilities in stages and was able to bring the Bretaña field online in five months, at
a cost that was approximately 25% less than the $24 million budgeted.

On June 4, 2018, the Company changed its name from "Sterling Resources Ltd." to "PetroTal Corp.".

On July 1, 2018 the Company began recording first production and revenue and set forth to bring the
remaining facilities to ramp up production in the field.

On October 25, 2018, in advance of listing the Common Shares on AIM, the Company amended its articles
in order to comply with the AIM Rules.

In November 2018, all oil and water handling facilities were in place and the field was placed on commercial
production on November 30, 2018 with the declaration of commerciality in the field.

On December 24, 2018, the Common Shares commenced trading on AIM under the trading symbol "PTAL".

Financial Year Ended December 31, 2019

On April 18, 2019, Charles Fetzner resigned as Vice President, Asset Development of the Company.

On April 22, 2019, the Company completed its second development oil well in the Bretaña field.

In May 2019, the Company received approval of the Environmental Impact Assessment under the
Environmental Impact Assessment System and Supreme Decree No. 039-2014-EM to allow for drilling of
development oil wells and installation of related facilities in Block 95 of the Bretaña field.

On May 31, 2019, the Company completed a brokered placing of 133,333,333 Common Shares at a price
of £0.15 ($USD.19) on Share for aggregate gross proceeds of £20 million ($USD25.5 million) (the
"Placing"). On December 12, 2019, the Company declared an interim dividend of Canadian Dollars
                                                      - 12 -


(“CAD$”) 0.0017 cash for each Common Share to be paid to Shareholders on January 20, 2020,
representing in aggregate a total dividend payment of approximately CAD$1.14 million ($0.9 million)
constituting approximately one-third of the expected total dividend payments in respect of the half year
period from July 1, 2019 to December 31, 2019.

On June 18, 2019, the Company completed its third development oil well. It was the Company’s first well
equipped with an electric submersible pump for optimizing future well productivity.

On August 21, 2019, the Company completed its second water disposal well and converted its existing
water disposal well into an oil producer.

On October 21, 2019, the Company completed its fourth development oil well. It was the Company's first
horizontally completed well utilizing autonomous inflow control device valves aimed to maximize production
output.

On November 4, 2019, Douglas C. Urch replaced Greg Smith as Executive Vice President and Chief
Financial Officer of the Company. Concurrent with his appointment as an officer of the Company, Mr. Urch
resigned as a director and Chairman of the Board and Mark McComiskey, an existing director, was
appointed as Chairman.

On December 16, 2019, the Company completed its fifth development oil well. It was the Company's second
horizontal well equipped with autonomous inflow control device valves and the longest horizontal well drilled
to date in Peru.

On December 19, 2019, Eleanor Barker and Roger Tucker were appointed as directors of the Company.

On December 27, 2019, the Company entered into an oil sales contract with PetroPeru concurrent with the
commissioning of the Company's first central production facility. Pursuant to the oil sales contract, the
Company will utilize the NOP, owned and operated by PetroPeru, in order to deliver crude oil from Pump
Station No. 1 in the Saramuro region to be ultimately sold by PetroPeru at the terminal facilities in Port
Bayovar. See "Forward Contracts and Marketing".

Recent Developments

In January 2020, the Company announced a capital spend program of $99 million, expected to be fully
funded with funds generated from operations and existing cash resources. The budget will primarily be
allocated to expand the Peruvian Business to drill 4 new horizontal oil production wells, a water disposal
well and a second processing facility in order to increase total field facility capacities. The capital investment
program is weighted to the last half of the year and will continue to be monitored closely in light of the
reduced oil price environment.

On February 18, 2020, the Company began drilling a sixth development oil well, which is anticipated to
have the longest lateral completion to date.

Significant Acquisitions

The Company has not completed any significant acquisitions during its most recently completed financial
year for which disclosure is required under Part 8 of NI 51-102.

                         DESCRIPTION OF THE BUSINESS OF THE COMPANY

General

The Company's business plan is focused on building value through the development and exploration of oil
assets in Peru on its 1.5 million net acres of undeveloped land. The Company's immediate focus is to: (a)
                                                     - 13 -


continue to develop the Bretaña Assets, one of the largest undeveloped discoveries in Peru, by applying
management's knowledge and leveraging management's experience with the local suppliers and regulatory
bodies; and (b) secure a farm-in partner to finance the drilling of the Block 107 Osheki prospect.

Specialized Skill and Knowledge

The Company relies on the specialized skill and knowledge of its permanent staff to compile, interpret and
evaluate technical data, drill and complete wells, design and operate production facilities and numerous
additional activities required to explore for and produce oil and natural gas. From time to time, the Company
employs consultants and other service providers to provide complementary experience and expertise to
carry out its oil and natural gas operations effectively. It is the belief of management of the Company that
its officers and employees, who have significant technical, operational and financial experience in the oil
and gas industry, hold the necessary skill sets to successfully execute the Company's business strategy in
order to achieve its corporate objectives.

Competitive Conditions

The oil and natural gas industry is intensely competitive in all its phases. The Company competes with
numerous other participants in the search for, and the acquisition of, oil and natural gas properties and in
the marketing of oil and natural gas. The Company's competitors include resource companies that have
greater financial resources, staff and facilities than those of the Company. Competitive factors in the
distribution and marketing of oil and natural gas include price and methods and reliability of delivery. The
Company's ability to acquire additional property rights, to discover and produce reserves, to construct and
operate production facilities and to identify and enter into advantageous commercial arrangements is
dependent upon: (i) the Company developing and maintaining close working relationships with its industry
partners; (ii) its ability to select and evaluate suitable properties for acquisition and development; (iii) its
ability to consummate commercially attractive transactions in a competitive environment; and (iv) the
maintenance of adequate financial capacity. The Company believes that its competitive position is
equivalent to that of other oil and gas issuers of similar size and at a similar stage of development. See
"Risk Factors - Competition".

Cyclical Nature of Industry

The Company's operational results and financial condition are dependent on the prices received for oil and
natural gas production. Oil and natural gas prices have fluctuated widely during recent years and are
determined by supply and demand factors, including weather and general economic conditions, as well as
political and macroeconomic conditions in other oil and natural gas regions. During 2018, crude oil pricing
staged a gradual recovery through the first ten months of the year before collapsing in November over
concerns of supply outpacing demand. In 2019, crude oil pricing decreased compared to 2018 as a result
of a lower oil demand forecast due to trade tensions between the U.S. and China which continued to affect
the global economy and fears of an oversupplied market, despite rising tensions in the Middle East. In 2020,
COVID-19 and talk of supply increases from Saudi Arabia and Russia have dramatically decreased the
price of crude oil. Any decline in oil and natural gas prices could have an adverse effect on the Company's
financial condition. See "Risk Factors".

Health, Safety and Environmental Policies

PetroTal constantly monitors and actively manages its approach to environmental concerns. The Company
believes that it is in compliance with applicable existing environmental laws and regulations and is not
aware of any proposed environmental legislation or regulations with which it would not be in material
compliance. Procedures are put in place to ensure that the utmost care is taken in the day-to-day
management of the Company's oil and gas properties. However, in the future, the natural resources industry
may become subject to more stringent environmental protection rules. This could increase the cost of doing
business and may have a negative impact on future earnings.
                                                    - 14 -


PetroTal is committed to meeting industry standards in each jurisdiction in which it operates with respect to
human rights, environment, health and safety policies. Management, employees and contractors are
governed by and required to comply with PetroTal's environment, health and safety policy as well as all
applicable national, state and local legislation and regulations. PetroTal has established roles and
responsibilities to facilitate effective management of its environment, health and safety policy throughout
the organization. It is the primary responsibility of the managers, supervisors and other senior field staff of
PetroTal to oversee safe work practices and ensure that rules, regulations, policies and procedures are
being followed. PetroTal maintains and will continue to maintain a safe and environmentally responsible
work place, and will continue to provide training, equipment and procedures to all individuals in adhering to
our policies. PetroTal will also solicit and take into consideration input from its neighbors, communities and
other stakeholders in regard to protecting people and the environment. See "Industry Conditions" and "Risk
Factors".

Employees

As at December 31, 2019, the Company had 50 employees in Peru and 10 employees in Houston.

Reorganizations

Other than as disclosed in "General Development of the Business", there have been no material
reorganizations of the Company within the three most recently completed financial years or completed
during or proposed for the current financial year.

           STATEMENT OF RESERVES DATA AND OTHER OIL AND GAS INFORMATION

Disclosure of Reserves Data and Other Information as of Financial Year Ended December 31, 2019

The reserves data herein is based upon the NSAI Report. The reserves data set forth below is based upon
an evaluation of the NSAI Report. The NSAI Report summarizes the crude oil reserves of the Bretaña
Assets and the net present values of future net revenue for these reserves using forecast prices and costs.
No gas market is expected to exist for the Company's properties so natural gas reserves were not estimated
in the NSAI Report. The NSAI Report has been prepared in accordance with the standards contained in
the COGE Handbook and the reserve definitions contained in NI 51-101. Additional information not required
by NI 51-101 has been presented to provide continuity and additional information which the Company
believes is important to the readers of this information. The following tables provide summary information
presented in the NSAI Report effective December 31, 2019 and based on an average of forecasts of Brent
Crude futures prices prepared by three Canadian independent consultants as of December 31, 2019.

The Report on Reserves Data by NSAI and the Report of Management and Directors on Oil and Gas
Disclosure are attached as Exhibit 1 and Exhibit 2, respectively, to this AIF.

All of the Company's reserves are onshore in the Bretaña field located at the northern edge of Block 95 in
northern Peru. The NSAI Report is based on certain factual data supplied by the Company and NSAI's
opinion of reasonable practice in the industry. For the purposes of the NSAI Report, NSAI did not perform
any field inspections, examinations of mechanical operation, condition of facilities or possible environmental
liability.

The Company's gross revenue shown in the NSAI Report is the Company's share of the gross (100%)
revenue from its properties prior to any deductions. Future net revenue is provided after deductions for the
Company's share of royalty burden, capital costs, abandonment and reclamation costs and operating
expenses but before consideration of any income taxes. Estimated Peruvian incomes taxes are a
simplification of current tax law and were not prepared by a tax accountant or lawyer. The Company's
financial statements and management's discussion and analysis for the year ended December 31, 2019
should be consulted for additional information regarding the Company's taxes.
                                                              - 15 -


There are numerous uncertainties inherent in estimating quantities of crude oil reserves and the future cash
flows attributed to such reserves. In general, such estimates are based upon a number of variable factors
and assumptions, such as historical production from the properties, production rates, ultimate reserve
recovery, timing and amount of capital expenditures, marketability of oil, royalty rates, the assumed effects
of regulation by governmental agencies and future operating costs, all of which may vary materially from
actual results. For those reasons, estimates of the economically recoverable crude oil reserves attributable
to any particular group of properties, classification of such reserves based on risk of recovery and estimates
of future net revenues associated with reserves prepared by different engineers, or by the same engineers
at different times, may vary. The Company's actual production, revenues, taxes and development and
operating expenditures with respect to its reserves will vary from estimates thereof and such variations
could be material.

It should not be assumed that the undiscounted or discounted net present value of future net
revenue attributable to reserves estimated by NSAI represent the fair market value of those
reserves. Other assumptions and qualifications relating to costs, prices for future production and
other matters are summarized herein. The recovery and reserve estimates of crude oil reserves
provided herein are estimates only. Actual reserves may be greater than or less than the estimates
provided herein.

The information relating to the Company's crude oil reserves contains forward-looking statements relating
to future net revenues, forecast capital expenditures, future development plans, timing and costs related
thereto, forecast operating costs, anticipated production and abandonment costs. See "Special Note
Regarding Forward-Looking Statements", "Industry Conditions" and "Risk Factors".

Throughout the following summary tables, differences may arise due to rounding.

       SUMMARY OF OIL RESERVES AND NET PRESENT VALUES OF FUTURE NET REVENUE
                              AS OF DECEMBER 31, 2019
                            FORECAST PRICES AND COSTS

                                                                                    Heavy Oil(1)
                                                                                  Gross     Net(2)
                                                                                  (Mbbl)   (Mbbl)
                            Proved
                                 Developed Producing                            11,250.1     11,250.1
                                 Undeveloped                                    10,286.2     10,286.2
                            Total Proved                                        21,536.2     21,536.2
                            Total Probable                                      26,152.9     26,152.9
                            Total Proved plus Probable                          47,689.1     47,689.1
                            Total Possible                                      37,109.8     37,109.8
                            Total Proved plus Probable plus Possible            84,798.9     84,798.9
Notes:
      Totals may not add because of rounding.
(1)   PetroTal owns a 100% working interest and a 100% net revenue interest in these properties.
(2)   Net reserves do not include deductions for royalty expense for net oil volumes. Government royalties are included in property
      and mineral taxes.
                                                            - 16 -


                               NET PRESENT VALUE OF FUTURE NET REVENUE

                                              Before Income Tax                                            Unit Value
                                          Discounted at Various Rates                                  Before Income Tax
                          0%              5%          10%          15%                     20%         Discounted at 10%
 Description              M$              M$           M$           M$                      M$               $/Bbl
 Proved
    Producing          204,290.5       207,244.7       201,440.7        192,565.3       183,014.7                17.91
    Undeveloped        392,945.3       297,596.5       232,072.1        185,241.2       150,588.0                22.56
 Total Proved          597,235.8       504,841.1       433,512.8        377,806.5       333,602.8                20.13
 Total Probable      1,089,017.4       836,244.1       664,253.6        542,575.8       453,319.3                25.40
 Total Proved        1,686,253.1     1,341,085.2     1,097,766.4        920,382.3       786,922.0                23.02
 plus Probable
 Total Possible      1,691,266.8     1,107,715.7       777,454.0        575,264.2       442,898.0                20.95
 Total Proved
 plus Probable
 plus Possible       3,377,519.9     2,448,800.9     1,875,220.4     1,495,646.5      1,229,820.0                22.11
Notes:
          Totals may not add because of rounding.
    (1)   Utilizes an average of forecasts of Brent Crude futures prices prepared by three Canadian independent consultants as of
          December 31, 2019 as detailed below.
    (2)   Future net revenue is after deductions for the Company's share of royalty burdens, capital costs, abandonment and
          reclamation costs and operating expenses by before consideration of any Peruvian income taxes.

                                                                After Income Tax
                                                           Discounted at Various Rates
                                           0%               5%             10%              15%            20%
             Description                   M$               M$              M$              M$              M$
             Proved
               Producing               138,917.5        140,926.4       136,979.7       130,944.4      124,450.0
               Undeveloped             267,202.8        202,365.6       157,809.0       125,964.0      102,399.8
             Total Proved              406,120.3        343,291.9       294,788.7       256,908.4      226,849.9
             Total Probable            740,531.8        568,646.0       451,692.4       368,951.5      308,257.1
             Total Proved plus       1,146,652.1        911,937.9       746,481.2       625,860.0      535,107.0
             Probable
             Total Possible          1,150,061.4        753,246.7       528,668.7       391,179.7      301,170.6
             Total Proved plus
             Probable plus
             Possible                2,296,713.5      1,665,184.6     1,275,149.9     1,017,039.6      836,277.6
Notes:
          Totals may not add because of rounding.
    (1)   Utilizes an average of forecasts of Brent Crude futures prices prepared by three Canadian independent consultants as of
          December 31, 2019 as detailed below.
    (2)   Future net revenue is after deductions for the Company's share of royalty burdens, capital costs, abandonment and
          reclamation costs, operating expenses and Peruvian income taxes.
                                                                 - 17 -


                                           TOTAL FUTURE NET REVENUE
                                     (UNDISCOUNTED) AS OF December 31, 2019
                                          FORECAST PRICES AND COSTS

                                                                                                  Future Net                  Future Net
                                  Property                                                         Revenue                     Revenue
                                    and                           Capital                           Before                      After
                                  Mineral        Operating      Development           Aband /      Income        Income        Income
   Reserves          Revenue       Taxes          Costs            Costs            Other Costs     Taxes           Tax         Taxes
   Category            (M$)         (M$)           (M$)             (M$)               (M$)          (M$)          (M$)          (M$)

    Total Proved    1,445,465.1    69,382.3         654,403.7      100,228.2           24,215.1    597,235.8     191,115.4     406,120.3

Total Proved Plus
         Probable   3,278,930.7   157,194.9     1,241,045.8        163,934.2           30,502.6   1,686,253.1    539,600.9    1,146,652.1
Total Proved Plus
   Probable Plus
         Possible   6,093,140.0   291,895.9     2,124,493.4        261,150.1           38,080.6   3,377,519.9   1,080,806.4   2,296,713.5

     Forecast Costs and Price Assumptions

     The forecast cost and price assumptions are based on Brent Crude futures prices and are adjusted for
     quality, transportation fees and market differentials. Crude oil benchmark reference pricing, inflation and
     exchange rates utilized by NSAI in the NSAI Report were an average of forecasts of Brent Crude futures
     prices prepared by three Canadian independent consultants as of December 31, 2019, as follows:

            SUMMARY OF PRICING AND INFLATION RATE ASSUMPTIONS as of December 31, 2019
                                 FORECAST PRICES AND COSTS

                                                                           Oil Price
                                                 Year                     ($US/Bbl)
                                             Forecast

                                             2020                           66.33
                                             2021                           67.94
                                             2022                           70.06
                                             2023                           71.66
                                             2024                           73.27
                                             2025                           74.57
                                             2026                           76.22
                                             2027                           77.83
                                                                Escalation Rate of 2% on
                                             Thereafter
                                                                 January 1 of each year



     Estimated future abandonment and reclamation costs related to a working interest have been taken into
     account by NSAI in determining reserves that should be attributed to a property and in determining the
     aggregate future net revenue therefrom, there was deducted the reasonable estimated future well
     abandonment and reclamation costs. No allowance was made, however, for the abandonment of any
     facilities. The forecast price and cost assumptions assume the continuance of current laws and regulations.

     Reconciliations of Changes in Reserves and Future Gross Revenue

     The following table reconciles the Company's gross reserves from December 31, 2018 to December 31,
     2019, using forecast prices and costs. Gross reserves include oil volumes to be used to generate power
     for the field.
                                                     - 18 -


                                                                                                Proved
                                                                    Proved                   plus Probable
                                                                     (Mbbl)                     (Mbbl)
  Opening balance, beginning of year                               17,898.2                     39,353.8
  Technical Revision                                                4,542.5                      9,589.7
  Economic Factors                                                    600.2                        250.3
  Less Production                                                   (1,504.7)                   (1,504.7)
  Total Reserves, end of year                                      21,536.2                     47,689.1

Additional Information Relating to Reserves Data
Undeveloped Reserves

Undeveloped reserves are attributed by NSAI in accordance with standards and procedures contained in
the COGE Handbook. Proved undeveloped reserves are those reserves that can be estimated with a high
degree of certainty and are expected to be recovered from known accumulations where a significant
expenditure is required to render them capable of production. Probable undeveloped reserves are those
reserves that are less certain to be recovered than proved undeveloped reserves and are expected to be
recovered from known accumulations where a significant expenditure is required to render them capable
of production. Proved and probable undeveloped reserves have been assigned in accordance with
engineering and geological practices as defined under NI 51-101.

The Company plans to continue to develop the reserves by drilling a series of horizontal wells into the
productive formation. The Company anticipates that 5 new wells will be required to produce the proved
undeveloped reserves and an additional 9 new wells will be required to produce the proved plus probable
reserves.

There are a number of factors that could result in delayed or cancelled development, including the following:
(a) changing economic conditions (due to commodity pricing, operating and capital expenditure
fluctuations); (b) changing technical conditions (including production anomalies, such as water
breakthrough or accelerated depletion); (c) multi-zone developments (for instance, a prospective formation
completion may be delayed until the initial completion formation is no longer economic); (d) a larger
development program may need to be spread out over several years to optimize capital allocation and
facility utilization; and (e) surface access issues (including those relating to land owners, weather conditions
and regulatory approvals). See "Risk Factors".

Significant Factors or Uncertainties Affecting Reserves Data

The process of evaluating reserves is inherently complex. It requires significant judgments and decisions
based on available geological, geophysical, engineering and economic data. These estimates may change
substantially as additional data from ongoing development activities and production performance becomes
available and as economic conditions impacting oil and natural gas prices and costs change. The reserve
estimates contained herein are based on current production forecasts, prices and economic conditions and
other factors and assumptions that may affect the reserve estimates and the present value of the future net
revenue therefrom. These factors and assumptions include, among others: (a) historical production in the
area compared with production rates from analogous producing areas; (b) initial production rates; (c)
production decline rates; (d) ultimate recovery of reserves; (e) success of future development activities; (f)
timing and costs of future development activities; (g) marketability of production; (h) effects of government
regulations; and (i) other government levies imposed over the life of the reserves.

As circumstances change and additional data becomes available, reserve estimates also change.
Estimates are reviewed and revised, either upward or downward, as warranted by the new information.
Revisions are often required due to changes in well performance, prices, economic conditions and
government restrictions. Revisions to reserve estimates can arise from changes in year-end prices,
                                                   - 19 -


reservoir performance and geologic conditions or production. These revisions can be either positive or
negative.

While the Company does not anticipate any significant economic factors or significant uncertainties that will
affect any particular components of the reserves data, the reserves can be affected significantly by
fluctuations in product pricing, capital expenditures, costs to abandon and reclaim properties, operating
costs, royalty regimes and well performance that are beyond the Company's control. See "Risk Factors".

Future Development Costs

The following table sets forth development costs deducted in the estimation of the Company's future net
revenue attributable to the reserve categories noted below:

                                                  Forecast Development Costs (M$)
                                                                                        Proved Plus
                                                            Proved Plus Probable       Probable Plus
 Year                            Proved Reserves                 Reserves            Possible Reserves


 2020                                  91,685.0                    93,885.0                103,385.0
 2021                                   8,246.7                    69,752.7                110,858.7
 2022                                     296.5                       296.5                 46,906.4
 2023                                      -                           -                       -
 2023-2028                                 -                           -                       -
 Thereafter                                -                           -                       -
 Total Undiscounted                   100,228.2                   163,934.2                261,150.1

Future development costs are capital expenditures required in the future for the Company to convert proved
undeveloped reserves, probable reserves and possible reserves to proved developed producing reserves.
The undiscounted development costs are $100 million for proved reserves, $164 million for proved plus
probable reserves and $261 million for proved plus probable plus possible reserves (in each case based
on forecast prices and costs).

The Company expects to use a combination of internally generated cash from operations, working capital
and the issuance of new equity or debt where and when it believes appropriate to fund future development
costs set out in the NSAI Report. There can be no guarantee that funds will be available or that the Board
of Directors will allocate funding to develop all of the reserves attributable in the NSAI Report. Failure to
develop those reserves could have a negative impact on the Company's future cash flow.

Interest expense or other costs of external funding are not included in the reserves and future net revenue
estimates set forth above and would reduce the reserves and future net revenue to some degree depending
upon the funding sources utilized. The Company does not anticipate that interest or other funding costs
would make further development of any of the Company's properties uneconomic.

Other Information

The following table sets forth the number and status of the Company's wells effective December 31, 2019.
                                                                 - 20 -


                                                    Producing             Non-Producing(3)
                                                       Oil                      Oil
                                                  Gross(1) Net(2)         Gross(1)  Net(2)
                                         Peru        6      6                1        1
                                         Total       6      6                1        1
Notes:
     (1)       "Gross" means total number of wells in which the Company holds an interest.
     (2)       "Net" means the aggregate of the percentage working interests of the Company in the gross wells.
     (3)       "Non-Producing" means wells that may or may not have been previously on production (oil and water) the date
               production will be obtained from these wells is uncertain.

Properties with no Attributed Reserves

The following table summarizes, effective December 31, 2019, the gross and net acres of undeveloped
properties in which the Company had an interest and also the number of net acres for which its rights to
explore, develop or exploit could expire within one year.

                             Undeveloped Acres                 Developed(1) Acres                  Total Acres
                             Gross        Net                  Gross        Net                Gross          Net
 Peru                      1,466,500  1,466,500                10,000     10,000             1,476,500    1,476,500
 Total                     1,466,500  1,466,500                10,000     10,000             1,476,500    1,476,500
 Note:
         (1)    The acres shown as "Developed" refer to the expected size of the Bretaña field.

Significant Factors or Uncertainties Relevant to Properties With No Attributed Reserves

There are several economic factors and significant uncertainties that affect the anticipated exploration and
development of the Company's properties with no attributed reserves. The Company will be required to
make substantial capital expenditures in order to explore, exploit, develop, prove and produce oil from these
properties in the future.

If the Company's cash flow is not sufficient to satisfy its capital expenditure requirements, there can be no
assurance that additional debt or equity financing will be available to meet these requirements or, if
available, on terms acceptable to the Company. Failure to obtain such financing on a timely basis could
cause the Company to forfeit its interest in certain properties, miss certain opportunities and reduce or
terminate its operations.

The inability of the Company to access sufficient capital for its exploration and development activities could
have a material adverse effect on the Company's ability to execute its business strategy to develop these
prospects. See "Risk Factors".

The significant economic factors that affect the Company's development of its lands to which no reserves
have been attributed are future commodity prices for oil and the Company's outlook relating to such prices,
and the future costs of drilling, completing, equipping, tie-in and operating the wells at the time that such
activities are considered in the future.

The significant uncertainties that affect Company's development of such lands are: (a) the future drilling
and completion results the Company achieves in its development activities; (b) drilling and completion
results achieved by others on lands in proximity to the Company's lands; and (c) future changes to
applicable regulatory or royalty regimes that affect timing or economics of proposed development activities.
All of these uncertainties have the potential to delay the development of such lands. Alternatively,
uncertainty as to the timing and nature of the evolution or development of improved exploration drilling,
completion and production technologies have the potential to accelerate development activities and
enhance the economics relating to such lands.
                                                     - 21 -


Forward Contracts and Marketing

PetroTal is exposed to market risks resulting from fluctuations in commodity prices, foreign exchange rates
and interest rates in the normal course of operations. A variety of derivative instruments may be used by
PetroTal to reduce its exposure to fluctuations in commodity prices and foreign exchange rates.

The Company primarily sells crude oil based on prevailing market pricing. The Company has entered into
an oil sales contract with PetroPeru, whereby PetroPeru has agreed to purchase crude oil at Pump Station
No.1 located in San Jose de Saramuro, approximately 460 kilometers from the Bretaña field. The crude oil
delivered to Station No. 1 is sold based on the monthly average reference price of the Brent Index minus
discounts. PetroPeru ultimately sells the crude oil at the Bayovar Terminal, located in the department of
Piura, and provides the Company with a valuation adjustment based on the actual price achieved, whether
higher or lower. The oil sales contract continues for a one-year period and may be extended by mutual
agreement of both parties.

The service contract for transport of liquid hydrocarbons of the North-Peruvian Oil Pipeline (“NOP”) and
Petroperu Saramuro agreements signed with Petroperu during 2019, include a clause to adjust the risk of
volatility of the international price of crude oil during the period in which Petroperu provides the service of
crude oil usage and until the Company returns the full amount of the volumes that were delivered in
advance. The price compensation is based on the 2 day average Brent oil price marker quotes (Brent
Platts and Brent ICE) to the points of shipment and returns. In case the average price shipment is greater
than the average price return, the Company will compensate Petroperu an amount equivalent to the
difference between both averages, multiplied by the volume sold or arranged by Petroperu. If the average
price shipment is lower than the average price return, the Company will be compensated by Petroperu.

On a monthly basis, the Company tracks the impact of fluctuating oil prices on volumes sold under both the
Swap Contract and Sales Contract, as a commodity derivative and, as a result of the recent drastic drop in
oil prices, the contingent liability accruing under these contracts is approximately $18 million and $24
million, respectively, at the end of March 2020. Given the current ONP timetable, it is expected that oil
delivered pursuant to the Swap Contract will be sold by Petroperu in Q3 2020, and oil delivered pursuant
to the Sales Contract will be sold by Petroperu commencing in Q4 2020, Under the terms of the Sales
Contract, the Company is required to settle this contingent liability when the balance exceeds $10 million.

On June 15, 2020, the Company entered into a contract with Petroperu to crystalize the contingent liability
to be paid over a three year period in equal installments with an interest rate around 7%. The agreement is
secured by the Company’s assets. The Company remains exposed to fluctuations in the commodity price
from the crystallization date of June 2020 and will realize the benefit or loss of fluctuations in the commodity
price when the oil is delivered as described above.

The $367 thousand fair value of the embedded derivative, considering an average future Brent price marker
differential was recorded as a loss on derivative expense and related derivative liability as at December 31,
2019.


                                                   Sales price         Future price               Net
                               Volume Bbl           US$/Bbl              US$/Bbl              Balance M$

 NOP Agreement
 August 2019 delivery             200,001              59.66                64.65                   997
 October 2019 delivery            207,922              64.37                63.44                  (193)
 December 2019 delivery           172,009              68.17                62.46                  (982)
 PetroPeru Saramuro
 December 2019 delivery           254,172             64.30                 64.00                   (77)
 December 2019 delivery            40,200             64.30                 64.00                   (12)
 December 2019 delivery            85,142             65.17                 64.00                  (100)
 Totals                                                                                            (367)
                                                               - 22 -



Tax Horizon

Based on NSAI production forecasts, planned capital expenditures and the forecast commodity pricing
applied in the NSAI Report, the Company estimates that it will not be required to pay current income taxes
until December 2021. The current corporate income tax is 32% and allows for the Company to deduct prior
capital spent against future net income. See "Risk Factors – Tax Risk".

Costs Incurred

The following table summarizes the Company's gross property acquisition costs, exploration costs and
development costs for the year ended December 31, 2019.

                                                                Capital Investment ($M)
                                      Property Acquisition Costs
                            Proved Properties           Unproved Properties         Exploration Costs     Development Costs
 Costs ($M)                         -                            -                         0.4                  88.4
Exploration and Development Activities

The following table summarizes the gross and net exploration and development wells in which the Company
participated during the year ended December 31, 2019.

                                             Development Wells                 Exploration Wells              Total Wells
                                            Gross         Net                 Gross          Net          Gross           Net
 Natural gas wells                            -             -                   -             -             -              -
 Oil wells                                    6             6                   -             -             6              6
 Water wells                                  1             1                   -             -             1              1
 Stratigraphic test wells                     -             -                   -             -             -              -
 Dry holes                                    -             -                   -             -             -              -
 Total                                        7             7                   -             -             7              7


Planned Capital Expenditures

The Company plans to continue to develop the reserves by drilling a series of horizontal wells into the
productive formation. The Company anticipates that 5 new wells will be required to produce the Company's
proved undeveloped reserves and an additional 9 new wells will be required to produce the Company's
proved plus probable reserves. Additionally, water injection wells, and equipment to inject the water back
into the formation for environmental purposes, will be required. The Company plans to focus on the
development of the proved plus probable reserves for the foreseeable future. As of the date hereof, the
Company has drilled and completed 5 wells in Bretaña in 2019 and expects to drill up to 5 additional wells
by the end of 2020.

Production Estimates

The following table discloses for each product type the total average daily volume of production estimated
by NSAI in the NSAI Report for 2020 in the estimates of future net revenue from gross proved and gross
proved plus probable reserves disclosed above.

                                                                                                        Heavy Oil
                                                                                                         (Bbls/d)
 Proved
  Peru                                                                                                    3,934
 Total Proved                                                                                             3,934
 Probable
  Peru                                                                                                    4,776
                                                     - 23 -


                                                                                        Heavy Oil
                                                                                         (Bbls/d)
 Total Probable                                                                           4,776
 Total Proved plus Probable                                                               8,710


Other Oil and Gas Information

The Company's primary development asset, the Bretaña oil field, is located in the Marañón Basin of
Northern Peru that has been producing since the early 1970's. The Bretaña field was drilled by Gran Tierra
Energy Inc. (GTE) after completing a detailed seismic program. The initial well eventually tested 3,095
Bbls/d, with an average of 2,550 Bbls/d, and was shut in pending the installation of facilities. GTE had also
drilled a water disposal well that will be used to reinject any water produced with future oil production.
PetroTal has brought the initial well back online. PetroTal is initially delivering its crude oil to the Iquitos
refinery via double-hull barges, and also delivering crude oil using the existing ONP (North Peruvian
Pipeline) that has capacity to deliver the crude to the West Coast of Peru. The Talara refinery near the
delivery point has capacity to accept the crude oil production from Bretaña. Alternatively, the Company
could export the crude oil.

Bretaña (Block 95)

Block 95, where the Bretaña Assets are located, is on the southeastern flank of the Marañón Basin. The
surface terrain is characterized by rainforest flood plains that can be covered by overflow of the Ucayali
River for five to six months of the year. The field itself is a large, gently dipping four-way closure with a
northwest-southeast trend. In 1974, Amoco Corporation drilled the 1-X discovery well, which encountered
oil within the Upper Cretaceous Vivian Formation and flowed at approximately 800 barrels of 18.5 degree-
API oil per day.

There are established infrastructure and export routes in northcentral onshore Peru, consisting of barging
and the ONP. It is expected that the ONP will be in full operation for the production stage of Bretaña and
that the barges will be available for the production stage of Bretaña to transport crude to the ONP access
point at Pump Station No. 1 in San Jose de Saramuro.

As at December 31, 2019, the Bretaña Assets included approximately 10,000 gross proved developed
(10,000 net developed acres) acres of total land, which is the expected area of the Bretaña oil field. The
Bretaña Assets include 6 gross (6 net producers ) wells in total, including the oil producer which was brought
on production during the year and 1 water injector wells as the other three wells were previously plugged
and abandoned (1-X-ST1, BS-2). As at December 31, 2019, 6 producing wells and one water disposal
were operating on the Bretaña Assets. The Company has a 100% working interest in the Bretaña Assets.
The initial water disposal was converted to an oil producer.

The following wells have been drilled and completed by the Company in the Bretaña field; 2-1XD, 01, 2XD,
3D, 4H, 5H and 2WD. The northern portion of the field is covered by sparse 2-D seismic line while the south
has more extensive coverage of 2-D and 3-D cube data.

                                          INDUSTRY CONDITIONS

The oil and natural gas industry is subject to extensive controls and regulations governing its operations
(including land tenure, acquisitions, transfers, exploration, development, production, refining,
transportation, marketing, pricing and taxation) imposed by legislation enacted by various levels of
government in Peru, all of which should be carefully considered by investors in the oil and gas industry. It
is not expected that any of these controls or regulations will affect the Company's operations in a manner
materially different than they would affect other oil and gas companies of similar size which are also
operating in Peru. All legislation is published in the Official Gazette, "El Peruano" and the Company is
                                                   - 24 -


unable to predict what additional legislation or amendments may be enacted. Outlined below are some of
the principal aspects of legislation, regulations and agreements governing the oil and gas industry in Peru.

Legislation and Regulation

Hydrocarbon Legislation

Peru's hydrocarbon legislation, which includes the Hydrocarbon Law, governs the Company's operations
in Peru. This legislation: (a) covers the entire range of petroleum operations; (b) defines the roles of
Peruvian government agencies that regulate and interact with the oil and gas industry; (c) provides that
private investors (both national and foreign) (hereafter, "Contractors") may make investments in the
petroleum sector; and (d) promotes the development of hydrocarbon activities by fostering competition and
access.

Under the Peruvian legal system, the state is the owner of all sub-surface hydrocarbons located within its
borders. The Peruvian government plays an active role in petroleum operations through various entities
and agencies, including:

    •   Perupetro: the state company responsible for promoting and overseeing investment in hydrocarbon
        exploration and production activities that is empowered, on behalf of the state, to enter into
        contracts with Contractors relating to exploration and production of petroleum and natural gas;

    •   the Ministry: the government department that establishes energy, mining and environmental
        protection policies, enacts rules applicable to these sectors and supervises compliance with such
        policies and rules;

    •   the Vice-Ministry of Hydrocarbons: the government department responsible for communicating with
        oil and gas companies that have current or planned investments in Peru;

    •   the General Directorate of Hydrocarbons: the agency of the Ministry responsible for regulating the
        development of oil and gas fields;

    •   the Direccion General de Asuntos Ambientales Energeticos: the agency of the Ministry responsible
        for reviewing and approving environmental regulations related to environment risks that result from
        hydrocarbon exploration and production activities;

    •   the Organismo Supervisor de la Inversión en Energía y Minería (OSINERGMIN): the government
        agency that monitors occupational health and safety standards in the hydrocarbon industry;

    •   the Environmental Evaluation and Fiscalization Entity (Organismo de Evaluación y Fiscalización
        Ambiental) (OEFA): the agency within the Ministry of the Environment that is responsible for
        ensuring Contractors' compliance with environmental rules and sanctioning non-compliant
        companies; and

    •   Servicio Nacional de Certificación Ambiental para las Inversiones Sostenibles (SENACE): the
        agency within the Ministry of the Environment which is in charge of the review and approval of
        detailed Environmental Impact Studies.

The Company is subject to the laws and regulations of all of these entities and agencies as well as the
Ministry of Agriculture, the Ministry of Culture and the Dirección General de Capitanías y Guardacostas del
Perú (DICAPI).

Exploration and Production Agreements
                                                      - 25 -


Contractors must enter into license agreements and/or service contracts with Perupetro prior to engaging
in oil and gas exploration and production activities in Peru. License agreements give Contractors the right
to both produce and sell hydrocarbons, whereas service contracts only entitle Contractors to produce
hydrocarbons. Peru's laws allow for other contract models, but such models must be authorized by the
Ministry.

Perupetro will only contract with Contractors that meet the qualifications specified in the regulations under
the Hydrocarbon Law. These qualifications require Contractors to have the technical, legal, economic and
financial capacity to comply with all obligations they will assume under the contracts. Perupetro's
assessment of whether Contractors are qualified is based, among other things, on the characteristics of the
land in question, the level of the Contractors' investments and whether the Contractors' operations are
governed by satisfactory environmental protection rules. When a Contractor is a foreign investor, it must
either: (a) incorporate a Peruvian subsidiary; or (b) register a local branch with local representatives in Peru.
Once Perupetro has confirmed qualifications, the qualified Contractor must be registered on the
Hydrocarbons Contractors Registry, administered by the Peruvian Public Records Office.

The Company operates in Peru through PetroTal Peru S.R.L., a wholly-owned subsidiary of Peru HoldCo,
and Petrolifera Petroleum Del Peru S.R.L. The Company is required to guarantee its subsidiary's
obligations. Such guarantee provides for joint and several liability to Perupetro with respect to the fulfillment
of PetroTal Peru S.R.L.'s responsibilities, including with respect to minimum work program requirements.
On August 2, 2018, Perupetro qualified the Company as an operator in Peru after which the Company
made application and filed the needed paperwork to issue new guarantees to Perupetro.

The Company and its subsidiaries have been qualified by Perupetro with respect to all license agreements.
Perupetro reviews Contractors' qualifications each time they prepare to enter into an exploration and
production agreement.

Pursuant to the license agreements, Contractors acquire the right to explore for and produce hydrocarbons
in a specified area. Perupetro transfers the property right in the extracted hydrocarbons to the licensee and,
in consideration for such right, the licensee must pay a royalty to the state. The determination of the royalties
is made according to the production of hydrocarbons in the area of such agreement. The payment of the
royalty depends on the valorization methodology established in each license agreement. The licensee is
entitled to market or export such hydrocarbons in any manner whatsoever, in accordance with the terms of
the license agreement, and can fix hydrocarbon sales prices according to market forces, subject to a
limitation in the case of natural emergencies, in which case the law stipulates such manner of marketing.

License agreements contemplate an exploration phase and an exploitation phase. Oil and gas licenses are
typically granted for fixed terms with opportunity for extension. The duration of the license agreements is
based on the nature of the hydrocarbons discovered. The license agreement duration for crude oil is 30
years, while the contract duration for natural gas and condensates is 40 years. These durations include the
exploration and discovery phases. In the event a block contains both oil and gas the 40-year term may
apply to oil exploration and production as well. The license agreement commences on the date established
in the license agreement. Most contracts include an exploration phase and an exploitation phase, unless
the contract is solely an exploitation contract. Within the contract term, seven years is allotted to exploration,
with the possibility of an extension of up to three years, granted at the discretion of Perupetro. A potential
retention period for a maximum of five years (ten years for natural gas) is also available if certain factors
recognized by law delay the economic viability of a discovery, such as a lack of transportation facilities or
a lack of a market. The exploration phase is generally divided into several periods and each period includes
a minimum work program. The term of the exploration phase may last longer than the prescribed seven
years, or ten years if the three-year extension was granted, as the time elapsed for the approval of the
respective environmental permits is not taken into consideration as part of the respective exploration period.
However, the term of the license agreement stays the same. The fulfillment of the minimum work program
must be supported by an irrevocable bank guarantee, which amount is determined taking into consideration
the estimated value of the minimum work program.
                                                    - 26 -


Upon a declared discovery, and at the Contractor's request, the exploitation phase commences with a 30
year term (40 years for natural gas), which term includes the 7-year exploration period, extendable under
certain circumstances. If a discovery is made but, for reasons relating to transportation, it is non-
commercial, the Contractor may request a retention period of up to five years (ten years for natural gas) in
order to make transportation feasible. All discoveries must be reported to Perupetro. At the end of the
exploration phase, the contractor must declare commerciality or return the block.

Contractors are obligated to submit monthly reports to Perupetro. Contractors must also submit a monthly
economic report to the Central Reserve Bank of Peru. These reports are generally combined and delivered
together with other operating reports required to be submitted to Perupetro.

The Company has two license agreements. As of the date hereof, the Company believes it is in compliance
with all of the material requirements of each contract. The Company has executed certain letters of
guarantee in favor of Perupetro to insure performance under the license agreements. Should the Company
fail to fulfill its minimum work program obligations under any of the license agreements without technical
justification or other good cause, Perupetro could seek recourse to the letters of credit posted as a
guarantee for the performance of the license agreements, the parent company guarantees and terminate
the license agreement.

Peruvian Fiscal Regime

Peru's fiscal regime determines the government's entitlement from petroleum activities. This regime is
subject to change, which could negatively impact the Company's business. However, the Hydrocarbon Law
and the regulations thereunder governing the tax stability guarantee and other tax rules provide that the tax
regime in force on the date of signing a contract will remain unchanged during the term of the contract.
Therefore, any change to the tax regime, which results in either an increase or decrease in the tax burden,
will not affect the Contractor.

During the exploration phase, Contractors are exempt from import duties and other forms of taxation
applicable to goods intended for exploration activities. Exemptions are withdrawn at the production phase,
but exceptions are made in certain instances, and the operator may be entitled to temporarily import goods
tax-free for a two-year period ("Temporary Import"). A Temporary Import may be extended for additional
one year periods for up to two years upon: (a) the Contractor's request; (b) approval of the Ministry; and (c)
authorization of the Superintendencia Nacional de Aduanas y de Administracion Tributaria (Peruvian
Customs Agency).

Taxable income is determined by deducting allowable operating and administrative expenses, including
royalty payments. Income tax is levied on the income of the Contractor based upon the legal corporate tax
rate in effect at the date the license agreement was signed. As of the date hereof, the statutory tax rate
applicable to corporate income in Peru is 29.5%, plus an additional 2% rate for Hydrocarbon activities. Tax
losses can be carried forward for five years or, at a company's election, indefinitely with a restriction that
they can be used to offset only up to 50% of taxable income in any given year. The Organic Law for
Hydrocarbons and the related tax regulations ensure that the tax regime in effect at the signing date of each
license will not change during the life of that license. Taxpayers in Peru are required to make estimated
monthly tax payments which can be refunded at the end of the fiscal year if they exceed the actual income
tax assessed.

Contractors engaged in the exploration and production of crude oil, natural gas and condensates must
determine their taxable income separately for each license agreement under which they operate. Where a
Contractor carries out these activities under different individual license agreements, it may offset its
earnings before income tax under one license agreement with losses under another license agreement, for
purposes of determining the corporate income tax, provided that the individual license agreements are held
by the same entity, as Peruvian tax law does not permit filing a consolidated tax return for related
companies. However, under no circumstances can the investment in the producing property be amortized
for tax purposes unless the Contractor is under the commercial stage of production.
                                                     - 27 -


Peruvian Labor and Safety Legislation

Oil and gas operations in Peru are subject to the Productivity and Labor Competitiveness Law (the "Labor
Law"), which governs the labor force in the petroleum sector. In addition to the Labor Law, the Hydrocarbon
Law and related safety regulations for the petroleum industry also regulate the safety and health of workers
involved in the development of hydrocarbon activities. All entities engaged in the performance of activities
related to the petroleum industry must provide the General Hydrocarbons Bureau with the list of their
personnel on a semi-annual basis, indicating their nationality, specialty and position. These entities must
also train their workers on the application of safety measures in the operations and control of disasters and
emergencies. The regulations also contain provisions on accident prevention and personnel health and
safety, which in turn include rules on living conditions, sanitary facilities, water quality at workplaces,
medical assistance and first-aid services. Provisions specifically related to oil and gas exploration also
contained in the regulations and include safety measures related to camps, medical assistance, food
conditions, and handling of explosives. Additional safety regulations may become applicable as the
Company expands and develops its operations.

The Labor Law and the regulations thereunder define the employer/employee relationship. Employers may
only terminate the employment relationship for just cause as established in the Labor Law. If an employee
is terminated for any reason other than those listed in the Labor Law, the employee would be entitled to
claim the payment of a severance for arbitrary dismissal (equal to 1.5 times the monthly salary for every
year of services), or to request the reinstatement of his or her position.

The Constitution of Peru and Legislative Decree Nos. 677 and 892 give employees of private companies
engaged in activities generating income, as defined by the Income Tax Law, the right to share in a
company's profits. This profit sharing is carried out through the distribution by the company of a percentage
of the annual income before tax. According to Article 3 of the United Nations International Standard
Industrial Classification, the Company's tax category is classified under the "mining companies" section,
which sets the rate at 8%. However, in Peru, the Hydrocarbon Law states, and the Supreme Court ruled,
that hydrocarbons are not related to mining activities. Hydrocarbons are included under "Companies
Performing Other Activities," and as a result, oil and gas companies pay profit sharing at a rate of 5%. The
profit sharing benefit granted by the law to employees is calculated on the basis of the "net income subject
to taxation" and not on the net business or accounting income of companies. "Taxable income" is obtained
after deducting from total revenues subject to income tax, the expenses required to produce them or
maintain the source thereof.

Any party engaging in hydrocarbon activities must file an "Oil Spill and Emergency Contingency Plan" with
the General Directorate of Hydrocarbons, a department of the Ministry. Such plans must be updated
annually and must contain information regarding the measures to be taken in the event of emergencies
such as spills, explosions, fires, accidents and evacuations.

Peruvian Environmental Legislation and Regulation

The Company's operations are subject to numerous laws and regulations governing the discharge of
materials into the environment or otherwise relating to environmental protection. Peru has enacted specific
environmental regulations applicable to the hydrocarbon industry. The General Environmental Law
establishes a framework within which all specific laws and regulations applicable to each sector of the
economy are to be developed. Peru has enacted amendments to its environmental laws, imposing
restrictions on the use of natural resources, interference with the natural environment, location of facilities,
development of activities in natural protected areas, handling and storage of hydrocarbons, use of
radioactive material, disposal of waste, emission of noise and other activities. Additionally, the laws require
monitoring and reporting obligations in the event of any spillage or unregulated discharge of hydrocarbons.
These laws and regulations are designed to ensure a continual balance of environmental and petroleum
interests, and are subject to change. The regulations stipulate certain environmental standards expected
from contractors. They also specify appropriate sanctions to be enforced if a contractor fails to maintain
such standards. The OEFA is the agency within the Ministry of the Environment that is responsible for
                                                   - 28 -


evaluating and ensuring compliance with applicable environmental laws and regulations covering
hydrocarbon activities, and for sanctioning non-compliant companies.

The Environmental Regulations for Hydrocarbon Activities provide that companies participating in the
implementation of projects, performance of work and operation of facilities related to hydrocarbon activities
are responsible for the emission, discharge and disposal of wastes into the environment. Such companies
must file an annual report describing the company's compliance with the current environmental legislation.

For each proposed project, a company involved in hydrocarbon activities must prepare and file an
Environmental Impact Assessment ("EIA") (which content and level of detail could vary depending on the
impacts of the specific project) with the SENACE, an agency of the Ministry of Environment, in order for a
company to demonstrate that its activities will not adversely affect the environment and to show compliance
with the maximum permissible emission limits set forth by the Ministry. Such proposals must be approved
by the SENACE prior to the development of the activities included in such instrument. The Company has
prepared an EIA and expects to obtain environmental approvals for its operations in early May 2019.

Any failure to comply with environmental protection laws and regulations, the import of contaminated
products, or the failure to keep a monitoring register or send reports in a timely fashion could subject the
responsible company to fines.

In addition to certain pollution coverage related to our surface facilities, the Company maintains insurance
coverage for seepage and pollution, cleanup and contamination from its wells. However, no such coverage
can insure the Company fully against all risks, including environmental risks.

Climate Change Regulation

Peru is a signatory to the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change (the "UNFCCC"),
which was entered into in order work towards stabilizing atmospheric concentrations of greenhouse gas
("GHG") emissions at a level to prevent "dangerous anthropogenic interference with the climate system".
The UNFCCC came into force on March 21, 1994. Subsequent international negotiations led to the Kyoto
Protocol, an international treaty which extends the UNFCCC and commits its signatories to reduce GHG
emissions. The Kyoto Protocol was adopted in December 1997 and came into force on February 16, 2005.
On December 12, 2015, the UNFCCC adopted the Paris Agreement, which Peru ratified on July 25, 2016.
Under the Paris Agreement, countries have also committed to an ambitious goal of holding the increase in
global average temperature to well below 2 degrees Celsius above pre-industrial levels, while they pursue
efforts to limit the temperature increase to 1.5 degrees Celsius above pre-industrial levels. As of March 12,
2020, 189 of the 197 parties to the convention have ratified the Paris Agreement. In December 2019, the
United Nations annual Conference of the Parties took place in Madrid, Spain. The Conference concluded
with the attendees delaying decisions about prospective carbon market and emissions cuts until the next
climate conference to be held in Glasgow in 2020. However, the European Union reached an agreement
about "The European Green New Deal" that aims to lower emissions to zero by 2050.

In September 2015, Peru submitted its Intended Nationally Determined Contribution to the UNFCCC
Secretariat, pledging a 30% reduction from 2010 levels – compared to a business as usual baseline
scenario – by 2030.

GHG emissions legislation is emerging and is subject to change. For example, on an international level,
almost 200 nations agreed on December 12, 2015, to an international climate change agreement in Paris,
France, that calls for countries to set their own GHG emission targets and be transparent about the
measures each country will use to achieve its GHG emission targets. Although it is not possible at this time
to predict how legislation or new regulations that may be adopted to address GHG emissions would impact
the business of the Company, any such future laws and regulations that limit emissions of GHGs could
adversely affect demand for the oil and natural gas produced by the Company.
                                                     - 29 -


The Company anticipates that future legislation may require the reduction of GHG emissions at the
Company's operations and facilities. The Company will be committed to meeting its responsibilities under
any legislation involving GHG reduction requirements in the future, which may require the Company to
increase capital and/or operating expenses. In addition, failure to comply with current or proposed
regulations can have a material adverse effect on the Company's operations, operating expenses,
compliance costs and/or may lead to the modification or cancellation of operating licenses and permits,
penalties and other corrective actions.

Environmental Regulation

The oil and natural gas industry is subject to environmental regulations in Peru, all of which is subject to
governmental review and revision from time to time. Such legislation relates to environmental impact
studies, the discharge of pollutants into air and water, management of hazardous waste, including its
transportation, storage, and disposal, permitting for the construction of facilities, recycling requirements and
reclamation standards, and the protection of natural areas, certain plants and animal species,
archaeological remains, among others, and provides for restrictions and prohibitions on the release or
emitting of various substances produced in association with certain oil and gas industry operations, such
as sulphur dioxide and nitrous oxide. In addition, such legislation sets out the requirements for the
satisfactory abandonment and reclamation of well and facility sites. Compliance with such legislation can
require significant expenditures and a breach of such requirements may result in suspension or revocation
of necessary licenses and authorizations, civil liability for pollution damage, and the imposition of material
fines and penalties.

Availability of Services

The availability of the services necessary to drill and complete the types of oil wells that form a substantial
portion of the Company's planned exploration and development activities may be constrained due to
demand and competition for such services. The oil and gas industry in South America is not as developed
as the oil and gas industry in North America. As a result, the Company's exploration and development
activities may take longer to complete and may be more expensive than similar operations in North America.
The availability of technical expertise, specific equipment and supplies may be more limited than in North
America.

                                               RISK FACTORS

Investors should carefully consider the risk factors set out below and consider all other information
contained herein and in the Company's other public filings before making an investment decision. The risks
set out below are not an exhaustive list, and should not be taken as a complete summary or description of
all the risks associated with the Company's business and the oil and natural gas business generally.

Overview

The Company's business consists of the exploration for, and the development and production of crude oil
projects, with properties primarily in Peru. There are a number of inherent risks associated with the
exploration and production of oil reserves. There are also numerous additional risks associated with
operating in a developing country such as Peru. Many of these risks are beyond the control of the Company.

Nature of Business

An investment in the Company should be considered highly speculative due to the nature of the Company's
involvement in the exploration for, and the acquisition, production and marketing of, oil reserves in a
developing country and its current stage of development. Oil and gas operations involve many risks which
even a combination of experience, knowledge and careful evaluation may not be able to overcome. There
is no assurance that further commercial quantities of oil will be discovered or acquired by the Company, or
that the Company will be able to successfully exploit its current reserves.
                                                      - 30 -


Commodity Price Volatility

The Company's results of operations and financial condition are dependent on the prevailing prices of crude
oil and natural gas. Crude oil and natural gas prices have fluctuated widely in the recent past and are
subject to fluctuations in response to relatively minor changes in supply, demand, market uncertainty and
other factors that are beyond the Company's control. Crude oil and natural gas prices are impacted by a
number of factors including, but not limited to: the global supply of and demand for crude oil and natural
gas; global economic conditions; the actions of the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries
("OPEC"); government regulation; political stability and geopolitical factors; the ability to transport crude to
markets; developments related to the market for liquefied natural gas; the availability and prices of alternate
fuel sources; and weather conditions. All of these factors are beyond the Company's control and can result
in a high degree of price volatility.

Market events and conditions, including global excess oil and natural gas supply, recent actions taken by
OPEC, Russia's recent withdrawal from OPEC, sanctions against Iran and Venezuela, slowing growth in
China and emerging economies, weakening global relationships, conflict between China and Iran,
isolationist and punitive trade policies, shale production in the United States, sovereign debt levels and
political upheavals in various countries including growing anti-hydrocarbon sentiment, the outbreak of
COVID-19 and talk of supply increases from Saudi Arabia and Russia, have caused significant volatility in
commodity prices. In addition, continued hostilities in the Middle East and the occurrence or threat of
terrorist attacks, including attacks on oil infrastructure in oil producing nations, in the United States or other
countries could adversely affect the economies of Peru, the United States and other countries. These
events and conditions have caused a significant reduction in the valuation of oil and natural gas companies
and a decrease in confidence in the oil and natural gas industry.

Fluctuations in currency exchange rates further compound this volatility when the commodity prices, which
are generally set in United States dollars, are stated in Canadian dollars or Peruvian soles. The Company's
financial performance also depends on revenues from the sale of commodities which differ in quality and
location from underlying commodity prices quoted on financial exchanges. Of particular importance are the
price differentials between the Company's light/medium oil and heavy oil (in particular the light/heavy
differential) and quoted market prices. Not only are these discounts influenced by regional supply and
demand factors, they are also influenced by other factors such as transportation costs, capacity and
interruptions; refining demand; the availability and cost of diluent used to blend and transport product; and
the quality of the oil produced, all of which are beyond the Company's control. See also "Variations in
Foreign Exchange Rates and Interest Rates".

Fluctuations in the price of commodities and associated price differentials may impact the value of the
Company's assets and the ability to maintain its business and to fund growth projects. Prolonged periods
of commodity price depression and volatility may also negatively impact the Company's ability to meet
guidance targets and meet all of its financial obligations as they come due. Any substantial and extended
decline in the price of oil would have an adverse effect on the Company's carrying value of its reserves,
borrowing capacity, revenues, profitability and cash flows from operations and may have a material adverse
effect on the Company's business, financial condition, results of operations, prospects and the level of
expenditures for the development of oil reserves, including delay or cancellation of existing or future drilling
or development programs or curtailment in production.

Crude oil and natural gas prices are expected to remain volatile for the near future as a result of market
uncertainties over the supply and the demand of these commodities due to the current state of the world
economies and OPEC actions. Volatile oil and gas prices make it difficult to estimate the value of producing
properties for acquisition and often cause disruption in the market for oil and gas producing properties, as
buyers and sellers have difficulty agreeing on such value. Price volatility also makes it difficult to budget for
and project the return on acquisitions and development and exploitation projects.

In addition, future bank borrowings available to the Company may, in part, be determined by the Company's
borrowing base.
                                                    - 31 -


The Company conducts regular assessments of the carrying value of its assets in accordance with IFRS.
If crude oil prices decline significantly and remain at low levels for an extended period of time, the carrying
value of the Company's assets may be subject to impairment.

Public Health Crisis

The Company's business, operations and financial condition could be materially adversely affected by the
outbreak of epidemics or pandemics or other health crisis. In December 2019, COVID-19 was reported to
have surfaced in Wuhan, China; on January 30, 2020, the World Health Organization ("WHO") declared
the outbreak a global health emergency; and on March 11, 2020 the WHO declared the outbreak of COVID-
19 a global pandemic. In China, reactions to the spread of COVID-19 have led to, among other things,
significant restrictions on travel within China, temporary business closures, quarantines and a general
reduction in consumer activity. The outbreak has spread throughout Europe and the Middle East with cases
of COVID-19 increasing in Canada and the United States. The spread of COVID-19 has led companies and
various international jurisdictions to impose restrictions such as quarantines, business closures and travel
restrictions. While these effects are expected to be temporary, the duration of the business disruptions
internationally and related financial impact cannot be reasonably estimated at this time. Similarly, the
Company cannot estimate whether or to what extent this pandemic and the potential financial impact may
extend to countries outside of those currently impacted.

Such public health crises can result in volatility and disruptions in the supply and demand for oil and natural
gas, global supply chains and financial markets, as well as declining trade and market sentiment and
reduced mobility of people, all of which could affect commodity prices, interest rates, credit ratings, credit
risk and inflation. In particular, crude oil prices have significantly weakened in response to the outbreak of
COVID-19. The risks to the Company of such public health crises also include risks to employee health and
safety and a slowdown or temporary suspension of operations in geographic locations impacted by an
outbreak. At this point, the extent to which COVID-19 may impact the Company is uncertain; however, it is
possible that COVID-19 may have a material adverse effect on the Company's business, results of
operations and financial condition.

Trade Relations

To the extent that certain political actions taken in North America, Europe and elsewhere in the world result
in a marked decrease in free trade, access to personnel and freedom of movement, it could have an adverse
effect on PetroTal's ability to market products internationally, increase costs for goods and services required
for operations, reduce access to skilled labour and negatively affect business, operations, financial
conditions and the market value of the Common Shares.

Major developments in tax policy or trade relations, such as the replacement of the North American Free
Trade Agreement with the United States-Canada-Mexico Agreement effective as of March 13, 2020, or the
imposition of tariffs, could have a material adverse effect on the Company.

Further, unlegislated proposals from the government of the United States have contemplated prohibitive
actions against foreign businesses competing in the United States economy. It is uncertain whether the
government of the United States will proceed with any proposed or contemplated actions, or the effects
those actions may have on the Company.

Peru and ten other countries have agreed on the text of the Comprehensive and Progressive Agreement
for Trans-Pacific Partnership (the "CPTPP"), which is intended to allow for preferential market access
among the countries that are parties to the CPTPP. The CPTPP is in force among the first seven countries
to ratify the agreement, including Canada, Australia, Japan, Mexico, New Zealand, Vietnam and Singapore.
The agreement remains subject to ratification by the governments of the remaining three countries.

While it is uncertain what effect CPTPP or any other trade agreements will have on the oil and gas industry
in Peru, the lack of available infrastructure for the offshore export of oil and gas may limit the ability of
Peruvian oil and gas producers to benefit from such trade agreements.
                                                     - 32 -


Capital Lending Markets

As a result of recent economic uncertainties in the oil and gas industry and, in particular, the lack of risk
capital available to the junior resource sector, particularly those in emerging market jurisdictions, the
Company, along with other junior resource entities, may have reduced access to bank debt and to equity.
As future capital expenditures will be financed out of funds generated from operations, bank borrowings, if
available, and possible issuances of debt or equity securities, the Company's ability to fund future capital
expenditures is dependent on, among other factors, the overall state of lending and capital markets and
investor and lender appetite for investments in the energy industry, generally, and the Company's securities
in particular.

To the extent that external sources of capital become limited, unavailable or available only on onerous
terms, the Company's ability to invest and to maintain existing assets or implement the exploration or
development plan, or complete acquisitions or otherwise take advantage of business opportunities or
respond to competitive pressures, may be impaired, and its assets, liabilities, business, financial condition
and results of operations may be materially and adversely affected as a result.

Local Legal, Political and Economic Factors

The Company operates its business in Peru and may eventually expand to other countries. Exploration and
production operations in foreign countries are subject to legal, political and economic uncertainties,
including terrorism, military repression, social unrest, strikes by local or national labor groups, interference
with private contract rights (such as nationalization), vexatious litigation, extreme fluctuations in currency
exchange rates, high rates of inflation, exchange controls, changes in tax rates, changes in laws or policies
affecting environmental issues (including land use and water use), workplace safety, foreign investment,
foreign trade, investment or taxation, as well as restrictions imposed on the oil and natural gas industry,
such as restrictions on production, price controls and export controls.

South America has a history of political and economic instability. This instability could result in new
governments or the adoption of new policies, laws or regulations that might assume a substantially more
hostile attitude toward foreign investment, including the imposition of additional taxes. In an extreme case,
such a change could result in renegotiation or termination of existing concessions and contract rights and
expropriation of foreign-owned assets without fair compensation. Any changes in oil and gas or investment
regulations and policies or a shift in political attitudes in Peru or other countries in which the Company may
operate are beyond its control and may significantly hamper its ability to expand its operations or operate
its business at a profit.

Changes in laws in the jurisdiction in which the Company operates or expands into with the effect of favoring
local enterprises, and changes in political views regarding the exploitation and protection of natural
resources and economic pressures, may make it more difficult for the Company to negotiate agreements
on favorable terms, obtain required licenses, comply with regulations or effectively adapt to adverse
economic changes, such as increased taxes, higher costs, inflationary pressure and currency fluctuations.

In certain jurisdictions, the commitment of local business people, government officials and agencies and
the judicial system to abide by legal requirements and negotiated agreements may be more uncertain,
creating particular concerns with respect to licenses and agreements for business. These licenses and
agreements may be susceptible to revision or cancellation and legal redress may be uncertain or delayed.

Peru has experienced fluctuating inflation rates since 2002. There can be no assurance that any
governmental action will be taken to control inflationary or deflationary situations or that any such action
will be effective. Future governmental action may trigger inflationary or deflationary cycles or otherwise
contribute to economic uncertainty. Additionally, changes in inflation or deflation rates and governmental
actions taken in response to such changes may affect currency values. Any such events or changes could
have a material adverse effect on the Company's operations and financial condition.
                                                     - 33 -


Geographic Concentration

The geographic concentration of the Company's properties in Peru subjects the Company to an incremental
risk of loss of revenue or curtailment of production from factors affecting that region specifically. Should that
region experience abnormal weather events (such as El Niño, which may cause excessive rainfall and
flooding in Peru), delays from or decreases in production, the availability of equipment, facilities or services,
capacity to gather, process or transport production or a political or regulatory adverse change, all of the
Company's properties could be impacted, amplifying the impact relative to other competitors operating over
a wider geographic area.

Political Developments in Peru

Peru's history since the mid-1980s has been one of political and economic instability under both
democratically elected and dictatorial governments. These governments have frequently intervened in the
national economy and social structure, including periodically imposing various controls the effects of which
have been to restrict the ability of both domestic and foreign companies to freely operate. Peru's recent
political and fiscal regimes were generally favourable to the oil and gas industry and have been relatively
stable. However, there is a risk that this will change.

Current or future political regimes may adopt new policies, laws and regulations that are more hostile toward
foreign investment which may result in the imposition of additional taxes, the adoption of regulations that
limit price increases, termination of contract rights, or the expropriation of foreign-owned assets. Such
actions by the elected political regime could limit the amount of the Company's future revenue in that country
and affect its operations.

The Company's interests and operations may be affected by government regulations with respect to
restrictions on property access, permitting, price controls, export controls, foreign exchange controls,
income taxes, foreign investment, expropriation of property and environmental legislation.

There is also a risk of other adverse developments, such as labour unrest, widespread civil unrest or
rebellion, which may adversely affect the Company. Labour in Peru is customarily unionized and there are
risks that labour unrest or wage agreements may adversely impact the Company's operations.

Guerrilla and Indigenous Activity

Peru has a publicized history of security problems. The Shining Path, a guerrilla rebel organization, has
been active in Peru since the early 1980's and, at one point, was active throughout the country. Recently,
the group's activity has been confined to small areas of Peru; its operations have been hampered by the
capture of many high profile leaders; and membership has fallen dramatically.

The Company's operations in Peru are in a different region, with no known activity by the group. However,
other groups may be active in other areas of the country and possibly the Company's operational areas.

In addition to The Shining Path, blockades by indigenous groups have also caused disruptions to oil and
gas activities in Peru. Under Peruvian law, the government is required to undertake a prior consultation
process with indigenous groups that may be affected by national or regional projects in order to ensure
appropriate consideration is given to their interest in the land. Any disagreements between an indigenous
group and the terms of an agreement that was entered into as a result of the prior consultation process
must be resolved directly between the Peruvian government and the affected indigenous group.

The Company may seek to enter into cooperation agreements with affected indigenous groups with the aim
of protecting, respecting and strengthening traditional practices and preserving cultural heritage.

NGO Activity Against Peruvian Oil and Gas Operators
                                                     - 34 -


Under Peruvian law, prospective operators must evaluate whether potential projects will be located within,
or adjacent to, lands occupied by an indigenous community. Furthermore, indigenous communities retain
the right to be consulted in the process to ensure appropriate consideration is given to their interest in the
law. Any disagreements between an indigenous group and the terms of an agreement that was entered as
a result of the prior consultation process must be resolved directly between the Peruvian government and
the affected indigenous group.

Such disputes arising from issues relating to indigenous land rights remain contentious, especially in the
Amazon region. The grievances typically relate to oil and gas companies infringing on the indigenous
communities' land ownership rights and exposing isolated communities to diseases to which they are not
immune. Although Peruvian authorities have now implemented measures to reduce tensions with
indigenous communities, a certain level of tension does still exist. Environmental activist activity is also
prevalent in Peru, with significant overlap between indigenous land rights and environmental activism.
Environmental activists also hold grievances with oil and gas companies, specifically oil spills from pipelines
and the contamination of drinking water.

Indigenous and NGO activism can manifest itself in violent civil unrest, including erecting road and river
blockages, occupation of key infrastructure, such as refineries and airports, and kidnapping of oil workers.

To date, the Company has experienced no material issues with indigenous and NGO activism on its current
asset base. In the event this situation changes for the negative, the Company may seek to enter into
cooperation agreements with affected indigenous groups with the aim of protecting, respecting and
strengthening traditional practices and preserving cultural heritage, and ultimately avoiding a disruption to
operations.

Markets and Marketing

The marketability and price of crude oil and natural gas that may be acquired or discovered by the Company
is, and will continue to be, affected by numerous factors beyond its control. The Company's ability to market
its crude oil may depend upon its ability to acquire space on pipelines such as the ONP or other means of
transport to bring such crude oil to commercial markets. The Company may also be affected by deliverability
uncertainties related to the proximity of its reserves to pipelines and processing and storage facilities and
operational problems affecting such pipelines and facilities as well as extensive government regulation
relating to price, taxes, royalties, land tenure, allowable production, the export of oil and many other aspects
of the oil and gas business.

During 2018, the Company entered into agreements and began shipping crude oil to market via barge to a
nearby refinery and by barge and truck to a refinery in Lima. The Company has established routes to market
the oil it produces. The Company will continue to develop access to markets to assure oil sales and cash
flow.

Exploration and Production Risks

Oil and natural gas exploration involves a high degree of risk and there is no assurance that expenditures
made on exploration by the Company will result in new discoveries of oil or natural gas in commercial
quantities. It is difficult to project the costs of implementing an exploratory drilling program due to the
inherent uncertainties of drilling in unknown formations, the costs associated with encountering various
drilling conditions such as over pressured zones and tools lost in the hole, and changes in drilling plans and
locations as a result of prior exploratory wells or additional seismic data and interpretations thereof.

The long term commercial success of the Company depends on its ability to find, acquire, develop and
commercially produce oil resources or reserves. No assurance can be given that the Company will be able
to locate satisfactory properties for acquisition or participation. Moreover, if such acquisitions or
participations are identified, the Company may determine that current markets, terms of acquisition and
participation or pricing conditions make such acquisitions or participations uneconomic.
                                                     - 35 -


Future oil and gas exploration may involve unprofitable efforts, not only from dry wells, but from wells that
are productive but do not produce sufficient net revenues to return a profit after drilling, operating and other
costs. Completion of a well does not assure a profit on the investment or recovery of drilling, completion
and operating costs. In addition, drilling hazards or environmental damage could greatly increase the cost
of operations, and various field operating conditions may adversely affect the production from successful
wells. These conditions include delays in obtaining governmental approvals or consents, shut-ins of
connected wells resulting from extreme weather conditions, insufficient storage or transportation capacity
or other geological and mechanical conditions. While close well supervision and effective maintenance
operations can contribute to maximizing production rates over time, production delays and declines from
normal field operating conditions cannot be eliminated and can be expected to adversely affect revenue
and cash flow levels to varying degrees.

In addition, oil and gas operations are subject to the risks of exploration, development and production of oil
and natural gas properties, including encountering unexpected formations or pressures, premature declines
of reservoirs, blow outs, cratering, sour gas releases, fires, spills or leaks. These risks could result in
personal injury, loss of life, and environmental or property damage. Losses resulting from the occurrence
of any of these risks could have a materially adverse effect on future results of operations, liquidity and
financial conditions.

Weakness in the Oil and Gas Industry

Recent market events and conditions, including global excess oil and natural gas supply, actions taken by
OPEC, slowing growth in emerging economies, market volatility, sovereign debt levels and political
upheavals in various countries have caused significant weakness and volatility in commodity prices. These
events and conditions have caused a significant decrease in the valuation of oil and gas companies and a
decrease in confidence in the oil and gas industry. Lower commodity prices may also affect the volume and
value of the Company's reserves, rendering certain reserves uneconomic. In addition, lower commodity
prices have restricted, and may continue to restrict, the Company's cash flow resulting in a reduced capital
expenditure budget. Consequently, the Company may not be able to replace its production with additional
reserves and both the Company's production and reserves could be reduced on a year over year basis.

Fiscal and Royalty Regimes

Peru has legislation and regulations which govern land tenure, drilling and construction permits, royalties,
production rates, environmental protection and other matters. The royalty regime is a significant factor in
the profitability of oil and natural gas production. The determination of the royalties is made according to
the production of hydrocarbons in the area of such agreement. The payment of the royalty depends on the
valorization methodology established in each license agreement. See "Industry Conditions".

Laws and Regulations

Oil and natural gas operations (exploration, production, pricing, marketing and transportation) are subject
to extensive controls and regulations imposed by various levels of government in Peru and internationally
that may be amended from time to time.

The Company is subject to laws and regulations that can adversely affect the cost, manner and feasibility
of its operations. Because the oil and gas industry in Peru is less developed than elsewhere, changes in
laws and interpretations of laws are more likely to occur than in countries with a more developed oil and
gas industry. Future laws or regulations, as well as any adverse change in the interpretation of existing laws
or our failure to comply with existing legal requirements may harm the Company's results of operations and
financial condition.

In order to comply with laws and regulations, the Company may be required to make unanticipated
expenditures relating, among other things, to: (a) work program guarantees and other financial
responsibility requirements; (b) taxation; (c) royalty requirements; (d) customer requirements; (e) employee
                                                      - 36 -


compensation and benefit costs; (f) operational reporting; (g) environmental and safety requirements; and
(h) unitization requirements.

Health and Safety

The Company is subject to labor and health and safety laws and regulations, at a national, state and local
level in Peru, that govern, among other things, the relationship between the Company and its employees
and the health and safety of the Company's employees. For example, the Company is required to adopt
certain measures to safeguard the health and safety of its employees, as well as third parties, in its facilities.
In the event that compliance by the Company with such requirements is reviewed by the applicable
authorities and a decision that the Company violated any labor laws, results from such review, the Company
may be exposed to penalties and sanctions, including the payment of fines and, depending on the level of
severity of the infraction, exposed to the closure of its facilities and/or stoppage of its operations and the
cancellation or suspension of governmental registrations, authorizations and licenses, any one of which
may result in interruption or discontinuity of activities in the Company's facilities, and materially and
adversely affect the Company.

Insurance

The Company's involvement in the exploration for and development of oil and gas properties may result in
the Company becoming subject to liability for pollution, blow-outs, property damage, personal injury or other
hazards. Although the Company has obtained insurance in accordance with industry standards to address
such risks, such insurance has limitations on liability that may not be sufficient to cover the full extent of
such liabilities. In addition, such risks or additional risks may not, in all circumstances be insurable or, in
certain circumstances, the Company may elect not to obtain insurance to deal with specific risks due to the
high premiums associated with such insurance or for other reasons. The payment of such uninsured
liabilities would reduce the funds available to the Company. The occurrence of a significant event that the
Company is not fully insured against, or the insolvency of the insurer of such event, could have a material
adverse effect on the Company's financial position, results of operations or prospects.

Project Risks

The Company manages and participates in a variety of small and large projects in the conduct of its
business. Project delays may delay expected revenues from operations. Project cost estimates may not be
accurate due to a lack of history of comparable projects. Furthermore, significant project cost over-runs
could make a project uneconomic.

The Company's ability to execute projects and market oil will depend upon numerous factors beyond the
Company's control, including: the availability of processing capacity; the availability and proximity of pipeline
capacity; the availability of storage capacity; the supply of and demand for oil and natural gas; the availability
of alternative fuel sources; the effects of inclement weather; the availability of drilling and related equipment;
unexpected cost increases; accidental events; currency fluctuations; changes in regulations; the availability
and productivity of skilled labour; and the regulation of the oil and natural gas industry by various levels of
government and governmental agencies.

Because of these factors, the Company could be unable to execute projects on time, on budget or at all,
and may not be able to effectively market the oil that it produces.

Infrastructure, Availability of Drilling Equipment and Access Restrictions

Crude oil and natural gas exploration, development and production activities depend, to one degree or
another, on adequate infrastructure and the availability of drilling and related equipment in the particular
areas where such activities will be conducted. Reliable roads, bridges, power sources, water supply and
disposal facilities are important determinants, which affect capital and operating costs. Unusual or
infrequent weather phenomena, sabotage, government or other interference in the maintenance or
                                                      - 37 -


provision of such infrastructure could adversely affect the operations, financial condition and results of
operations of the Company.

The oil and gas industry in South America is not as developed as the oil and gas industry in North America.
As a result, the Company's exploration and development activities may take longer to complete and may
be more expensive than similar operations in North America. The availability of technical expertise, specific
equipment and supplies may be more limited than in North America. If the Company is unable to obtain, or
unable to obtain without undue cost, drilling rigs, equipment, supplies or personnel, its exploration and
production operations could be delayed or adversely affected. Furthermore, once oil and natural gas
production is recovered, there are fewer ways to transport it to market for sale. Pipeline and trucking
operations are subject to uncertainty and lack of availability. Oil and natural gas pipelines and truck
transport travel through miles of territory and are subject to the risk of diversion, destruction or delay. Such
factors may subject the Company's international operations to economic and operating risks that may not
be experienced in North American operations.

Further, the Company operates in remote areas and may rely on helicopter, boats or other transportation
methods. Some of these transport methods may result in increased levels of risk and could lead to
operational delays which could affect the Company's ability to add to its resource base and produce oil and
could have a significant impact on its reputation or cash flow. Additionally, some required equipment may
be difficult to obtain in the Company's areas of operations, which could hamper or delay operations, and
could increase the cost of those operations.

Strategic and Business Relationships

The ability of the Company to successfully bid on and acquire additional properties, to discover resources
or reserves, to participate in drilling opportunities and to identify and enter into commercial arrangements
will depend on developing and maintaining effective working relationships with industry participants and on
the Company's ability to select and evaluate suitable partners and to consummate transactions in a highly
competitive environment. These relationships are subject to change and may impair the Company's ability
to grow.

To develop the Company's business, it may enter into strategic and business relationships, which may take
the form of joint ventures with other parties or with local government bodies, or contractual arrangements
with other oil and gas companies, including those that supply equipment and other resources that the
Company may use in its business. The Company may not be able to establish these business relationships
or, if established, it may not be able to maintain them. In addition, the dynamics of the Company's
relationships with strategic partners may require the Company to incur expenses or undertake activities it
would not otherwise be inclined to take to fulfill its obligations to these partners or maintain its relationships.
If the Company fails to make the cash calls required by its joint venture partners in the joint ventures it does
not operate, the Company may be required to forfeit its interests in joint ventures. If the Company's strategic
relationships are not established or maintained, its business prospects may be limited, which could diminish
its ability to conduct its operations.

Substantial Capital Requirements and Liquidity

The Company anticipates that it will make substantial capital expenditures for the acquisition, exploration,
development and production of oil and natural gas resources or reserves in the future, including in relation
to its assets. If the Company's future revenues or resources decline, the Company may have limited ability
to expend the capital necessary to undertake or complete future drilling programs. There can be no
assurance that debt or equity financing, or cash flow from operations will be available or sufficient to meet
these requirements or for other corporate purposes or, if debt or equity financing is available, that it will be
on terms acceptable to the Company. Moreover, future activities may require the Company to alter its
capitalization significantly. The inability of the Company to access sufficient capital for its operations could
have material adverse effect on the Company's financial condition, results of operations or prospects.
                                                      - 38 -


Dividends

The declaration and payment of future dividends (and the amount thereof) is subject to the discretion of the
Board and may vary depending on a variety of factors and conditions existing from time to time, including
fluctuations in commodity prices, the financial condition of the Company, production levels, results of
operations, capital expenditure requirements, working capital requirements, debt service requirements,
operating costs, foreign exchange rates, interest rates, contractual restrictions, the Company's hedging
activities or programs, available investment opportunities, the Company's business plan, strategies and
objectives, the satisfaction of the solvency and liquidity tests imposed by the ABCA for the declaration and
payment of dividends and other factors that the Board may deem relevant. Depending on these and various
other factors, many of which are beyond the control of the Company, the dividend policy of the Company
may vary from time to time and, as a result, future cash dividends could be reduced or suspended entirely.

Pursuant to the ABCA, the Company may not declare or pay a dividend if there are reasonable grounds for
believing that: (i) the Company is, or would after the payment be, unable to pay its liabilities as they become
due; or (ii) the realizable value of its assets would thereby be less than the aggregate of its liabilities and
stated capital of its outstanding shares.

Dividends may be reduced or suspended during periods of lower cash flow from operations. The timing and
amount of the Company's capital expenditures, and the ability of the Company to repay or refinance debt
as it becomes due, directly affects the amount of cash dividends that may be declared by the Board. Future
acquisitions, expansions of the Company's assets, and other capital expenditures and the repayment or
refinancing of debt as it becomes due may be financed from sources such as cash flow from operations,
the issuance of additional shares or other securities of the Company, and borrowings. Dividends may be
reduced, or even eliminated, at times when significant capital or other expenditures are made. There can
be no assurance that sufficient capital will be available on terms acceptable to the Company, or at all, to
make additional investments, fund future expansions or make other required capital expenditures. To the
extent that external sources of capital, including the issuance of additional shares or other securities or the
availability of credit facilities, become limited or unavailable on favourable terms or at all due to credit market
conditions or otherwise, the ability of the Company to make the necessary capital investments to maintain
or expand its operations, to repay debt and to invest in assets, as the case may be, may be impaired. To
the extent the Company is required to use cash flow from operations to finance capital expenditures or
acquisitions or to repay debt as it becomes due, the cash available for dividends may be reduced and the
level of dividends declared may be reduced or suspended entirely.

Over time, the Company's capital and other cash needs may change significantly from its current needs,
which could affect whether the Company pays dividends and the amounts of dividends, if any, it may pay
in the future. If the Company continues to pay dividends at the current levels, it may not retain a sufficient
amount of cash to finance external growth opportunities, meet any large unanticipated liquidity requirements
or fund its activities in the event of a significant business downturn.

The market value of the Company's securities may deteriorate if dividends are reduced or suspended.
Furthermore, the future treatment of dividends for tax purposes will be subject to the nature and composition
of dividends paid by the Company and potential legislative and regulatory changes.

Competition

The oil and gas industry is highly competitive. The Company will actively compete for acquisitions,
exploration leases, licences and concessions, skilled industry personnel and capital to finance such
activities with a substantial number of other oil and gas companies, many of which have significantly greater
financial, technical and personnel resources than the Company. The Company's competitors will include
major integrated oil and natural gas companies and numerous other independent oil and natural gas
companies and individual producers and operators. Competitors may be able to evaluate, bid for and
purchase a greater number of properties and prospects than the Company's financial, technical or
personnel resources permit. The Company's size and financial status may impair its ability to compete for
oil and natural gas properties and prospects.
                                                      - 39 -


Changes in Peruvian government regulation have enabled multinational and regional companies to enter
the Peruvian energy market. Competition in oil and gas business activities has increased and may increase
further, as existing and new participants expand their activities. If several companies are interested in an
area, Perupetro may choose to call for bids, either through international competitive biddings or through
private bidding processes by invitation, and award the contract to the highest bidder. The greater resources
of competitors may be particularly important in reviewing prospects and purchasing properties in the course
of such bids. Competitors may be able to pay more for productive oil and natural gas properties and
exploratory prospects than the Company is able or willing to pay.

The Company's ability to acquire additional prospects and to find and develop reserves in the future will
depend on its ability to evaluate and select suitable properties and to consummate transactions in a highly
competitive environment. If the Company is unable to compete successfully in these areas in the future, its
future revenues and growth may be diminished or restricted. The availability of properties for acquisition
depends largely on the business practices of other oil and natural gas companies, commodity prices,
general economic conditions and other factors the Company cannot control or influence.

Cost of New Technologies

The oil industry is characterized by rapid and significant technological advancements and introductions of
new products and services utilizing new technologies. Other oil companies may have greater financial,
technical and personnel resources that allow them to enjoy technological advantages and may in the future
allow them to implement new technologies before the Company. There can be no assurance that the
Company will be able to respond to such competitive pressures and implement such technologies on a
timely basis or at an acceptable cost. One or more of the technologies currently utilized by the Company or
implemented in the future may become obsolete. In such case, the Company's business, financial condition
and results of operations could be materially adversely affected. If the Company is unable to utilize the most
advanced commercially available technology, its business, financial condition and results of operations
could be materially adversely affected.

Environmental Risks

All phases of the oil and natural gas business present environmental risks and hazards and are subject to
environmental regulation pursuant to a variety of international conventions and national, state and local
laws and regulations. As an owner, licensee and/or operator of oil and gas properties in Peru, the Company
is subject to various national, state and local laws and regulations relating to the discharge of materials into,
and protection of, the environment. For example, the Company is required to obtain environmental permits
or approvals from the Peruvian government prior to conducting seismic operations or drilling wells in
Peruvian territory. Environmental laws and regulations in Peru impose substantial restrictions on, among
other things, the use of natural resources, interference with the natural environment, the location of facilities,
the handling and storage of hazardous materials such as hydrocarbons, the use of radioactive material, the
disposal of waste, and the emission of noise and other activities. These laws and regulations may, among
other things: (a) impose liability on the owner or lessee under an oil and gas lease for the cost of property
damage, oil spills, discharge of hazardous materials, remediation and clean-up resulting from operations;
(b) subject the owner or lessee to liability for pollution damages and other environmental or natural resource
damages; and (c) require suspension or cessation of operations in affected areas. Environmental legislation
is evolving in a manner expected to result in stricter standards and enforcement, larger fines and liability
and potentially increased capital expenditures and operating costs. The discharge of oil, natural gas or
other pollutants into the air, soil or water may give rise to liabilities to governments and third parties and
may require the Company to incur costs to remedy such discharge. No assurance can be given that the
application of environmental laws to the business and operations of the Company will not result in a
curtailment of production or a material increase in the costs of production, development or exploration
activities or otherwise adversely affect the Company's financial condition, results of operations or prospects.
                                                     - 40 -


Reserve and Resource Estimates

There are numerous uncertainties inherent in estimating quantities of oil, natural gas and natural gas liquids
resources, reserves and cash flows to be derived therefrom, including many factors beyond the Company's
control. In estimating reserves, the chance of commerciality is effectively 100%. For prospective resources,
the chance of commerciality will be the product of the chance that a project will result in a discovery of
petroleum or natural gas and the chance that an accumulation will be commercially developed. There is no
certainty that any portion of the prospective resources will be discovered. If discovered, there is no certainty
that it will be commercially viable to produce any portion of the resources.

The reserve and associated cash flow information and estimates represent estimates only. In general,
estimates of economically recoverable oil and natural gas reserves and the future net cash flows therefrom
are based upon a number of variable factors and assumptions, such as historical production from the
properties, production rates, ultimate reserve recovery, timing and amount of capital expenditures,
marketability of oil and gas, royalty rates, the assumed effects of regulation by governmental agencies and
future operating costs, all of which may vary from actual results. For those reasons, estimates of the
economically recoverable oil and natural gas reserves attributable to any particular group of properties,
classification of such reserves based on risk of recovery and estimates of future net revenues expected
therefrom prepared by different engineers, or by the same engineers at different times, may vary. The
Company's actual production, revenues, taxes and development and operating expenditures with respect
to its reserves will vary from estimates thereof and such variations could be material. Further, the
evaluations are based in part on the assumed success of exploitation activities intended to be undertaken
in future years. The reserves and estimated cash flows to be derived therefrom contained in such
evaluations will be reduced to the extent that such exploitation activities do not achieve the level of success
assumed in the evaluation.

Estimates of proved reserves that may be developed and produced in the future are often based upon
volumetric calculations and upon analogy to similar types of reserves rather than actual production history.
Estimates based on these methods are generally less reliable than those based on actual production
history. Subsequent evaluation of the same reserves based upon production history and production
practices will result in variations in the estimated reserves and such variations could be material.

Actual future net revenue from the Company's assets will be affected by other factors such as actual
production levels, supply and demand for oil and natural gas, curtailments or increases in consumption by
oil and natural gas purchasers, changes in governmental regulation or taxation and the impact of inflation
on costs. Actual production and revenues derived therefrom will vary from the estimates, and such
variations could be material.

There are numerous uncertainties inherent in estimating quantities of resources, including many factors
beyond the Company's control, and no assurance can be given that the indicated level of resources will be
realized. In general, estimates of recoverable resources are based upon a number of factors and
assumptions made as of the date on which the resource estimates were determined, such as geological
and engineering estimates which have inherent uncertainties, the assumed effects of regulation by
governmental agencies and estimates of future commodity prices and operating costs, all of which may
vary considerably from actual results. All such estimates are, to some degree, uncertain and classifications
of resources are only attempts to define the degree of uncertainty involved. For these reasons, estimates
of the economically recoverable natural gas and the classification of such resources based on risk of
recovery prepared by different engineers or by the same engineers at different times may vary substantially.

Estimates with respect to resources that may be developed and produced in the future are often based
upon volumetric calculations and upon analogy to similar types of resources, rather than upon actual
production history. Estimates based on these methods are generally less reliable than those based on
actual production history. Subsequent evaluation of the same resources based upon production history will
result in variations, which may be material, in the estimated resources.
                                                   - 41 -


Resources estimates may require revision based on actual production experience. Market price fluctuations
of natural gas prices may render uneconomic the recovery of the resources.

Climate Change

The Company's exploration and production facilities and other operations and activities emit greenhouse
gases and the Company may be required to comply with greenhouse gas emissions legislation in Peru or
other countries in which the Company may operate in the future. Climate change policy is evolving at
regional, national and international levels, and political and economic events may significantly affect the
scope and timing of climate change measures that are ultimately put in place. Given the evolving nature of
the debate related to climate change and the control of greenhouse gases and resulting requirements, it is
not possible to predict the impact on the Company and its operations and financial condition. See "Industry
Conditions – Climate Change Regulation".

Acute Climate Change

Climate change has been linked to extreme weather conditions. Extreme hot weather, heavy rainfall and
wildfires may restrict the Company's ability to access the Company's properties, cause operational
difficulties, including damage to machinery and facilities. Extreme weather may also increase the risk of
personnel injury as a result of dangerous working conditions. Certain of the Company's assets are located
in locations that are proximate to forests and grasslands, and a wildfire may lead to significant downtime
and/or damage to such assets. Moreover, extreme weather conditions may disrupt the Company's ability
to transport produced crude oil as well as goods and services along the supply chain.

Reserve Replacement

The Company's future oil and natural gas reserves, production, and cash flows to be derived therefrom are
highly dependent on the Company successfully acquiring or discovering new reserves. Without the
continual addition of new reserves, any existing reserves the Company may have at any particular time and
the production therefrom will decline over time as such existing reserves are exploited. A future increase in
the Company's reserves will depend not only on the Company's ability to develop any properties it may
have from time to time, but also on its ability to select and acquire suitable producing properties or
prospects. There can be no assurance that the Company's future exploration and development efforts will
result in the discovery and development of additional commercial accumulations of oil and natural gas.

Failure to Realize Anticipated Benefits of Acquisitions and Dispositions

The Company makes acquisitions and dispositions of businesses and assets that occur in the ordinary
course of business. Achieving the benefits of acquisitions depends in part on successfully consolidating
functions and integrating operations and procedures in a timely and efficient manner, as well as realizing
the anticipated growth opportunities and synergies from combining the acquired businesses and operations
with those of the Company. The integration of acquired businesses may require substantial management
effort, time and resources and may divert management's focus from other strategic opportunities and
operational matters. Management assesses the value and contribution of individual properties and other
assets.

Finding, Developing and Acquiring Petroleum and Natural Gas Reserves on an Economic Basis

Petroleum and natural gas reserves naturally deplete as they are produced over time. The success of the
Company's business is highly dependent on its ability to acquire and/or discover new reserves in a cost
efficient manner. Substantially all of the Company's cash flow is derived from the sale of the petroleum and
natural gas reserves it accumulates and develops. In order to remain financially viable, the Company must
be able to replace reserves over time at a lesser cost on a per unit basis than its cash flow on a per unit
basis. The reserves and costs used in this determination are estimated each year based on numerous
assumptions and these estimates and costs may vary materially from the actual reserves produced or from
                                                   - 42 -


the costs required to produce those reserves. The Company mitigates this risk by employing a qualified
and experienced team of petroleum and natural gas professionals, operating in geological areas in which
prospects are well understood by management and by closely monitoring the capital expenditures made
for the purposes of increasing its petroleum and natural gas reserves.

Operational Dependence

Currently the Company owns a 100% working interest in all three of its licence agreements. In the event
that the Company enters into any farm-in agreement, other companies may operate some of the assets in
which the Company will have or has an interest. In such cases, the Company will have diminished ability
to exercise influence over the operation of those assets or their associated costs, which could adversely
affect the Company's financial performance. The Company's return on assets operated by others may
therefore depend upon a number of factors that may be outside of the Company's control, including the
timing and amount of capital expenditures, the operator's expertise and financial resources, the approval
of other participants, the selection of technology and risk management practices.

Reliance on Key Personnel

The Company's continued success depends in large measure on certain key personnel. The loss of the
services of such key personnel may have a material adverse effect on the Company's business, financial
condition, results of operations and prospects. The Company may not have any key person insurance in
effect. The contributions of the management team to the Company's immediate and near term operations
are likely to be of central importance. In addition, the competition for qualified personnel in the oil and
natural gas industry is intense, particularly in Peru, and there can be no assurance that the Company will
be able to attract and retain all personnel necessary for the development and operation of its business.

Management of Growth

The Company may be subject to growth-related risks including capacity constraints and pressure on its
internal systems and controls. The ability of the Company to manage growth effectively will require it to
continue to implement and improve its operational and financial systems and to expand, train and manage
its employee base. The inability of the Company to deal with this growth could have a material adverse
impact on its business, operations and prospects.

Permits and Licences

The operations of the Company require licences and permits from various governmental authorities. There
can be no assurance that the Company will be able to obtain all necessary licences and permits that are
required to carry out exploration and development at its properties. The permitting process in Peru takes
significant time, meaning that exploration and development projects have a longer cycle time to completion
than they might elsewhere.

Regulations and policies relating to licences and permits may change, be implemented in a way that the
Company does not currently anticipate or take significantly greater time to obtain. These licences and
permits are subject to numerous requirements, including compliance with the environmental regulations of
the local governments. Revocation or suspension of the Company's environmental and operating permits
could have a material adverse effect on its business, financial condition and results of operations.

Expiration or Termination of Licences

The Company's properties are currently held, and any future properties are expected to be held, in the form
of licences and working interests in licences. If the Company or the holder of the licence fails to meet the
specific requirement of a licence, the licence may terminate or expire. There can be no assurance that any
of the obligations required to maintain each licence will be met. The termination or expiration of the
                                                    - 43 -


Company's licences or the working interests relating to a licence may have a material adverse effect on the
Company's results of operations and business.

The terms of Peruvian oil and gas licence agreements require licensees to perform certain minimum work
programmes in each period under the seven year exploration phase of such agreements. The calculation
of each period is halted when the government reviews related environmental applications, meaning the
seven year exploration phase may last several years more. However, the term of the licence contract
remains the same, so the holder still has 23 years to develop and produce the discovered crude oil reserves
or 33 years in the case of natural gas reserves. The work programmes can include seismic acquisition,
processing and interpretations and the drilling of required wells in accordance with those contracts and
agreements. Licensees are also required to conduct environmental impact studies and/or environmental
impact assessments and to establish their ability to comply with environmental regulations.

Additional Funding Requirements

The Company's cash flow from its reserves may not be sufficient to fund its ongoing activities at all times.
From time to time, the Company may require additional financing in order to carry out its oil and gas
acquisition, exploration and development activities. Failure to obtain such financing on a timely basis could
cause the Company to forfeit its interest in certain properties, miss certain acquisition opportunities and
reduce or terminate its operations. If the Company's revenues from its reserves decrease as a result of
lower oil and natural gas prices or otherwise, it will affect the Company's ability to expend the necessary
capital to replace its reserves or to maintain its production. If the Company's cash flow from operations and
current cash balance is not sufficient to satisfy its capital expenditure requirements, there can be no
assurance that additional debt or equity financing will be available to meet these requirements or available
on favorable terms.

Variations in Foreign Exchange Rates and Interest Rates

World oil and gas prices are quoted in United States dollars and the price received by Canadian and
Peruvian producers is therefore affected by the Canadian/United States and Peruvian/United States dollar
exchange rates, which will fluctuate over time. Future Canadian/United States and Peruvian/United States
exchange rates could accordingly impact the future value of the Company's reserves as determined by
independent evaluators. Furthermore, an increase in interest rates could result in a significant increase in
the amount the Company pays to service debt.

Issuance of Debt

From time to time, the Company may enter into transactions to acquire assets or the securities of other
business entities. These transactions may be financed partially or wholly with debt which may increase the
Company's debt levels above industry standards. The level of the Company's indebtedness from time to
time could impair the Company's ability to obtain additional financing in the future on a timely basis to take
advantage of business opportunities that may arise. Currently the Company has no short or long term debt.

Hedging

From time to time, the Company may enter into agreements to receive fixed prices on its oil and natural
gas production to offset the risk of revenue losses if commodity prices decline; however, if commodity prices
increase beyond the levels set in such agreements, the Company will not benefit from such increases.
Similarly, from time to time the Company may enter into agreements to fix the exchange rate of Canadian
to United States dollars or Peruvian to United States dollars in order to offset the risk of revenue losses if
the Canadian dollar or the Peruvian sol increases in value compared to the United States dollar; however,
if the Canadian dollar or the Peruvian sol declines in value compared to the United States dollar, the
Company will not benefit from its fluctuating exchange rate.
                                                    - 44 -


Information Technology Systems and Cyber-Security

The Company depends on digital technology, among other things, to: process and record financial and
operating data; communicate with its employees and business partners; analyze seismic and drilling
information; and estimate quantities of oil and gas resources and reserves. Accordingly, the Company is
susceptible to cyber incidents (both deliberate and unintentional).

The unauthorized release, gathering, monitoring, misuse, loss or destruction of proprietary and other
information could disrupt the Company's business plans and negatively impact its operations in a number
of ways, including: (a) negatively impact the Company's competitive position in developing its oil and gas
reserves; (b) dry hole cost or drilling incidents; (c) loss of production or accidental discharge; (d) supply
chain disruptions; and (e) expensive remediation efforts, distraction of management, damage to the
Company's reputation, or a negative impact on the price of the common shares of the Company. As cyber
threats continue to evolve, the Company may be required to expend significant additional resources to
continue to modify or enhance its protective measures or to investigate and remediate any information
security vulnerabilities.

Weather

Since the Company's properties are geographically concentrated in Peru's eastern region, they are
influenced by factors affecting that region such as natural disasters (including earthquakes and forest fires)
and severe weather conditions (including excessive rainfall and flooding). Such conditions could have a
material adverse impact on the Company's business, operations and prospects. Because all the Company's
properties could experience the same conditions at the same time, these conditions could have a relatively
greater impact on the Company's operations than they might have on other operators who have properties
over a wider geographic area.

Litigation

In the normal course of the Company's operations, it may become involved in, named as a party to, or be
the subject of, various legal proceedings, including regulatory proceedings, tax proceedings and legal
actions, related to personal injuries, property damage, property tax, land rights, the environment and
contract disputes. The outcome of outstanding, pending or future proceedings cannot be predicted with
certainty and may be determined adversely to the Company and as a result, could have a material adverse
effect on the Company's assets, liabilities, business, financial condition and results of operations.

Community Relationships

The operations of the Company may have a significant effect on the areas in which it operates. Maintaining
good community relationships is an essential aspect of operating in the oil and gas industry. Communities
have demonstrated an ability and willingness to halt operations or delay approvals.

To enjoy the support and trust of local populations and governments, the Company will need to demonstrate
a commitment to: (a) local employment, training and business opportunities; (b) environmental stewardship;
(c) open and transparent communication; and (d) community development investments that are carefully
selected, not unduly costly and bring lasting social and economic benefits to the community and the area.
Improper management of these relationships could lead to a delay in operations, loss of license or major
impact to the Company's reputation in these communities, which could adversely affect its business.

Breach of Confidentiality

While discussing potential business relationships or other transactions with third parties, the Company may
disclose confidential information relating to its business, operations or affairs. Although confidentiality
agreements are signed by third parties prior to the disclosure of any confidential information, a breach could
put the Company at competitive risk and may cause significant damage to its business. The harm to the
                                                    - 45 -


Company's business from a breach of confidentiality cannot presently be quantified, but may be material
and may not be compensable in damages. There is no assurance that, in the event of a breach of
confidentiality, the Company will be able to obtain equitable remedies, such as injunctive relief, from a court
of competent jurisdiction in a timely manner, if at all, in order to prevent or mitigate any damage to its
business that such a breach of confidentiality may cause.

Conflicts of Interest

Directors and officers of the Company may also be directors and officers of other oil and gas companies
involved in oil and gas exploration and development, and conflicts of interest may arise between their duties
as officers and directors of the Company and as officers and directors of such other companies. Such
conflicts must be disclosed in accordance with, and are subject to such other procedures and remedies as
apply under the ABCA.

Control Persons and Other Significant Shareholders of the Company

Based, in part, on public filings of Shareholders, GTRL owns, directly or indirectly, or controls approximately
37% of the Common Shares, and is considered a control person of the Company, and Meridian Capital
International Fund owns or controls approximately 12% of the Common Shares. In addition, management
and the Board of the Company own or control approximately 1% of the Common Shares. Collectively these
shareholders own or control approximately 50% of the Common Shares and, if acting together, would be
able to significantly influence all matters requiring shareholder approval, including without limitation, the
election of directors. However, pursuant to an investor rights agreement among the Company, GTEIHL and
GTRL dated December 18, 2017, GTEIHL and GTRL agreed that they would not exercise any voting rights
associated with any Common Shares which exceed 30% of the Common Shares outstanding from time to time,
notwithstanding the fact that they may own or exercise control over additional Common Shares.

Dilution

The Company may issue additional Common Shares in the future, which may dilute a Shareholder's
holdings in the Company. The Company's articles permit the issuance of an unlimited number of Common
Shares and Shareholders will have no pre-emptive rights in connection with such further issuances. Also,
additional Common Shares may be issued by the Company on the exercise of Common Share purchase
warrants, or on the exercise of options, performance share units and restricted share units under the
Company's stock option plan and performance and restricted share unit plan.

Third Party Credit Risk

The Company may be exposed to third party credit risk through its contractual arrangements with its future
joint venture partners, marketers of its petroleum and natural gas production and other parties. In the event
such entities fail to meet their contractual obligations to the Company, such failures could have a material
adverse effect on the Company and its cash flow from operations. In addition, poor credit conditions in the
industry and of joint venture partners may impact a joint venture partner's willingness to participate in the
Company's ongoing capital program, potentially delaying the program and the results of such program until
the Company finds a suitable alternative partner.

Alternatives to and Changing Demand for Petroleum Products

Fuel conservation measures, alternative fuel requirements, increasing consumer demand for alternatives
to oil and natural gas, and technological advances in fuel economy and energy generation devices could
reduce the demand for crude oil and other liquid hydrocarbons. Although fuel consumption continues to
grow, the Company cannot predict the impact of changing demand for oil and natural gas products, and
any major changes may have a material adverse effect on the Company's business, financial condition,
results of operations and cash flows.
                                                    - 46 -


Reputational Risk Associated with Operations

Any environmental damage, loss of life, injury or damage to property caused by the Company's operations
could damage its reputation in the areas in which the Company operates. Negative sentiment towards the
Company could result in a lack of willingness of municipal authorities being willing to grant the necessary
licenses or permits for the Company to operate its business and in residents in the areas where the
Company is doing business opposing the Company's further operations in the area. If the Company
develops a reputation of having an unsafe work site it may impact the Company's ability to attract and retain
the necessary skilled employees and consultants to operate its business. Further, the Company's reputation
could be affected by actions and activities of other Company’s operating in the oil and gas industry, over
which the Company has no control. In addition, environmental damage, loss of life, injury or damage to
property caused by the Company's operations could result in negative investor sentiment towards the
Company, which may result in limiting the Company's access to capital, increasing the cost of capital, and
decreasing the price and liquidity of the Common Shares.

Changing Investor Sentiment

A number of factors, including the concerns of the effects of the use of fossil fuels on climate change,
concerns of the impact of oil and gas operations on the environment, concerns of environmental damage
relating to spills of petroleum products during transportation and concerns of indigenous rights, have
affected certain investors' sentiments towards investing in the oil and gas industry. As a result of these
concerns, some institutional, retail and public investors have announced that they no longer are willing to
fund or invest in oil and gas properties or companies or are reducing the amount thereof over time. In
addition, certain institutional investors are requesting that issuers develop and implement more robust
social, environmental and governance policies and practices. Developing and implementing such policies
and practices can involve significant costs and require a significant time commitment from the Company's
Board, management and employees. Failing to implement the policies and practices as requested by
institutional investors may result in such investors reducing their investment in the Company or not investing
in the Company at all. Any reduction in the investor base interested or willing to invest in the oil and gas
industry and more specifically, the Company, may result in limiting the Company's access to capital,
increasing the cost of capital, and decreasing the price and liquidity of the Common Shares.

Expansion into New Activities

In the future, the Company may acquire or move into new industry related activities or new geographical
areas, may acquire different energy related assets, and as a result may face unexpected risks or
alternatively, significantly increase the Company's exposure to one or more existing risk factors, which may
in turn result in the Company's future operational and financial conditions being adversely affected.

Corruption

The Company is subject to the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (the "FCPA") and the Corruption of Foreign
Public Officials Act ("CFPOA"), and its failure to comply with the laws and regulations thereunder could
result in material adverse effect on the Company's business, results of operations and financial condition.
The FCPA prohibits companies and their intermediaries from making improper payments to foreign officials
to secure any improper advantage for the purpose of obtaining or keeping business and/or other benefits.
Similarly, the CFPOA prohibits persons form, directly or indirectly, giving, offering to give or agreeing to
give a loan, reward, advantage or benefit of any kind to a foreign public official or to any person for the
benefit of a foreign public official.

Any violation of these laws could result in monetary penalties against the Company or its subsidiaries and
could damage its reputation and, therefore, its ability to do business.
                                                    - 47 -


Forward-Looking Information May Prove to be Inaccurate

Investors are cautioned not to place undue reliance on forward-looking information. By its nature,
forward-looking information involves numerous assumptions, known and unknown risks and uncertainties,
of both a general and specific nature, that could cause actual results to differ materially from those
suggested by the forward-looking information or contribute to the possibility that predictions, forecasts or
projections will prove to be materially inaccurate.

Additional information on the risks, assumptions and uncertainties are found in this AIF under the heading
"Forward-Looking Statements" above.

                                                DIVIDENDS

The Company historically had a policy of retaining earnings in order to finance growth and development of
the Company's business. However, on May 31, 2019, the Company implemented a dividend policy whereby
the Company would pay: (i) a total dividend in respect of the half year period from July 1, 2019 to December
31, 2019 equivalent to an annualized yield of 4% (based on a price of £0.15 per share), followed thereafter
by (ii) semi-annual dividends declared at the discretion of the Board, subject to prevailing market conditions
and corporate performance.

The Company's new dividend policy is intended to optimise Shareholder wealth while balancing such
returns to Shareholders with continued reinvestment in the Peruvian Business to support future growth and
development. This, in turn, is expected to provide a stronger base of cash flow leading to consistent dividend
payment in the future. The amount of dividends to be paid on Common Shares, if any, is subject to the
discretion of the Board and may vary depending on a variety of factors including, but not limited to, current
and expected future levels of distributable cash flow, capital expenditures, borrowings and debt
repayments, changes in working capital requirements, prevailing market conditions and anticipated
earnings. The Company intends to undertake regular review of the policy taking into account factors such
as current and future commodity prices, foreign exchange rates, current operations and available
investment opportunities.

The Company does not have a dividend reinvestment plan or stock dividend program.

Dividend History

The Company did not declare any cash dividends or distributions on Common Shares in years ended 2017
and 2018.

On December 12, 2019, the Company declared an interim dividend of CAD$0.0017 (£0.001) cash for each
Common Share to be paid to Shareholders on January 20, 2020, representing in aggregate a total dividend
payment of approximately CAD$1.14 million (£0.66 million)

The declaration and payment of dividends is subject to the discretion of the Board and may vary
depending on a variety of factors and conditions existing from time to time. The payment of
dividends to Shareholders is not assured or guaranteed and dividends may be reduced or
suspended entirely. In addition to the foregoing, the Company's ability to pay dividends now or in
the future and the actual amount distributed will depend on numerous factors and conditions
existing from time to time, including fluctuations in commodity prices, production levels, capital
expenditure requirements, debt service requirements, operating costs, foreign exchange rates and
the satisfaction of solvency tests imposed by the ABCA for the declaration and payment of
dividends, applicable law and other factors beyond the Company's control. See "Risk Factors –
Dividends".
                                                      - 48 -


                                    DESCRIPTION OF SHARE CAPITAL

The Company is authorized to issue an unlimited number of Common Shares without nominal or par value.
Each Common Share entitles the holder to receive notice of and to attend all meetings of the shareholders
of the Company, to vote at such meetings, to receive such dividends as may be declared by the Board of
Directors, and to share ratable with other shareholders in the residual property of the Company in the event
of liquidation, dissolution or winding-up of the Company.

As at the date hereof, there are 673,351,810 Common Shares issued and outstanding.

                          MARKET FOR SECURITIES AND TRADING HISTORY

The Common Shares are listed and posted for trading on the facilities of the TSXV under the symbol "TAL"
and, since December 24, 2018, on AIM under the symbol "PTAL". The following table sets out the price
range for, and the trading volume of, the Common Shares of the Company as reported by the TSXV for
2019:

           2019                    High (CDN$)                   Low (CDN$)                     Volume
         January                        0.29                         0.21                         607,500
         February                       0.26                         0.23                         482,800
          March                         0.26                         0.22                         549,000
           April                        0.28                         0.21                       2,662,400
           May                          0.28                         0.24                       1,037,800
           June                         0.33                         0.26                       6,199,200
           July                         0.38                         0.30                       8,989,100
          August                        0.31                         0.21                      15,049,500
        September                       0.28                         0.24                       9,951,900
         October                        0.35                         0.25                      25,703,000
        November                        0.44                         0.32                      21,829,100
        December                        0.52                         0.41                       9,848,800

                                                 PRIOR SALES

The following table sets forth, for each class of securities of the Company that is outstanding but not listed
or quoted on a marketplace, the price at which securities of the class have been issued during the financial
year ended December 31, 2019 and the number of securities of the class issued at that price and the date
on which the securities were issued.

                                                               Number of Securities
  Date of Issuance             Class of Securities                  Issued                     Exercise Price

  December 13, 2019         Performance Share Units(1)                 8,441,659                      N/A

Note:
(1)     Granted to certain officers of the Company in accordance with the provisions of the Company's amended
        performance and restricted share unit plan. The performance share units vest three years from grant date and
        each performance share unit entitles the holder thereof to acquire between zero and two Common Shares,
        subject to the achievement of various performance conditions relating to total shareholder return, net asset
        value and certain production and operational milestones.


                                          ESCROWED SECURITIES

To the best of the Company's knowledge, the following securities of the Company are currently held in
escrow as of December 31, 2019:
                                                      - 49 -




                                        Number of Securities held in
      Designation of Class                       Escrow                            Percentage of Class
         Common Shares                             6,555,679(1)                              1%
         Common Shares                            18,725,000 (2)                             2%
      Performance Warrants                       12,101,700(3)                              45%


Notes:
(1)    In connection with Arrangement, certain Common Shares held by directors, officers and certain principal
       securityholders of the Company were placed in escrow, pursuant to the policies of TSXV. Such Common
       Shares are currently subject to escrow pursuant to the release schedule applicable under a Tier 2 Value
       Security Escrow Agreement (as defined in the policies of the TSXV).
(2)    In connection with the completion of the Acquisition and the issuance of Common Shares to GTEIHL, such
       Common Shares are held in escrow, pursuant to the release schedule applicable under a Tier 2 Value Security
       Escrow Agreement (as defined in the policies of the TSXV).
(3)    Represents the number of Performance Warrants after giving effect to the Arrangement. The Performance
       Warrants were placed in escrow, pursuant to the release schedule applicable under a Tier 2 Value Security
       Escrow Agreement (as defined in the policies of the TSXV). As of the date hereof, the Performance Warrants
       have fully vested.

                                        DIRECTORS AND OFFICERS

The following table sets forth the names and municipalities of residence of the directors and executive
officers of the Company as at the date hereof, their respective positions and offices with the Company and
date first elected as a director and their principal occupation(s) within the past five years.

 Name and
 Municipality of              Position           Director                  Principal Occupation for
 Residence                 Presently Held         Since                      Previous Five Years

 Manuel Pablo Zúñiga-         Director,        December 18,    President, Chief Executive Officer and Director of
 Pflücker(3)               President, Chief       2017         the Company since December 18, 2017. Prior
 Texas, USA                Executive Officer                   thereto, President and Chairman of the Managers
                            and Corporate                      of PetroTal LLC since January 2016. Mr. Zúñiga-
                              Secretary                        Pflücker founded and led BPZ Resources, Inc.
                                                               ("BPZ") from 2001 to 2015. Petroleum engineer
                                                               with more than 30 years' experience.

 Douglas C. Urch            Executive Vice           -         Executive Vice President and Chief Financial
 Alberta, Canada and        President and                      Officer of the Company since November 4, 2019.
 Texas, USA                 Chief Financial                    Prior thereto, Executive Vice President, Finance
                                Officer                        and Chief Financial Officer of Bankers Petroleum
                                                               Ltd. from February 2008 to 2018.

 Estuardo Alvarez-          Vice President,          -         Vice President, Operations of the Company since
 Calderon                     Operations                       December 18, 2017. Prior thereto, Vice President
 Texas, USA and                                                of Exploration and Production for BPZ.
 Peru
                                                     - 50 -



 Name and
 Municipality of              Position           Director                 Principal Occupation for
 Residence                 Presently Held         Since                     Previous Five Years

 Mark McComiskey(1)(2)     Chairman of the     July 5, 2016   Partner at AVAIO Capital, a firm that focuses on
 Connecticut, USA              Board                          value-added infrastructure investment and that
                                                              spun-out of AECOM in 2019. Prior thereto, a
                                                              partner at Prostar Capital's energy business and its
                                                              successor firm, Vanwall Capital, LLC. Prior to
                                                              Prostar, Co-Head of Private equity at First Reserve,
                                                              a private equity firm focused on the energy industry.

 Gary S. Guidry(3)(4)          Director       December 18,    President and Chief Executive Officer of Gran
 Alberta, Canada                                 2017         Tierra Energy Inc. since May 2015. Prior thereto,
                                                              Mr. Guidry was President and Chief Executive
                                                              Officer of Caracal Energy from 2011 to 2014.

 Ryan Ellson(1)(2)             Director       December 18,    Chief Financial Officer of GTE since May 2015.
 Alberta, Canada                                 2017         Prior thereto, Mr. Ellson was Chief Financial Officer
                                                              of Onza Energy Inc. Prior thereto, Mr. Ellson was
                                                              Head of Finance for Glencore E&P (Canada) and,
                                                              before that, he served as Vice President, Finance
                                                              at Caracal Energy.

 Gavin Wilson(2)(3)(4)         Director          June 11,     Advisor to Meridian Group of Companies, an
 Switzerland                                       2013       investment company. Prior thereto, Mr. Wilson was
                                                              the Founder and Manager of RAB Energy and RAB
                                                              Octane listed Investment Funds from 2004 until
                                                              2011.

 Eleanor J. Barker(1)          Director       December 19,    President of Barker Oil Strategies Inc. and a
 Ontario, Canada                                 2019         director of Serinus Energy plc. Prior thereto, a
                                                              director of Sterling Resources Ltd. from 2010 to
                                                              2014.

 Roger M. Tucker(3)(4)         Director       December 19,    Director of Pale Rider Limited. Prior thereto, Mr.
 London, England                                 2019         Tucker was a director of Van Damme North Sea Oil
                                                              and Gas Limited from 2015 to 2017 and, before
                                                              that, he served as a director of Vesta Petroleum
                                                              Investments Limited.
Notes:
(1)      Member of the Audit Committee.
(2)      Member of the Corporate Governance and Compensation Committee.
(3)      Member of the Reserves Committee.
(4)      Member of the Health, Safety, Environment and Corporate Social Responsibility Committee.

As at the date hereof, the directors and officers of the Company, and their associates and affiliates, as a
group, whether beneficial, direct or indirect, own 6,409,059 Common Shares, representing approximately
1% of the currently issued and outstanding Common Shares.

The directors listed above will hold office until the next annual meeting of the Company or until their
successors are elected or appointed.
                                                      - 51 -


Cease Trade Orders and Bankruptcies

Except as set forth below, no director or executive officer of the Company is, or within ten years prior to the
date of this AIF has been, a director, a chief executive officer or a chief financial officer of any company
(including the Company), that:

        a)       was subject to: (i) a cease trade order; (ii) an order similar to a cease trade order; or (iii) an
                 order that denied the relevant company access to any exemption under securities
                 legislation, that was in effect for a period of more than 30 consecutive days (collectively,
                 an "Order"), that was issued while the director or executive officer was acting in the
                 capacity as director, chief executive officer or chief financial officer; or

        b)       was subject to an Order that was issued after the director or executive officer ceased to be
                 a director, chief executive officer or chief financial officer and which resulted from an event
                 that occurred while that person was acting in the capacity as director, chief executive officer
                 or chief financial officer.

Mr. Urch was a director of Underground Energy Corporation ("Underground Canada") when, as a result
of Underground Canada's failure to file its year-end and interim financial statements and related
management's discussion and analysis, the British Columbia Securities Commission issued a cease trade
order on all of the securities of Underground Canada on July 4, 2013 and the TSXV suspended trading of
Underground Canada's shares. The cease trade order and trading suspension remain in effect.

Except as set forth below, no director, executive officer or, to the best of the Company's knowledge, any
shareholder holding a sufficient number of securities of the Company to affect materially control of the
Company, is, or within ten years prior to the date of this AIF has been, a director or executive officer of any
company (including the Company) that, while that person was acting in that capacity, or within a year of
that person ceasing to act in that capacity, became bankrupt, made a proposal under any legislation relating
to bankruptcy or insolvency or was subject to or instituted any proceedings, arrangement or compromise
with creditors or had a receiver, receiver manager or trustee appointed to hold its assets.

Mr. Zúñiga-Pflücker was an officer of BPZ, a Company engaged in exploration, development and production
of oil and gas in Peru. BPZ filed a voluntary petition for reorganization relief under Chapter 11 of the United
States Bankruptcy Code on March 9, 2015.

Mr. Urch was a director of Underground Energy, Inc. ("Underground USA"), a wholly-owned US subsidiary
of Underground Canada, when Underground USA voluntarily filed for Chapter 11 creditor protection in US
Federal Court on March 4, 2013. The case was filed in the United States Bankruptcy Court for the Central
District of California - Northern Division, Santa Barbara. On January 5, 2015, Underground USA
successfully emerged from the protection of Chapter 11 of the U.S. Bankruptcy Code and restructured
without having to declare bankruptcy, and Mr. Urch resigned as a director.

Mr. Wilson was a director of Buccaneer Energy Ltd. ("Buccaneer"), a corporation engaged in exploration,
development and production of oil and gas in the United States. Buccaneer filed a voluntary petition for
reorganization relief under Chapter 11 of the United States Bankruptcy Code on May 31, 2014.

Personal Bankruptcies

No director or executive officer of the Company or a shareholder holding a sufficient number of securities
of the Company to affect materially the control of the Company, has, within the past ten years prior to the
date of this AIF, become bankrupt, made a proposal under any legislation relating to bankruptcy or
insolvency, or was subject to or instituted any proceedings, arrangement or compromise with creditors, or
had a receiver, receiver manager or trustee appointed to hold the assets of such person.
                                                      - 52 -


Penalties and Sanctions

No director or executive officer of the Company of the Company, or a shareholder holding a sufficient
number of securities of the Company to affect materially the control of the Company, has been subject to:
(i) any penalties or sanctions imposed by a court relating to securities legislation or by a securities regulatory
authority or has entered into a settlement agreement with a securities regulatory authority; or (ii) any other
penalties or sanctions imposed by a court or regulatory body that would be likely to be considered important
to a reasonable investor in making an investment decision.

Conflicts of Interest

Certain of the directors and officers of the Company are also directors, officers and/or promoters of other
reporting and non-reporting issuers, which may give rise to conflicts of interest. In accordance with
corporate laws, directors who have an interest in a contract or a proposed contract with the Company are
required, subject to certain exceptions, to disclose that interest and generally abstain from voting on any
resolution to approve the contract. In addition, the directors are required to act honestly and in good faith
with a view to the best interests of the Company. Some of the directors of the Company have other
employment or other business or time restrictions placed on them and accordingly, these directors of the
Company will only be able to devote part of their time to the affairs of the Company. In particular, certain of
the directors and officers are involved in managerial and/or director positions with other oil and gas
companies whose operations may, from time to time, provide financing to, or make equity investments in,
competitors of the Company. Conflicts, if any, will be subject to the procedures and remedies available
under the ABCA. The ABCA provides that in the event that a director has an interest in a contract or
proposed contract or agreement, the director shall disclose his interest in such contract or agreement and
shall refrain from voting on any matter in respect of such contract or agreement unless otherwise provided
by the ABCA. As of the date hereof, the Company is not aware of any existing or potential material conflicts
of interest between the Company and any director or officer of the Company.

                         LEGAL PROCEEDINGS AND REGULATORY ACTIONS

There are no legal proceedings material to the Company to which the Company is a party or of which any
of its property is the subject matter, and there are no such proceedings known to the Company to be
contemplated.

There are no penalties or sanctions imposed against the Company by a court relating to securities
legislation or by a securities regulatory authority during the most recently completed financial year, there
are no other penalties or sanctions imposed by a court or regulatory body against the Company that would
likely be considered important to a reasonable investor in making an investment decisions, and there are
no settlement agreements the Company entered into before a court relating to securities legislation or with
a securities regulatory authority during the most recently completed financial year.

            INTERESTS OF MANAGEMENT AND OTHERS IN MATERIAL TRANSACTIONS

Except as disclosed herein, to the best of the Company’s' knowledge, there are no material interests, direct
or indirect, of directors or executive officers of the Company, any shareholder who beneficially owns, or
controls or directs, directly or indirectly, more than 10% of the outstanding Common Shares, or any known
associate or affiliate of such persons, in any transaction within the three most recently completed financial
years of the Company or during the current financial year which has materially affected, or is reasonably
expected to materially affect, the Company.

Gary S. Guidry and Ryan Ellson, directors of the Company, are also executives of GTE. The Company is
37% owned, directly or indirectly, or controlled by GTE and therefore the interests of the two entities are
not divergent. Applicable securities laws provide that directors need not refrain from voting in respect of
contracts and transactions between "affiliates" (for greater clarity, the Company and GTE would be
considered "affiliates" of each other).
                                                     - 53 -


Gavin Wilson, a director of the Company, is an advisor to Meridian Group of Companies. The Company is
12% owned, directly or indirectly, or controlled by Meridian Group of Companies.

                                  TRANSFER AGENT AND REGISTRAR

The Company's transfer agent and registrar is Computershare Trust Company of Canada at its principal
office in Calgary, Alberta.

                                         MATERIAL CONTRACTS

Except as disclosed herein and other than contracts entered into in the ordinary course of business, there
have been no material contracts entered into by the Company within the most recently completed financial
year, or before the most recently completed financial year that are still in effect.

                                                PROMOTERS

Manuel Pablo Zúñiga-Pflücker may be considered to be a promoter of the Company pursuant to applicable
securities laws. As at the date hereof, Mr. Zúñiga-Pflucker beneficially owns, directly or indirectly, 2,816,848
Common Shares representing approximately 0.4% of the issued and outstanding Common Shares.

                                         INTERESTS OF EXPERTS

There is no person or company whose profession or business gives authority to a statement made by such
person or company and who is named as having prepared or certified a statement, report or valuation
described or included in a filing, or referred to in a filing, made under NI 51-102 by the Company during, or
related to, the year ended December 31, 2019 other than NSAI, the Company's independent reserves
evaluators and Deloitte LLP, the Company's auditors.

None of the principals of NSAI had any registered or beneficial interests, direct or indirect, in any securities
or other property of the Company or of the Company's associates or affiliates either at the time they
prepared the statement, report or valuation prepared by it, at any time thereafter or to be received by them.

Deloitte LLP, the Company's auditors, are independent within the meaning of the relevant rules and related
interpretations prescribed by the relevant professional bodies in Canada and any applicable legislation or
regulation.

In addition, none of the aforementioned persons or companies, nor any director, officer or employee of any
of the aforementioned persons or companies, is or is expected to be elected, appointed or employed as a
director, officer or employee of the Company or any associate or affiliate of the Company.

                                       ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

Additional information relating to the Company can be found on SEDAR at www.sedar.com. Additional
information, including directors' and officers' remuneration and indebtedness, principal holders of the
Company's securities and securities authorized for issuance under equity compensation plans is contained
in the Company's information circular for the Company's most recent shareholders meeting that involved
the election of directors. Additional financial information is contained in the Company's financial statements
and the related management's discussion and analysis for the year ended December 31, 2019.

Additional copies of this AIF and the materials listed in the preceding paragraph are available on the
foregoing basis and upon request by contacting the Company at its offices at Suite 500, 11451 Katy
Freeway, Houston, Texas 77079.
                                                   EXHIBIT 1

                                     FORM 51-101F2
        REPORT ON RESERVES DATA BY INDEPENDENT QUALIFIED RESERVES EVALUATORS

Terms to which a meaning is ascribed in National Instrument 51-101 have the same meaning herein.

To the board of directors of PetroTal Corp. (the "Company"):

1.          We have evaluated of the Company's reserves data for certain oil properties which are located in
            the Bretaña field, Block 95 of onshore Peru as at December 31, 2019. The reserves data are
            estimates of proved, probable and possible reserves and related future net revenue as at
            December 31, 2019, estimated using forecast prices and costs.
2.          The reserves data are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to
            express an opinion on the reserves data based on our evaluation.
3.          We carried out our evaluation in accordance with standards set out in the Canadian Oil and Gas
            Evaluation Handbook as amended from time to time (the "COGE Handbook") maintained by the
            Society of Petroleum Evaluation Engineers (Calgary Chapter).
4.          Those standards require that we plan and perform an evaluation to obtain reasonable assurance
            as to whether the reserves data are free of material misstatement. An evaluation also includes
            assessing whether the reserves data are in accordance with principles and definitions in the COGE
            Handbook.
5.          The following table shows the net present value of future net revenue (before deduction of income
            taxes) attributed to proved plus probable plus possible reserves, estimated using forecast prices
            and costs and calculated using a discount rate of 10 percent, included in the reserves data of the
            Company evaluated for the year ended December 31, 2019, and identifies the respective portions
            thereof that we have evaluated and reported on to the Company's management:
      Independent                                                   Net Present Value of Future Net Revenue
        Qualified                                                  (Before Income Taxes, 10% Discount Rate)
        Reserves                                Location of
      Evaluator or        Effective Date of      Reserves      Audited   Evaluated      Reviewed        Total
         Auditor         Evaluation Report       (Country)      (M$)        (M$)          (M$)          (M$)
       Netherland,           December              Peru           -      1,097,766.4        -        1,097,766.4
        Sewell &              31, 2019
     Associates, Inc.
          Total                                                  Nil     1,097,766.4        Nil      1,097,766.4

6.          In our opinion, the reserves data evaluated by us have, in all material respects, been determined
            and are presented in accordance with the COGE Handbook, consistently applied. We express no
            opinion on the reserves data that we reviewed but did not audit or evaluate.

7.          We have no responsibility to update the report referred to in paragraph 5 for events and
            circumstances occurring after the effective date of our report.

8.          Because the reserves data are based on judgements regarding future events, actual results will
            vary and the variations may be material.

Executed as to our report referred to above:

            Netherland, Sewell & Associates, Inc.
            Texas Registered Engineering Firm F-2699
            Dallas, Texas, USA
            March 3, 2020
                                                 EXHIBIT 2

                                 FORM 51-101F3
          REPORT OF MANAGEMENT AND DIRECTORS ON OIL AND GAS DISCLOSURE

Terms to which a meaning is ascribed in National Instrument 51-101 have the same meaning herein.

Management of PetroTal Corp. (the "Company") are responsible for the preparation and disclosure of
information with respect to the Company's oil and gas activities in accordance with securities regulatory
requirements. This information includes reserves data.

Independent qualified reserves evaluators have evaluated and reviewed the Company's reserves data. The
report of the independent qualified reserves evaluators is presented in the Annual Information Form of the
Company for the year ended December 31, 2019.

The Reserves Committee of the Board of Directors of the Company has:

        (a)     reviewed the Company's procedures for providing information to the independent qualified
                reserves evaluators;

        (b)     met with the independent qualified reserves evaluator to determine whether any restrictions
                affected the ability of the independent qualified reserves evaluators to report without
                reservation; and

        (c)     reviewed the reserves data with management and the independent qualified reserves
                evaluators.

The Reserves Committee of the Board of Directors has reviewed the Company's procedures for assembling
and reporting other information associated with oil and gas activities and has reviewed that information with
management. The Board of Directors has, on the recommendation of the Reserves Committee, approved:

        (a)     the content and filing with securities regulatory authorities of Form 51-101F1 containing
                reserves data and other oil and gas information;

        (b)     the filing of Form 51-101F2 which is the report of the independent qualified reserves
                evaluator on the reserves data; and

        (c)     the content and filing of this report.

Because the reserves data are based on judgements regarding future events, actual results will vary and
the variations may be material.

 (signed) "Manuel Pablo Zúñiga-Pflücker"                  (signed) "Douglas C. Urch"
 Manuel Pablo Zúñiga-Pflücker                             Douglas C. Urch
 President, Chief Executive Officer and a Director        Executive Vice President and Chief Financial
                                                          Officer


 (signed) "Roger Tucker"                                  (signed) "Gary S. Guidry"
 Roger Tucker                                             Gary S. Guidry
 Director                                                 Director

 Dated June 15, 2020
