ZONQING Environmental Limited
中慶環境股份有限公司
(Incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability)
Stock code : 1855




                                                              2026
                                                              INTERIM REPORT
Contents
Corporate Information                                                                                                          2

Management Discussion and Analysis                                                                                             4

Other Information                                                                                                             14

Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss                                                                                      20

Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss and Other Comprehensive Income                                                       21

Consolidated Statement of Financial Position                                                                                  22

Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity                                                                                   24

Condensed Consolidated Cash Flow Statement                                                                                    27

Notes to the Unaudited Interim Financial Report                                                                               28

Definitions and Glossary of Technical Terms                                                                                   52


This Interim Report (“Report”) in both English and Chinese version, is available on the Company’s website of www.zonqing.net (the
“Company Website”) and the website of the Hong Kong Exchanges and Clearing Limited at www.hkexnews.hk.
    Corporate Information

    BOARD OF DIRECTORS                             AUDITOR

    Executive Directors                            KPMG
                                                   Public Interest Entity Auditor registered in accordance with
    Mr. Liu Haitao (劉海濤)                             Accounting and Financial Reporting Council Ordinance
     (Vice-chairman and Chief Executive Officer)   8th Floor, Prince’s Building
    Ms. Wang Yan (王彥)                              10 Chater Road
                                                   Central, Hong Kong
    Non-executive Directors
                                                   LEGAL ADVISER
    Mr. Sun Juqing (孫舉慶) (Chairman)
    Ms. Lyu Hongyan (呂鴻雁)                          As to Hong Kong law
    Mr. Shao Zhanguang (邵占廣)                       Eric Chow & Co. in Association with
                                                      Commerce & Finance Law Offices
    Independent Non-executive Directors            3401, Alexandra House
                                                   18 Chater Road, Central
    Mr. Gao Xiangnong (高向農)                        Hong Kong
    Mr. Yin Jun (尹軍)
    Mr. Lee Kwok Tung Louis (李國棟)
                                                   PRINCIPAL BANKS
                                                   (In Alphabetical order)
    COMPANY SECRETARY
                                                   Bank of China (Hong Kong) Limited
    Mr. Tsui Hin Chi
                                                   1 Garden Road
                                                   Hong Kong
    AUTHORISED REPRESENTATIVES
                                                   China Everbright Bank Co., Ltd
    Mr. Liu Haitao
                                                       Changchun Branch
    Mr. Tsui Hin Chi
                                                   No. 2677, Jiefang Road
                                                   Changchun City
    AUDIT COMMITTEE
                                                   Jilin Province, PRC

    Mr. Lee Kwok Tung Louis (Chairman)
                                                   China Merchants Bank,
    Mr. Gao Xiangnong
                                                       Changchun Branch
    Mr. Yin Jun
                                                   No. 3577 Dongfeng Road
                                                   Changchun City
    REMUNERATION COMMITTEE
                                                   Jilin Province, PRC

    Mr. Yin Jun (Chairman)
                                                   Industrial Bank Co., Ltd.
    Mr. Gao Xiangnong
                                                       Changchun Branch
    Mr. Lee Kwok Tung Louis
                                                   4–5/F, Building #1, Hengxingguojicheng, Nanguan District
                                                   Changchun City
    NOMINATION COMMITTEE
                                                   Jilin Province, PRC

    Mr. Gao Xiangnong (Chairman)
    Mr. Lee Kwok Tung Louis
    Mr. Yin Jun
    Ms. Lyu Hongyan




2                                                          ZONQING Environmental Limited Interim Report 2026
                                                       Corporate Information

HEAD OFFICE AND PRINCIPAL PLACE OF                  STOCK CODE
BUSINESS IN THE PRC
                                                    1855
3/F, Zhongqing Building
No.5888 Fuzhi Road                                  COMPANY WEBSITE
Jingyue High-tech Industrial Development Zone
Changchun City                                      www.zonqing.net
Jilin Province, PRC


PRINCIPAL PLACE OF BUSINESS IN
HONG KONG

Room 18, 9/F, Block B
HI-TECH Industrial Centre
491–501 Castle Peak Road
Tsuen Wan, Hong Kong


REGISTERED OFFICE

Suite 210, 2nd Floor,
Windward III, Regatta Office Park
Grand Cayman KY1-1106
Cayman Islands


PRINCIPAL SHARE REGISTRAR AND
TRANSFER OFFICE

Appleby Global Services (Cayman) Limited
Suite 210, 2nd Floor,
Windward III, Regatta Office Park
Grand Cayman KY1-1106
Cayman Islands


HONG KONG SHARE REGISTRAR

Boardroom Share Registrars (HK) Limited
Room 2103B, 21/F., 148 Electric Road
North Point
Hong Kong




Interim Report 2026 ZONQING Environmental Limited                              3
    Management Discussion and Analysis

    During 1H2026, the Group steadily consolidated its existing service businesses while actively expanding its market in city
    renewal services, city operation and maintenance services, town planning and design services, and cultural tourism. During
    the period, the Group continued to advance its nationwide development strategy, strengthening its foothold in core
    markets while deepening its presence in outbound markets, maintaining its momentum, and continuously enhancing its
    competitiveness in bidding. The Group closely monitored target markets with growth potential and actively participated
    in various bidding processes. In the first half of the year, a total of 646 bid proposals were submitted, representing an
    increase of approximately 51% compared to the same period last year. The successful tender rate was approximately
    18.73%, similar to that for the same period last year. The total contract value of newly awarded projects amounted to
    approximately RMB1,573.44 million, representing 2.2 times that for the same period last year. The Group has consistently
    adhered to prudent project selection criteria with a focus on improving project quality, reflecting its preference for a more
    proactive, steady, and high-quality bidding strategy.

    During 1H2026, the Group won tenders for projects including:

    (i)     the main contracting for the Yongchun Medical Device Innovation and Smart Manufacturing Base (永春醫療器械
            科創智造基地) (with a successful bid price of approximately RMB344.01 million);

    (ii)    the main contracting for Phase II of the Xinsheng Jiayuan (鑫盛嘉園) Residential Complex Project in Changchun
            Beihu Science and Technology Development Zone (with a successful bid price of approximately RMB296.55
            million);

    (iii)   the design and build main contracting for the interior finishing, electromechanical works and landscaping works of
            the Eastern, Central, and Western Sections of the “Galaxy Mile” (銀河一英里) underground space in Changchun
            Southern New City (with a successful bid price of approximately RMB259.24 million); and

    (iv)    operation and maintenance of the Changchun New Area new-type urbanization construction project (Phase I) PPP
            Project (Section 1) (with a successful bid price of approximately RMB75.08 million).

    During 1H2026, the Group’s subsidiaries also achieved multiple industry honours and technical accomplishments.
    Jinghe Design Group Limited* (境 和 設 計 集 團 有 限 公 司) (“Jinghe Design Group”) was awarded First-Class
    Achievement in Landscape Architecture in the 2026 Jilin Province Outstanding Survey and Design Project Evaluation
    (二零二六年度吉林省優秀勘察設計項目評定) for its main contracting (Section 1) of tourism infrastructure renovation
    and upgrade works under Phase I construction project for cultural tourism industry integration upgrade in Beihu,
    Changchun New Area. Zonbong Ecology Environmental Construction Limited* (中邦生態環境有限公司) (“Zonbong
    Ecology”) was awarded the national “Credit Star Certificate (9-Star)” (信用星級證書(9星)), granted jointly by China
    Association of Construction Enterprise Management and Credit Evaluation Engineering Committee. It was also
    awarded and honoured as a “2026 Outstanding Construction Enterprise in Jilin Province” (吉林省優秀施工企業) by
    the Jilin Provincial Construction Association. Changchun Chengjianweihu Group Co., Ltd.* (長春市城建維護集團股
    份有限公司) (“Changchun Chengjianweihu”) was awarded the “2025 Outstanding Construction Enterprise in Jilin
    Province” by the Jilin Provincial Construction Association. In terms of technological innovation, the Group obtained
    12 new utility model patents and 3 software copyrights in the first half of the year.




4                                                                           ZONQING Environmental Limited Interim Report 2026
                              Management Discussion and Analysis

RISK MANAGEMENT

The Group always believes that effective risk management is key to enhancing operational efficiency and effectiveness.
The Group’s management actively assists the Board of Directors in systematically identifying and assessing various material
risks inherent to its business, covering areas such as investment risk, interest rate risk, and liquidity risk. On this basis,
the management participates in the formulation of corresponding risk management and internal control measures and
ensures their effective implementation and enforcement in daily operations. In 1H2026, save as disclosed herein, no
material weaknesses in internal controls were identified in the Group’s financial reporting process, and the overall risk
control system operated smoothly and effectively.

On 8 December 2025, Zonbong Ecology, an indirect non-wholly owned subsidiary of the Group, advanced an amount
of RMB87.1 million (the “Advance”) to ZIHG, a connected person of the Company as temporary working capital at an
interest rate of 5% per annum, with the Advance period commencing from 8 December 2025 to 28 February 2026. The
Advance is unsecured and repayable on demand. ZIHG repaid RMB2.0 million and RMB4.6 million to Zonbong Ecology on
25 December 2025 and 31 December 2025 respectively. The total remaining amount of the Advance and corresponding
interests were fully settled by ZIHG to Zonbong Ecology on 30 January 2026. The Company only became aware that the
Advance might be regarded as a discloseable transaction and connected transaction under Chapters 14 and 14A of the
Listing Rules when preparing its results for the financial year ended 31 December 2025.

Upon the above incident, the Company immediately initiated an internal review procedure and published an
announcement regarding the discloseable transaction and connected transaction in relation to the Advance on 30 January
2026. The following internal control deficiencies were noted during internal review:

(1)    Incomplete understanding of the Listing Rules by working-level finance staff;

(2)    Deficiencies in the communication and escalation procedures within the internal control system and failure to
       alert the headquarters’ finance and compliance departments of material or unusual transactions with connected
       persons by the finance departments of subsidiaries; and

(3)    Retrospective nature of review of transactions due to the timing of the monthly reporting cycle, i.e. month-end
       closing.

Since then, the Company has made improvements to strengthen its internal controls, including:

(1)    Reiteration of (i) compliance requirements under the Listing Rules, (ii) reporting procedures of the Group and (iii)
       reporting responsibilities of each department through the distribution of a formal memorandum to, among others,
       the finance, legal, corporate and internal audit departments of the Company and its principal subsidiaries on 28
       January 2026;

(2)    Enhanced training provided to Directors and members of senior management of the Company, as well as business,
       finance and management personnel of the Group in relation to compliance with the Listing Rules and reporting
       procedures of the Group on 20 March 2026. For the rest of 2026, internal training sessions are scheduled to be
       conducted on a quarterly basis. From 2027 onwards, the Company will provide annual refresher training and
       additional ad hoc training whenever there are material rule changes;

(3)    Dynamic maintenance and updates of a list of connected persons by the Company’s compliance department,
       alongside independent quarterly reviews of the list by the Company’s internal audit department, for prompt
       distribution across the Group to guide daily transactions and fund transfers; and




Interim Report 2026 ZONQING Environmental Limited                                                                                5
    Management Discussion and Analysis

    (4)    Implementation of pre-set monetary thresholds benchmarked against the Listing Rules and the latest published
           audited financial statements of the Group, paired with a system-based alert mechanism that will notify the
           general manager and financial head of the subsidiary in question, as well as the Group’s chief financial officer and
           compliance department, via system messages when the pre-set monetary thresholds are approached or exceeded
           during the course of daily transactions. This system will enter a testing phase by the end of August 2026 and will
           formally launch by the end of September 2026. Prior to that, any transactions involving a party on the connected
           persons list must be approved by the Company’s compliance department before execution, and the finance
           department of the Company has established weekly, rolling check mechanisms by conducting sample-based and
           special look-through checks on the fund movements of each subsidiary.

    The Company will continuously monitor the internal controls of the Group and ensure their effectiveness in complying
    with the Listing Rules and other guidelines published by the Stock Exchange, including Practical Tips to Effective Risk
    Management & Internal Control Systems, pursuant to which the Company has established (i) a clear approval hierarchy
    and process for fund transfers and applications; and (ii) a regular fund look-through monitoring mechanism for regular
    reports of key fund movements and of potential compliance matters by the financial management centre and compliance
    department of the Company to the Board.

    For details of implications on corporate governance arising from the Advance, please refer to the section headed
    “Corporate governance practices” in this report.


    PROSPECTS

    In 1H2026, gross domestic product (GDP) of the PRC reached RMB69.6 trillion, representing a year-on-year
    increase of 4.7%, with overall stable performance of the domestic economy. Marking the kick-off year for the
    15th Five-Year Plan, the government continued to implement macroeconomic policies and vigorously fostered
    new productive forces. Proactive fiscal policies and structural industrial policies provided solid market support for
    infrastructure-related sectors such as construction, city renewal, and eco-cultural tourism.

    With the gradual formulation and rollout of the relevant plans and supporting policies for the 15th Five-Year Plan,
    sectors such as city renewal, ecological restoration, and the integrated cultural tourism are poised to seize long-term
    development opportunities. Industry research indicates that during the 15th Five-Year Plan period, niche markets
    including the renovation of aging urban residential communities, the upgrading of underground pipe networks
    (including the construction of smart pipe networks), the redevelopment of urban villages, and the preservation of
    historical and cultural heritage are expected to generate sustained demand for construction as well as operations and
    maintenance services, which align closely with the Group’s core businesses.

    In terms of funding, the 2026 central budget has allocated RMB97 billion specifically for city renewal, with a focus
    on supporting projects such as the renovation of aging residential communities and the rehabilitation of dilapidated
    and unsafe urban housing. Through ultra-long-term special treasury bonds, RMB160 billion has been allocated to
    support the construction and renovation of urban underground pipe networks. A total of RMB800 billion in new
    policy-based financial instruments is expected to be deployed in the second half of the year, with a focus on city
    renewal and the “Six Networks”, which include water networks, advanced power grids, computing power networks,
    next-generation communication networks, urban underground pipeline networks, and logistics networks.




6                                                                         ZONQING Environmental Limited Interim Report 2026
                              Management Discussion and Analysis

Mandatory requirements have been set out for urban landscaping, the development of park green spaces, and urban
ecological restoration. The implementation of landscaping projects to benefit the public and enhance efficiency has been
clearly mandated. This includes the renovation and upgrading of 20,000 hectares of urban park green spaces, the addition
of 15,000 new pocket parks, and the construction and renovation of 20,000 kilometers of urban greenways. The revised
Regulations on Urban Greening《城市綠化條例》promulgated by the State Council, which was finalised in January
2026 and became effective on 20 March 2026, provides a legal basis for the planning, construction, protection, and
management of urban greening.

The State Council issued the “15th Five-Year Plan for Expanding Consumption,” emphasizing the need to expand the
supply of high-quality cultural and tourism consumption and to deepen the integrated development of “cultural tourism
+ all industries” and “all industries + cultural tourism.” In addition, the “15th Five-Year Plan for Building a Tourism
Powerhouse” has been released, setting a target of 8.3 billion tourist trips by 2030, which is expected to deliver long-term
growth opportunities for the Group’s cultural tourism business.

Looking ahead to the second half of 2026, the progress of project development in the infrastructure and city renewal
sectors is expected to accelerate as special-purpose bonds and various policy-based financial instruments are gradually
implemented. The Group has maintained a robust order backlog for the period, and its business portfolio is highly aligned
with national industrial policy priorities.

The Group will continue to uphold its core philosophy of “people-oriented and endeavour-oriented” and fulfil its
corporate mission of “Greening China for a Collective Future”. It will focus on its core business, actively expanding into
outbound markets while deepening its presence in key regional markets. Centering on high-quality and efficient delivery
of projects, the management will keep optimising the project screening mechanism, strictly control operational risks, and
focus on restoring and improving profitability, striving to enhance asset operational efficiency and shareholder returns.


FINANCIAL REVIEW

Revenue

Revenue of the Group decreased by approximately 31.7% or approximately RMB241.7 million from approximately
RMB761.9 million for 1H2025 to approximately RMB520.3 million for 1H2026. The decrease in revenue during 1H2026
was primarily due to two factors: a significant reduction in revenue as key projects successively entered the final stages of
completion, and the fact that new orders received during the current period were still in the early implementation phase
and had not yet contributed to revenue. New project orders are expected to be implemented continuously.

City renewal services

The Group recorded a decrease in revenue from the city renewal services segment, from approximately RMB580.5
million for 1H2025 to approximately RMB335.1 million for 1H2026, representing a decrease of approximately 42.3% or
approximately RMB245.4 million, which was mainly due to two factors: a significant reduction in revenue as key projects
successively entered the final stages of completion, and the fact that new orders received during the current period were
still in the early implementation phase and had not yet contributed to revenue. New project orders are expected to be
implemented continuously.




Interim Report 2026 ZONQING Environmental Limited                                                                               7
    Management Discussion and Analysis

    City operation and maintenance services

    The Group recorded an increase in revenue from the city operation and maintenance services segment, from
    approximately RMB121.6 million for 1H2025 to approximately RMB138.5 million for 1H2026, representing an
    increase of approximately 13.9% or approximately RMB16.9 million. Such increase in segment revenue was primarily
    attributable to the Group’s ability to capitalise on market opportunities and expand its business scale, driven by
    national policy initiatives and industry policies aimed at strengthening the operation and maintenance of existing
    urban facilities, which led to an increase in the number of urban operation and maintenance projects.


    Town planning design services

    The Group recorded a decrease in revenue from the town planning design services segment, from approximately RMB42.8
    million for 1H2025 to approximately RMB34.1 million for 1H2026, representing a decrease of approximately 20.4% or
    approximately RMB8.8 million, which was mainly attributable to existing projects successively entering their final stage of
    completion, resulting in a decline in related revenue; at the same time, newly signed orders were still in the early stages
    of project development with revenue yet to be realised. The combination of these two factors led to a decline in segment
    revenue.


    Cultural tourism

    The Group recorded a decrease in revenue from the cultural tourism segment from approximately RMB17.0 million
    for 1H2025 to approximately RMB12.5 million for 1H2026, representing a decrease of approximately 26.1% or
    approximately RMB4.4 million which was mainly attributable to external factors such as intensifying competition
    in the cultural tourism market during 1H2026 and the actual number of visitors to scenic spots during this period
    declining as compared with the same period last year, putting pressure on segment revenue.


    Gross profit and gross profit margin

    The Group’s gross profit decreased by approximately 47.3% or approximately RMB71.5 million from approximately
    RMB151.0 million for 1H2025 to approximately RMB79.5 million for 1H2026. The decrease in the Group’s gross
    profit was mainly due to the relatively low overall profit margin of the new orders secured during 1H2026; and
    the decrease in the proportion of high-gross-margin projects as compared with the corresponding period of the
    previous year.


    Other net income

    The Group’s other net income decreased by approximately 49.5% or approximately RMB1.9 million from approximately
    RMB3.8 million for 1H2025 to approximately RMB1.9 million for 1H2026. The decrease was mainly attributable to the
    decrease in government subsidies.




8                                                                          ZONQING Environmental Limited Interim Report 2026
                              Management Discussion and Analysis

Selling expenses

The Group’s selling expenses primarily comprised expenses incurred in relation to sales support and marketing activities of
the Group.

The Group’s selling expenses remained stable at approximately RMB14.7 million and approximately RMB13.6 million in
1H2025 and 1H2026, respectively.


Administrative expenses

The Group’s administrative expenses primarily comprised expenses incurred in relation to the general operation of the
Group.

The administrative expenses decreased by approximately 20.4% or approximately RMB7.6 million from approximately
RMB37.4 million for 1H2025 to approximately RMB29.8 million for 1H2026, which was mainly due to the Group’s
optimisation of its organisational structure, strengthening control over expense budgets, and active implementation of
cost-cutting and efficiency improvement measures during the period when its performance was under pressure, resulting
in reduced administrative expenses.


Impairment losses under the expected credit loss (“ECL”) model

The impairment losses on trade and other receivables and contract assets under the ECL model for 1H2026 was
approximately RMB18.9 million (1H2025: approximately RMB28.8 million). The decrease was mainly due to the fact that
the credit risk of major partner clients did not deteriorate further, and the optimisation of the Group’s accounts receivable
collection management mechanism and requirement for higher proportion of contract prepayments, which lowered the
credit risk faced by the Group.


Finance costs

The Group’s finance costs mainly represented interest expenses on bank and other loans, and decreased by approximately
27.1% or approximately RMB8.6 million from approximately RMB31.7 million for 1H2025 to approximately RMB23.1
million for 1H2026, which was mainly due to the decreased interest rate of bank borrowings.


Share of losses of associates

The Group’s share of profits of associates represented profits/(losses) shared from two associates, namely Changchun
Xianbang Municipal and Landscape Limited* (長春現邦市政園林有限責任公司) (“Changchun Xianbang”) and
Tianjin Nangang Municipal Garden Engineering Limited* (天津南港市政園林工程有限公司) (“Tianjin Nangang”).

Changchun Xianbang was established in Changchun, the PRC, in 2017 as a project company responsible for financing,
developing, operating and maintaining a PPP project of Landscape and Greening Enhancement and Maintenance and
Municipal Infrastructure Management and Maintenance for the Economic Development Zone (經開區綠化景觀提升維護
及市政設施管理維護PPP項目) (“EDZ Project”), which commenced in 2017. The Group has been holding 50.0% equity
interest in Changchun Xianbang since its establishment and it was accounted as associate of the Group given that the
Group did not have the power to control its financial and operating policies.




Interim Report 2026 ZONQING Environmental Limited                                                                               9
     Management Discussion and Analysis

     The Group has also acquired 20% interest in Tianjin Nangang on 17 February 2022 at a consideration of approximately
     RMB4.72 million from an independent third party, which represents an investment in an associate of the Group. Tianjin
     Nangang is a comprehensive platform company based in Nangang Industrial Park (the “Park”) and integrating quality
     resources from various parties, Tianjin Nangang is positioned as a quality service provider in the Park. It is committed
     to provide public utility services to the Park Management Committee and consulting, construction, operations, and
     maintenance services to enterprises in the Park.

     During 1H2026, results of associates attributable to the Group decreased by RMB0.5 million from share of loss of
     approximately RMB1.8 million for 1H2025 to share of loss of approximately RMB1.3 million for 1H2026.


     Share of (losses)/profits of a joint venture

     The Group’s share of profits of a joint venture represents profits shared from a jointly controlled project company, namely
     Ulanhot Tianjiao Tianjun Tourism Development Limited (烏蘭浩特市天驕天駿旅遊開發有限公司) (“Tianjun Tourism”),
     which was registered in Inner Mongolia, the PRC, as a project company responsible for financing, developing, operating
     and maintaining a PPP project, the Shenjunshan Ecological Restoration and Landscaping Project (神駿山生態修復及景觀項
     目) (“Shenjunshan Project”), which commenced in 2017. The Group has been holding 75.0% equity interest in Tianjun
     Tourism since its incorporation and it was accounted as a joint venture of the Group given that the power to control its
     financial and operating policies was jointly held by the Group and another shareholder.

     During 1H2026, profits of a joint venture attributable to the Group decreased by approximately 4,800.0% or
     approximately RMB4.8 million from share of profits of approximately RMB0.1 million for 1H2025 to share of losses of
     approximately RMB4.7 million for 1H2026. The fluctuation was mainly due to the decrease in revenue of the joint venture.


     Income tax

     The Group’s income tax decreased by approximately RMB2.7 million from approximately RMB4.2 million for 1H2025 to
     approximately RMB1.5 million for 1H2026, which was mainly due to the decrease of the taxable income of the Group.


     Net current assets

     The Group’s net current assets decreased by approximately 2.6% or approximately RMB8.6 million from approximately
     RMB335.5 million as at 31 December 2025 to approximately RMB326.9 million as at 30 June 2026, primarily attributable
     to the decrease in revenue.


     Liquidity and financial resources

     As at 30 June 2026, the cash and cash equivalents of the Group amounted to approximately RMB231.7 million (31
     December 2025: approximately RMB278.1 million). As at 30 June 2026, the Group had borrowings of approximately
     RMB763.4 million (31 December 2025: approximately RMB759.8 million), which are denominated in Renminbi. Based on
     the scheduled repayment terms set out in the loan agreements, approximately RMB763.4 million (31 December 2025:
     approximately RMB759.8 million) of the borrowings are payable within one year. Some of the borrowings were secured
     and guaranteed by controlling shareholders, trade receivables and contract assets and bank deposits of the Group, related
     parties or third-party guarantee companies.

     As at 30 June 2026, there had been no breach of loan covenants relating to bank and other loans of the Group.




10                                                                          ZONQING Environmental Limited Interim Report 2026
                             Management Discussion and Analysis

Gearing ratio

The gearing ratio (calculated by bank and other loans divided by total equity) increased from 0.93 times as at 31
December 2025 to 0.95 times as at 30 June 2026, the increase was primarily due to the increased bank and other loans
for 1H2026.


MATERIAL ACQUISITIONS AND DISPOSALS

The Group had no material acquisitions and disposals of subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures in 1H2026.


SIGNIFICANT INVESTMENTS HELD

As at 30 June 2026, except for the associates and the joint venture of the Group as mentioned in this report, the Group
did not hold any significant investments.

For discussion of the performance of the Group’s associates and joint venture, please refer to the paragraphs headed
“Share of losses of associates” and “Share of (losses)/profits of a joint venture” in this report above.


CONTINGENT LIABILITIES

As at 30 June 2026, the Group has issued a guarantee in respect of a bank loan of Tianjun Tourism, a joint venture
of the Group. In May 2019, Tianjun Tourism signed a long-term bank loan contract with the principal amounting to
RMB410,000,000, among which RMB310,000,000 (including principal and interest) is to be guaranteed by the Group.
As at 30 June 2026, the balance of the bank loan is RMB251,000,000 (31 December 2025: RMB253,000,000). The fair
value of the financial guarantee provided by the Group was initially estimated as RMB28,015,000 and was recognised
as “accrued expenses and other payables — financial guarantees issued”. While no consideration was received for the
financial guarantee granted, the fair value of the guarantee granted was accounted for as contributions to the investment
in a joint venture and recognised as part of the cost of investment in a joint venture during the year ended 31 December
2019. As at 30 June 2026, the unamortised balance of financial guarantee issued by the Group included in “accrued
expenses and other payables” amounted to RMB14,968,000 (31 December 2025: RMB15,087,000).

As at 30 June 2026, the Group has issued a guarantee in respect of a bank loan of Changchun Xianbang, an associate of
the Group. In November 2019, Changchun Xianbang signed a long-term bank loan contract with the principal amounting
to RMB300,000,000, among which RMB330,000,000 (including principal and interest) is to be guaranteed by the Group.
As at 30 June 2026, the balance of the bank loan is RMB62,000,000 (31 December 2025: RMB91,500,000). The fair
value of the financial guarantee provided by the Group was initially estimated to be RMB12,685,000 and RMB2,692,000
was recognised as “accrued expenses and other payables — financial guarantees issued”. While no consideration was
received for the financial guarantee granted, the fair value of the guarantee granted was accounted for as contributions
to the investment in an associate and recognised as part of the cost of investment in an associate during the years ended
31 December 2019 and 2020. As at 30 June 2026, the unamortised balance of financial guarantee issued by the Group
included in “accrued expenses and other payables” amounted to RMB2,933,000 (31 December 2025: RMB4,699,000).




Interim Report 2026 ZONQING Environmental Limited                                                                           11
     Management Discussion and Analysis

     FINANCIAL GUARANTEES ISSUED

     The Group’s financial guarantees issued amounted to approximately RMB17.9 million and approximately RMB19.8 million
     as at 30 June 2026 and 31 December 2025, respectively. The financial guarantees issued as at 30 June 2026 represented
     the guarantees provided by the Group for the borrowings of Changchun Xianbang and Tianjun Tourism, for the purpose
     of supporting the financing for their projects, and were initially recognised with reference to fees charged in an arm’s
     length transaction for similar services and are amortised in profit or loss over the term of the guarantees subsequent to
     initial recognition. Such financial guarantees issued by the Group are expected to be released upon the maturity and full
     repayment of the bank loans borrowed by Changchun Xianbang and Tianjun Tourism in 2026 and 2033, respectively.


     FUTURE PLANS FOR MATERIAL INVESTMENTS OR CAPITAL ASSETS

     The Group does not have any concrete plans for material investments or capital assets as at the date of this report.


     OTHER INFORMATION

     Dividend

     The Directors do not recommend the payment of an interim dividend for 1H2026 (1H2025: Nil).


     Employees and remuneration policies

     As at 30 June 2026, the Group had 754 employees. The Group’s Remuneration Management Policy and Fringe Benefits
     System has been formulated to establish a systematic remuneration system, enabling the employees to have full vision
     and understanding of the Group’s human resources management function, human resources management policies
     and system, composition and accounting of remuneration and fringe benefits etc., so as to ensure and enhance the
     transparency and fairness. The remuneration committee of the Company (the “Remuneration Committee”) was set up
     for reviewing the Group’s remuneration policy and structure of the Directors, senior management and employees of the
     Group. The Remuneration Committee currently comprises three independent non-executive Directors, namely Mr. Yin Jun,
     Mr. Lee Kwok Tung Louis and Mr. Gao Xiangnong, and Mr. Yin Jun is the chairman of the Remuneration Committee.


     Purchase, sale and redemption of listed securities

     During 1H2026, there are no treasury shares held by the Company.

     Neither the Company, nor any of its subsidiaries purchased, sold or redeemed any of the Company’s listed securities
     (including sale of treasury shares) during 1H2026.


     Securities transactions by the Directors

     The Company has adopted a code of conduct regarding securities transactions by the Directors on terms in accordance
     to the required standard of dealings as set out in the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers
     (the “Model Code”). The Company, having made specific enquiry of all the Directors, is not aware of any non-compliance
     with the required standard of dealings and its code of conduct regarding securities transactions by the Directors
     throughout 1H2026.




12                                                                          ZONQING Environmental Limited Interim Report 2026
                             Management Discussion and Analysis

Events after 1H2026

No significant events have taken place subsequent to 30 June 2026 and up to the date of this report.


Corporate governance practices

The Directors recognise the importance of incorporating elements of good corporate governance in the management
structures and internal control procedures of the Company so as to achieve effective accountability.

The Company has adopted the code provisions as set out in Corporate Governance Code (the “CG Code”) as contained
in Appendix C1 to the Listing Rules as its own code of corporate governance. The Company will continue to review and
enhance its corporate governance to ensure compliance with the CG Code.

During 1H2026, the Company was unable to fully comply with Code Provision D.1.2 for a limited period following the
discovery of the Advance in January 2026, which required additional time for investigation, verification and finalisation
of the relevant financial information. In place of the regular monthly updates during that period, members of the Board
had an additional meeting and received briefings on the status of the investigation and the financial impact as soon as
material information became available. These alternative measures enabled the Board to discharge its duties under Rule
3.08 and Chapter 13 of the Listing Rules in a timely manner. The Board considers that the alternative measures achieved
the intended objective of the Code Provision. The temporary non-compliance did not have any material adverse impact
on the Company’s operations or financial position. The Company has since resumed full compliance with Code Provision
D.1.2.


Review by audit committee

The audit committee of the Company (“Audit Committee”) comprises three independent non-executive Directors,
namely, Mr. Lee Kwok Tung Louis (Chairman), Mr. Gao Xiangnong and Mr. Yin Jun. The unaudited interim results of
the Group for the six months ended 30 June 2026 and the interim financial report have been reviewed by the Audit
Committee.


CHANGES IN DIRECTORS’ INFORMATION UNDER RULE 13.51B(1) OF THE LISTING
RULES

There was no change in the composition of the Board or the chief executive of the Company during the Reporting Period.
Save as disclosed in this interim report, there was no other change in the information of the Directors required to be
disclosed pursuant to Rule 13.51B(1) of the Listing Rules.




Interim Report 2026 ZONQING Environmental Limited                                                                           13
     Other Information

     INTERESTS AND SHORT POSITIONS OF DIRECTORS IN SHARES AND UNDERLYING
     SHARES OF THE COMPANY AND ITS ASSOCIATED CORPORATIONS

     As at 30 June 2026, the interests or short positions of the Directors or chief executive of the Company in the Shares,
     underlying Shares and debentures of the Company or any of its associated corporations (within the meaning of Part XV
     of the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Chapter 571 of the Laws of Hong Kong) (“SFO”) which will be required (a) to be
     notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to Divisions 7 and 8 of Part XV of the SFO (including interests
     or short positions which they are taken or deemed to have under such provisions of the SFO), or (b) to be entered into the
     register required to be kept by the Company pursuant to section 352 of the SFO, or (c) as otherwise to be notified to the
     Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers
     (the “Model Code”) contained in Appendix C3 to the Listing Rules, are set out as follows:

     (i)   Long positions in our shares

                                                                                                                              Approximate
                                                                                                                             percentage of
           Name of                 Nature of                                                      Number of shares             issued share
           Director                interest                   Relevant company                      held/interested                  capital

           Mr. Sun Juqing          Interest of spouse         Zonqing International                      543,606,498                   65.89
                                                                Investment Limited
                                                                (“Zonqing International”)
           Mr. Liu Haitao          Interest in a controlled   Zonbong International                       42,162,312                    5.11
                                      corporation               Investment Limited
                                                                (“Zonbong International”)

           Notes:

           1.       Mr. Sun Juqing is the spouse of Ms. Zhao Hongyu. Ms. Zhao Hongyu is the beneficial owner of 35% shareholding in
                    Zonqing International and is therefore deemed to be interested in the Shares held by Zonqing International for the purposes
                    of the SFO. Accordingly, Mr. Sun is deemed to be interested in the Shares in which Ms. Zhao Hongyu is interested for the
                    purpose of the SFO.

           2.       Given that Mr. Liu Haitao is the beneficial owner of 60.11% shareholding in Zonbong International, Mr. Liu is deemed to be
                    interested in the Shares held by Zonbong International for the purposes of the SFO.


     (ii) Long position in the ordinary shares of associated corporations

                                                                                                                                 Approximate
                                               Name of associated                                       Nature of               percentage of
           Name of Director                    corporations                   Capacity                  interests                shareholding

           Mr. Sun Juqing(1) (2)               Zonqing International          Beneficial owner          Long position                  62.00%
           Mr. Sun Juqing                      Zonbong International          Beneficial owner          Long position                  22.41%
           Mr. Liu Haitao                      Zonqing International          Beneficial owner          Long position                   5.00%
           Mr. Liu Haitao(3)                   Zonbong International          Beneficial owner          Long position                  60.11%
           Mr. Shao Zhanguang                  Zonqing International          Beneficial owner          Long position                   5.00%
           Mr. Shao Zhanguang                  Zonbong International          Beneficial owner          Long position                   7.04%
           Ms. Lyu Hongyan                     Zonbong International          Beneficial owner          Long position                   1.92%
           Ms. Wang Yan                        Zonbong International          Beneficial owner          Long position                   1.02%



14                                                                                   ZONQING Environmental Limited Interim Report 2026
                                                                                         Other Information

      Notes:

      (1)      Mr. Sun Juqing and Ms. Zhao Hongyu are the beneficial owners of 27.00% and 35.00% shareholding in Zonqing
               International, respectively, during the Reporting Period. As Mr. Sun Juqing and Ms. Zhao Hongyu are the spouse of each
               other, they are deemed to be interested in the same number of shares that the other person is interested in for the purpose
               of the SFO.

      (2)      During the Reporting Period, Mr. Sun Juqing is the sole director of Zonqing International.

      (3)      During the Reporting Period, Mr. Liu Haitao is the sole director of Zonbong International.


Save as disclosed above, none of the Directors, or chief executives of the Company or their associates had any interests
or short positions in any shares, underlying shares or debentures of the Company or any of its associated corporations as
defined in Part XV of the SFO as recorded in the register to be kept under section 352 of the SFO or as otherwise notified
to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to the Model Code as at the date of this Report.


DIRECTORS’ RIGHT TO ACQUIRE SHARES

Save as disclosed, at no time during 1H2026 was the Company, or any of its holding companies, its subsidiaries or its
fellow subsidiaries a party to any arrangement to enable the Directors and chief executives of the Company (including
their spouses and minor children) to hold any interests or short positions in the shares, underlying shares or debentures of
the Company or its associated corporations.


SUBSTANTIAL SHAREHOLDERS’ INTERESTS AND SHORT POSITIONS IN SHARES AND
UNDERLYING SHARES

As at 30 June 2026, the register of substantial Shareholders maintained by the Company pursuant to section 336 of
the SFO shows that, other than the interests of the Directors and the chief executives of the Company, the following
Shareholders had notified the Company of relevant interests or short position in shares and underlying shares of Company
as follows:


                                                                                                                         Approximate
                                                                                                                        percentage of
Name of                          Nature of                                   Long position/             Number of         issued share
Shareholders                     interest                                    Short position                shares               capital

Zonqing International            Beneficial owner                            Long position             543,606,498             65.89%
Ms. Zhao Hongyu                  Interest in a controlled corporation        Long position             543,606,498             65.89%
Mr. Sun Juqing                   Interest of spouse                          Long position             543,606,498             65.89%
Zonbong International            Beneficial owner                            Long position              42,162,312              5.11%
Mr. Liu Haitao                   Interest in a controlled corporation        Long position              42,162,312              5.11%
Ms. Wang Tiannv                  Interest of spouse                          Long position              42,162,312              5.11%




Interim Report 2026 ZONQING Environmental Limited                                                                                            15
     Other Information

     Notes:

     1.       Ms. Zhao Hongyu is the beneficial owner of 35% shareholding in Zonqing International and is therefore deemed to be interested
              in the Shares held by Zonqing International for the purposes of the SFO.

     2.       Mr. Sun Juqing is the spouse of Ms. Zhao Hongyu. Accordingly, Mr. Sun Juqing is deemed to be interested in the Shares in which
              Ms. Zhao Hongyu is interested for the purpose of the SFO.

     3.       Given that Mr. Liu Haitao is the beneficial owner of 60.11% shareholding in Zonbong International, Mr. Liu Haitao is deemed to be
              interested in the Shares held by Zonbong International for the purposes of the SFO.

     4.       Ms. Wang Tiannv is the spouse of Mr. Liu Haitao. Accordingly, Ms. Wang Tiannv is deemed to be interested in the Shares in which
              Mr. Liu Haitao is interested for the purposes of the SFO.

     Saved as disclosed above, as at 30 June 2026, the Directors and the chief executive of the Company were not aware of
     any other person (other than the Directors or chief executive of the Company) who had an interest or short position in the
     Shares, underlying shares or debentures of the Company as recorded in the register required to be kept by the Company
     pursuant to section 336 of the SFO.


     SUFFICIENCY OF PUBLIC FLOAT
     Based on the information publicly available to the Company and to the best of the Directors’ knowledge, information and
     belief, the Company has maintained sufficient public float as required under the Listing Rules during 1H2026 and up to
     the date of this interim report.


     COMPETING BUSINESS

     During the first half of 2023, the Group acquired 87.5% equity interest in Jilin Modern Zhongqing (the “Acquisition”),
     which together with its subsidiaries are primarily engaged in the provision of environmental hygiene services and
     construction and maintenance services for public work projects. Following the Acquisition, the Group’s business operations
     now cover the municipal construction sector, on top of the existing landscaping and ecological restoration sector. On
     the other hand, ZIHG Group, which is controlled by the Ultimate Controlling Shareholders, is primarily engaged in the
     infrastructure and municipal construction works business and other businesses. Nevertheless, the respective municipal
     construction business of the Group and the ZIHG Group can be delineated from each other in terms of both geographical
     locations and the nature of services provided. For more details, please refer to the circular of the Company in relation to
     the Acquisition dated 9 June 2023.

     Furthermore, pursuant to (i) the Deed of Non-competition given by the Ultimate Controlling Shareholders in favor of
     the Company as disclosed in the Prospectus, and (ii) the non-competition undertaking given by the ZIHG Group in the
     equity transfer agreement for the Acquisition, ZIHG Group shall not, whether directly or indirectly, engage in business
     activity that competes or may compete with the existing business of Group (including Jilin Modern Zhongqing and its
     subsidiaries).

     Taking into consideration of the above, the Directors are of the view that the respective businesses of the Group and the
     ZIHG Group can be delineated and there is no material conflict of interests between the Group on one hand and the ZIHG
     Group on the other hand.

     Save as disclosed in this Report, none of the Directors held any interests in any business that compete directly against the
     Company or any of its jointly controlled entities and subsidiaries during 1H2026.




16                                                                                   ZONQING Environmental Limited Interim Report 2026
                                                                              Other Information

SHAREHOLDERS’ RIGHTS

To safeguard the Shareholders’ interests and rights, separate resolutions should be proposed for each substantially
separate issue at general meetings, including the election of individual Directors. All resolutions put forward at general
meetings will be voted on by poll pursuant to the Listing Rules and the poll results will be posted on the websites of the
Company and of the Stock Exchange after each general meeting.


Convening an Extraordinary General Meeting

Pursuant to Article 64 of the Articles of Association, any one or more Shareholders holding at the date of deposit of
the requisition not less than one-tenth of the voting rights at general meetings of the Company (on a one vote per
share basis) in the share capital of the Company shall at all times have the right, by written requisition to the Board or
the company secretary of the Company, to require an extraordinary general meeting to be called by the Board for the
transaction of any business specified in such requisition and/or add resolutions to the agenda of a meeting. Such meeting
shall be held within two months after the deposit of such requisition. If within 21 days of such deposit the Board shall
fail to proceed to convene such meeting the requisitionist(s) himself (themselves) may do so in the same manner, and
all reasonable expenses incurred by the requisitionist(s) as a result of the failure of the Board shall be reimbursed to the
requisitionist(s) by the Company.


Nomination of Directors for Election

Article 113 of the Articles of Association provides that no person, other than a retiring Director, shall, unless
recommended by the Board, be eligible for election to the office of the Director at any general meeting unless, during
the period, which shall be at least seven days, commencing no earlier than the day after the dispatch of the notice of the
meeting appointed for such election and ending no later than seven days prior to the date of such general meeting, there
has been a written notice by that person of his willingness to be elected lodged at the Head Office or at the Registration
Office as defined in the Articles.

Accordingly, where a Shareholder intends to nominate a person for election as a director of the Company at a general
meeting, the following documents shall be validly served at the principal office or at the Hong Kong Share Registrar of the
Company, namely: (1) his/her notice of intention to propose a resolution at the general meeting; (2) a notice signed by the
nominated candidate of his/her willingness for election; (3) the nominated candidate’s information as required be disclosed
under Rule 13.51(2) of the Listing Rules; and (4) the nominated candidate’s willingness to be elected and written consent
to the publication of his/her personal information.


Contact Details

Shareholders may send their enquiries or requests as mentioned above to the following:


Address:   3/F, Zhongqing Building, No.5888 Fuzhi Road, Jingyue High-tech Industrial Development Zone, Changchun
           City, Jilin Province, PRC
Email:     IR@zonqing.net

For the avoidance of doubt, Shareholder(s) must deposit and send the original duly signed written requisition, notice
or statement, or enquiry (as the case may be) to the above address and provide their full name, contact details and
identification in order to give effect thereto. Shareholders’ information may be disclosed as required by law.




Interim Report 2026 ZONQING Environmental Limited                                                                              17
     Other Information

     SHARE OPTION SCHEME

     The Company has conditionally adopted a share option scheme (“Share Option Scheme”) pursuant to the written
     resolutions of the Shareholders and Directors passed on 14 December 2020 which took effect upon Listing. The principal
     terms of the Share Option Scheme are summarised in Appendix IV to the Prospectus.

     The purpose of the Share Option Scheme is to provide an incentive or reward for any full-time or part-time employees,
     consultants or potential employees, consultants, executives or officers (including executive, non-executive Directors and
     independent non-executive Directors) of the Company or any of its subsidiaries, and any suppliers, clients, consultants,
     agents and advisers, for their contribution or potential contribution to the Company and/or any of its subsidiaries.

     Other than the Share Option Scheme, the Group has no share schemes under Chapter 17 of the Listing Rules. No share
     option has been granted by the Company under the Share Option Scheme since Listing and up to 30 June 2026, hence
     there are no share option vested, exercised, expired, cancelled or lapsed under the Share Option Scheme since Listing,
     nor any outstanding share option as at 30 June 2026. There were 27,500,000 share options available for grant as at both
     1 January 2026 and 30 June 2026, as no share options had been granted in the six months ended 30 June 2026.


     PURCHASE, SALE AND REDEMPTION OF LISTED SECURITIES

     During 1H2026, there are no treasury Shares held by the Company.

     Neither the Company, nor any of its subsidiaries purchased, sold or redeemed any of the Company’s listed securities
     (including sale of treasury shares) during 1H2026.


     RELATED PARTIES TRANSACTIONS
     The material related party transactions entered into by the Group during 1H2026 are set out in Note 20, including
     transactions that constitute connected/continuing connected transactions for which the disclosure requirements under
     Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules have been complied with.

     Save for the contracts described in Notes 9, 10, 12, 13 and 14 in this Report, (a) no transactions, arrangements and
     contracts of significance in relation to the Group’s business to which the Company or any of its holding company or
     subsidiaries or fellow subsidiaries was a party and in which a Director and his/her connected party had a material interest,
     whether directly or indirectly, subsisted at the end of 1H2026 or at any time during 1H2026; and (b) there is no contract
     of significance (i) between the Company or its subsidiaries and Company’s Controlling Shareholders or its subsidiaries;
     and (ii) for the provision of services to the Company or any of its subsidiaries by Company’s Controlling Shareholders or its
     subsidiaries.


     SECURITIES TRANSACTIONS BY THE DIRECTORS
     The Company has adopted a code of conduct regarding securities transactions by the Directors on terms in accordance
     with the required standard of dealings as set out in the Model Code. The Company, having made specific enquiry of
     all the Directors, is not aware of any non-compliance with the required standard of dealings and its code of conduct
     regarding securities transactions by the Directors since the Listing Date (as defined in the Prospectus).


     EVENTS AFTER 1H2026
     No significant events have taken place subsequent since 30 June 2026 and up to the date of this report.




18                                                                           ZONQING Environmental Limited Interim Report 2026
                                                                         Other Information

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE PRACTICES

The Directors recognise the importance of incorporating elements of good corporate governance in the management
structures and internal control procedures of the Company so as to achieve effective accountability.

The Company has adopted the code provisions as set out in Corporate Governance Code (the “CG Code”) as contained
in Appendix C1 to the Listing Rules as its own code of corporate governance. The Company will continue to review and
enhance its corporate governance to ensure compliance with the CG Code.


REVIEW OF INTERIM FINANCIAL INFORMATION

The Audit Committee comprises three independent non-executive Directors, namely, Mr. Lee Kwok Tung Louis (Chairman),
Mr. Gao Xiangnong and Mr. Yin Jun. The unaudited interim results of the Group for the six months ended 30 June 2026
and the interim financial statements have been reviewed by the Audit Committee.

On behalf of the Board




Mr. Sun Juqing
Chairman

Hong Kong, 21 August 2026




Interim Report 2026 ZONQING Environmental Limited                                                                      19
     Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss
     For the six months ended 30 June 2026 — unaudited
     (Expressed in Renminbi (“RMB”))


                                                                                              Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                                    2026             2025
                                                                                 Note            RMB’000          RMB’000

     Revenue                                                                      4                520,251             761,932

     Cost of sales                                                                                (440,707)           (610,937)


     Gross profit                                                                                   79,544             150,995

     Other net income                                                                                1,893                3,751
     Selling expenses                                                                              (13,554)             (14,651)
     Administrative expenses                                                                       (29,791)             (37,433)
     Impairment losses on trade and other receivables,
       contract assets and financial guarantees issued                                             (18,896)             (28,773)


     Profit from operations                                                                         19,196              73,889

     Finance costs                                                               5(a)              (23,100)             (31,688)
     Share of losses of associates                                                                  (1,284)               (1,817)
     Share of (losses)/profits of a joint venture                                                   (4,702)                   99


     (Loss)/profit before taxation                                                5                  (9,890)            40,483

     Income tax                                                                   6                  (1,495)             (4,151)


     (Loss)/profit for the period                                                                  (11,385)             36,332


     Attributable to:

     Equity shareholders of the Company                                                            (15,364)             29,333
     Non-controlling interests                                                                       3,979               6,999


     (Loss)/profit for the period                                                                  (11,385)             36,332


     (Loss)/earnings per share (RMB cents)

     Basic and diluted                                                            7                      (2)                  4


     The notes on pages 28 to 51 form part of this interim financial report. Details of dividends payable to equity shareholders
     of the Company are set out in Note 16(b).




20                                                                          ZONQING Environmental Limited Interim Report 2026
           Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss and
                          Other Comprehensive Income
                                                                    For the six months ended 30 June 2026 — unaudited
                                                                                                     (Expressed in RMB)

                                                                                       Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                             2026             2025
                                                                                          RMB’000          RMB’000

(Loss)/profit for the period                                                                (11,385)            36,332


Other comprehensive income for the period

Item that will not be reclassified to profit or loss:
   Equity investments at fair value through other comprehensive income
     – net movement in fair value reserve                                                       (51)               (33)
Item that may be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss:
   Exchange differences on translation of financial statements of overseas
     companies of the Group                                                                  (1,500)              (707)


Other comprehensive income for the period                                                    (1,551)              (740)


Total comprehensive income for the period                                                   (12,936)            35,592


Attributable to:

Equity shareholders of the Company                                                          (16,915)            28,593
Non-controlling interests                                                                     3,979              6,999


Total comprehensive income for the period                                                   (12,936)            35,592


The notes on pages 28 to 51 form part of this interim financial report.




Interim Report 2026 ZONQING Environmental Limited                                                                         21
     Consolidated Statement of Financial Position
     At 30 June 2026 — unaudited
     (Expressed in RMB)


                                                                             At                 At
                                                                        30 June        31 December
                                                                           2026               2025
                                                       Note            RMB’000             RMB’000

     Non-current assets

     Property, plant and equipment                                       43,797             38,726
     Intangible assets                                                   10,280             12,163
     Right-of-use assets                                                  5,650              7,827
     Interest in associates                                              65,288             66,572
     Interest in a joint venture                                        119,151            123,853
     Other equity investments                                            70,392             70,452
     Deferred tax assets                               15(b)             97,944             98,069
     Non-current portion of trade receivables           10                  556                556
     Non-current portion of other receivables                            66,376             66,376


                                                                        479,434            484,594


     Current assets

     Inventories and other contract costs                8               203,002            181,255
     Contract assets                                    9(a)           1,122,978          1,202,743
     Trade and bills receivables                        10             1,612,994          1,651,294
     Prepayments, deposits and other receivables                         501,759            543,696
     Restricted bank deposits                           11                 6,340             13,008
     Cash and cash equivalents                          11               231,704            278,105


                                                                       3,678,777          3,870,101


     Current liabilities

     Trade and bills payables                           12             1,120,412          1,383,221
     Accrued expenses and other payables                13               252,091            263,879
     Contract liabilities                               9(b)           1,200,345          1,096,657
     Bank and other loans                               14               763,370            759,782
     Lease liabilities                                                     1,929              2,642
     Income tax payable                                                   13,753             28,405


                                                                       3,351,900          3,534,586


     Net current assets                                                 326,877            335,515


     Total assets less current liabilities                              806,311            820,109




22                                                 ZONQING Environmental Limited Interim Report 2026
             Consolidated Statement of Financial Position
                                                                                      At 30 June 2026 — unaudited
                                                                                                 (Expressed in RMB)


                                                                                             At                At
                                                                                        30 June       31 December
                                                                                           2026              2025
                                                                          Note         RMB’000            RMB’000

Non-current liabilities

Lease liabilities                                                                         1,156              1,495
Deferred tax liabilities                                                  15(b)           4,217              4,740


                                                                                          5,373              6,235


NET ASSETS                                                                              800,938            813,874


CAPITAL AND RESERVES                                                       16

Share capital                                                                               230                230
Reserves                                                                                678,571            695,486


Total equity attributable to equity shareholders of the Company                         678,801            695,716

Non-controlling interests                                                               122,137            118,158


TOTAL EQUITY                                                                            800,938            813,874


Approved and authorised for issue by the board of directors on 21 August 2026.




                           Liu Haitao                                             Wang Yan
                             Director                                              Director

The notes on pages 28 to 51 form part of this interim financial report.




Interim Report 2026 ZONQING Environmental Limited                                                                     23
     Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity
     For the six months ended 30 June 2026 — unaudited
     (Expressed in RMB)


                                                                    Attributable to equity shareholders of the Company
                                                                                              Fair                                                                Non-
                                         Share       Share     Other      Statutory         value      Exchange            Special   Retained               controlling      Total
                                        capital   premium     reserve       reserve       reserve        reserve          reserve      profits      Total     interests     equity
                                      RMB’000     RMB’000    RMB’000      RMB’000        RMB’000       RMB’000           RMB’000     RMB’000     RMB’000     RMB’000      RMB’000

     At 1 January 2025                     230     70,316    272,109        86,852            933          6,376           17,439    214,719     668,974      126,218     795,192


     Changes in equity
       for the six months ended
       30 June 2025:

     Profit for the period                  —          —          —             —              —              —                —       29,333     29,333        6,999      36,332
     Other comprehensive income             —          —          —             —             (33)          (707)              —           —        (740)          —         (740)


     Total comprehensive income             —          —          —             —             (33)          (707)              —       29,333     28,593        6,999      35,592


     Acquisition of non-controlling
       interests                            —          —       3,165            —              —              —                —           —       3,165      (13,069)      (9,904)


     At 30 June 2025                       230     70,316    275,274        86,852            900          5,669           17,439    244,052     700,732      120,148     820,880




24                                                                                                      ZONQING Environmental Limited Interim Report 2026
                 Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity
                                                                                            For the six months ended 30 June 2026 — unaudited
                                                                                                                             (Expressed in RMB)


                                                           Attributable to equity shareholders of the Company
                                                                                     Fair                                                                 Non-
                                Share       Share     Other      Statutory         value      Exchange            Special   Retained                controlling      Total
                               capital   premium     reserve       reserve       reserve        reserve          reserve      profits      Total      interests     equity
                             RMB’000     RMB’000    RMB’000      RMB’000        RMB’000       RMB’000           RMB’000     RMB’000     RMB’000      RMB’000      RMB’000

At 30 June 2025                   230     70,316    275,274        86,852            900          5,669           17,439    244,052     700,732       120,148     820,880


Changes in equity
  for the six months ended
  31 December 2025:

Loss for the period                —          —          —             —              —              —                —       (7,378)     (7,378)       (1,740)     (9,118)
Other comprehensive income         —          —          —             —           2,070            292               —           —        2,362          (250)      2,112


Total comprehensive income         —          —          —             —           2,070            292               —       (7,378)     (5,016)       (1,990)     (7,006)


Appropriation to reserves          —          —          —         15,399             —              —                —      (15,399)         —             —           —


At 31 December 2025               230     70,316    275,274       102,251          2,970          5,961           17,439    221,275     695,716       118,158     813,874




Interim Report 2026 ZONQING Environmental Limited                                                                                                                             25
     Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity
     For the six months ended 30 June 2026 — unaudited
     (Expressed in RMB)


                                                             Attributable to equity shareholders of the Company
                                                                                       Fair                                                          Non-
                                    Share       Share      Other    Statutory        value    Exchange       Special       Retained            controlling      Total
                                   capital   premium     reserve      reserve      reserve      reserve      reserve         profits     Total   interests     equity
                                  RMB’000    RMB’000    RMB’000      RMB’000      RMB’000      RMB’000      RMB’000        RMB’000     RMB’000 RMB’000       RMB’000

     At 1 January 2026                230      70,316   275,274      102,251         2,970        5,961           17,439    221,275    695,716     118,158   813,874


     Changes in equity
       for the six months ended
       30 June 2026:

     Loss for the period                —          —          —            —            —             —               —     (15,364)    (15,364)     3,979    (11,385)
     Other comprehensive income         —          —          —            —           (51)       (1,500)             —          —       (1,551)        —      (1,551)


     Total comprehensive income         —          —          —            —           (51)       (1,500)             —     (15,364)    (16,915)     3,979    (12,936)


     At 30 June 2026                  230      70,316   275,274      102,251         2,919        4,461           17,439    205,911    678,801     122,137   800,938


     The notes on pages 28 to 51 form part of this interim financial report.




26                                                                                              ZONQING Environmental Limited Interim Report 2026
       Condensed Consolidated Cash Flow Statement
                                                                    For the six months ended 30 June 2026 — unaudited
                                                                                                     (Expressed in RMB)


                                                                                       Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                             2026             2025
                                                                           Note           RMB’000          RMB’000

Operating activities
Cash (used in)/generated from operations                                                     (2,596)            38,961

Income tax paid                                                                             (16,536)           (20,239)


Net cash (used in)/generated from operating activities                                      (19,132)            18,722


Cash flows from investing activities

Payments for purchase of non-current assets                                                  (9,950)             (8,571)
Payments for acquisition of non-controlling interests                                            —               (9,904)
Net proceeds from disposal of non-current assets                                                 —                   50
Payments for advances to third parties                                                       (3,559)           (65,110)
Payments for loans granted to a joint venture                                                (8,361)           (23,058)
Payments for loans granted to an associate                                                  (12,830)             (5,520)
Net proceeds from/(payments for) advances granted to
   related parties                                                                           80,500               (127)
Proceeds from repayment of advances granted to third parties                                     —              72,732
Interest received                                                                               736                911


Net cash generated from/(used in) investing activities                                       46,536            (38,597)


Cash flows from financing activities

Proceeds from bank and other loans                                                          408,813            982,610
Proceeds from advances from related parties                                                 262,957            443,841
Repayment of bank and other loans                                                          (468,525)          (977,791)
Repayment of advances from related parties                                                 (256,316)          (445,966)
Repayment of advances from third parties                                                         —              (13,000)
Capital element of lease rentals paid                                                        (1,209)              (2,034)
Interest element of lease rentals paid                                                         (157)                (110)
Decrease/(increase) in restricted deposits                                                    6,668               (6,900)
Decrease/(increase) in deposits paid to secure guarantees granted
   by third parties                                                                             549              (4,397)
Interest paid                                                                               (26,626)           (31,985)


Net cash used in financing activities                                                       (73,846)           (55,732)


Net decrease in cash and cash equivalents                                                   (46,442)           (75,607)

Cash and cash equivalents at 1 January                                      11              278,105           122,779

Effect of foreign exchange rate changes                                                          41                 (13)


Cash and cash equivalents at 30 June                                        11              231,704             47,159


The notes on pages 28 to 51 form part of this interim financial report.

Interim Report 2026 ZONQING Environmental Limited                                                                           27
     Notes to the Unaudited Interim Financial Report
     (Expressed in RMB unless otherwise indicated)



     1    CORPORATE INFORMATION
          ZONQING Environmental Limited (formerly known as ZONBONG Landscape Environmental Limited) (the
          “Company”) was incorporated in the Cayman Islands on 8 March 2019 with limited liability under the Companies
          Act (as revised) of the Cayman Islands. The shares of the Company were listed on The Stock Exchange of Hong
          Kong Limited (the “Stock Exchange”) on 6 January 2021. The Company and its subsidiaries (together, the
          “Group”) are principally engaged in construction and maintenance services for landscaping, ecological restoration
          and public work projects, provision of environmental hygiene services and other related projects. The Group is
          ultimately controlled by Mr. Sun Juqing (“Mr. Sun”) and Ms. Zhao Hongyu (the “Controlling Parties”).


     2    BASIS OF PREPARATION
          This interim financial report has been prepared in accordance with the applicable disclosure provisions of the Rules
          Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited, including compliance with
          International Accounting Standard (“IAS”) 34, Interim financial reporting, issued by the International Accounting
          Standards Board (the “IASB”). It was authorised for issue on 21 August 2026.

          The interim financial report has been prepared in accordance with the same accounting policies adopted in the 2025
          annual financial statements, except for the accounting policy changes that are expected to be reflected in the 2026
          annual financial statements. Details of any changes in accounting policies are set out in Note 3.

          The preparation of an interim financial report in conformity with IAS 34 requires management to make judgements,
          estimates and assumptions that affect the application of policies and reported amounts of assets and liabilities,
          income and expenses on a year to date basis. Actual results may differ from these estimates.

          This interim financial report contains condensed consolidated financial statements and selected explanatory notes.
          The notes include an explanation of events and transactions that are significant to an understanding of the changes
          in financial position and performance of the Group since the 2025 annual financial statements. The condensed
          consolidated interim financial statements and notes thereon do not include all of the information required for full set
          of financial statements prepared in accordance with IFRS Accounting Standards.

          The financial information relating to the financial year ended 31 December 2025 that is included in the interim
          financial report as comparative information does not constitute the Company’s statutory annual consolidated
          financial statements for that financial year but is derived from those financial statements. Statutory financial
          statements for the year ended 31 December 2025 are available from the Company’s registered office. The auditors
          have expressed an unqualified opinion on those financial statements in their report dated 31 March 2026.


     3    CHANGES IN ACCOUNTING POLICIES
          The IASB has issued a number of amendments to IFRS Accounting Standards that are first effective for the current
          accounting period. The Group has applied these amendments to this interim financial report for the current
          accounting period. These amendments do not have a material impact on this interim report.

          The Group has not applied any new or revised standard that is not yet effective for the current accounting period.




28                                                                          ZONQING Environmental Limited Interim Report 2026
    Notes to the Unaudited Interim Financial Report
                                                                             (Expressed in RMB unless otherwise indicated)



4    REVENUE AND SEGMENT REPORTING
     The Group manages its businesses by divisions, which are organised by business lines (products and services). In a
     manner consistent with the way in which information is reported internally to the Group’s most senior executive
     management for the purposes of resource allocation and performance assessment, the Group has presented the
     following four reportable segments. No operating segments have been aggregated to form the following reportable
     segments.

     –     City renewal services: this segment includes construction engineering services in various fields such as
           landscaping and municipal projects;

     –     City operation and maintenance services: this segment includes: (1) provision of maintenance services
           to landscaping, ecological restoration and municipal projects and public infrastructures; (2) provision of
           environmental hygiene services including cleaning and hygiene services to public infrastructures;

     –     Town planning design services: this segment includes investigation, survey, design and consultancy for
           construction projects; and

     –     Cultural tourism: this segment includes tickets fees, transportation fees and other services for scenic spots.


     (a) Disaggregation of revenue

           Disaggregation of revenue from contracts with customers within the scope of IFRS 15 by major products or
           service lines is as follows:

                                                                                          Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                                2026             2025
                                                                                             RMB’000          RMB’000

           Disaggregated by major products or service lines
             – Revenue from city renewal services                                              335,139             580,505
             – Revenue from city operation and maintenance services                            138,497             121,635
             – Revenue from town planning design services                                       34,085              42,841
             – Revenue from cultural tourism                                                    12,530              16,951


                                                                                               520,251             761,932


           Disaggregation of revenue from contracts with customers by the timing of revenue recognition is disclosed in
           Note 4(b)(i).




Interim Report 2026 ZONQING Environmental Limited                                                                            29
     Notes to the Unaudited Interim Financial Report
     (Expressed in RMB unless otherwise indicated)



     4    REVENUE AND SEGMENT REPORTING (CONTINUED)

          (b) Segment reporting

                (i)   Segment results

                      For the purposes of assessing segment performance and allocating resources between segments, the
                      Group’s senior executive management monitors the results attributable to each reportable segment on
                      the following basis:

                      Revenue and expenses are allocated to the reportable segments with reference to revenue generated by
                      those segments and the expenses incurred by those segments. The measure used for reporting segment
                      result is gross profit.

                      The Group’s other operating income and expenses, such as other net income, selling expenses,
                      administrative expenses and impairment losses on trade and other receivables and contract assets are
                      not measured under individual segments. The Group’s most senior executive management monitor the
                      Group’s assets and liabilities as a whole, accordingly, no segment assets and liabilities is presented.

                      Disaggregation of revenue from contracts with customers by the timing of revenue recognition, as
                      well as information regarding the Group’s reportable segments as provided to the Group’s most senior
                      executive management for the purposes of resource allocation and assessment of segment performance
                      for the six months ended 30 June 2026 and 2025 is set out below.

                                                                                  Six months ended 30 June 2026
                                                                                    City          Town
                                                                          operation and        planning
                                                            City renewal maintenance             design        Cultural
                                                                 services       services        services       tourism      Total
                                                                RMB’000        RMB’000         RMB’000        RMB’000     RMB’000

                      Disaggregated by timing of revenue
                         recognition
                      Point in time                                  —               —            1,270         12,530     13,800
                      Over time                                 335,139         138,497          32,815             —     506,451


                      Revenue from external customers and
                        reportable segment revenue              335,139         138,497          34,085         12,530    520,251


                      Reportable segment gross profit            47,133          28,015           4,356             40     79,544




30                                                                              ZONQING Environmental Limited Interim Report 2026
    Notes to the Unaudited Interim Financial Report
                                                                                   (Expressed in RMB unless otherwise indicated)



4    REVENUE AND SEGMENT REPORTING (CONTINUED)

     (b) Segment reporting (Continued)

           (i)    Segment results (Continued)

                                                                                 Six months ended 30 June 2025
                                                                                  City            Town
                                                                        operation and          planning
                                                        City renewal     maintenance             design         Cultural
                                                             services         services          services        tourism        Total
                                                           RMB’000          RMB’000           RMB’000          RMB’000      RMB’000

                  Disaggregated by timing of revenue
                    recognition
                  Point in time                                  —                —             2,806            16,951      19,757
                  Over time                                 580,505          121,635           40,035                —      742,175


                  Revenue from external customers and
                    reportable segment revenue              580,505          121,635           42,841            16,951     761,932


                  Reportable segment gross profit           117,940           21,476             6,217             5,362    150,995


           (ii)   Reconciliation of reportable segment revenue and profit or loss

                                                                                                  Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                                        2026             2025
                                                                                                     RMB’000          RMB’000

                  Revenue

                  Reportable segment revenue and consolidated revenue
                    (Note 4(b)(i))                                                                       520,251           761,932


                  Profit

                  Total reportable segment gross profit                                                   79,544           150,995
                  Other net income                                                                         1,893              3,751
                  Selling expenses                                                                       (13,554)           (14,651)
                  Administrative expenses                                                                (29,791)           (37,433)
                  Impairment losses on trade and other receivables and
                     contract assets                                                                     (18,896)          (28,773)
                  Finance costs                                                                          (23,100)          (31,688)
                  Share of losses of associates                                                           (1,284)            (1,817)
                  Share of (losses)/profits of a joint venture                                            (4,702)                99


                  Consolidated (loss)/profit before taxation                                              (9,890)           40,483



Interim Report 2026 ZONQING Environmental Limited                                                                                      31
     Notes to the Unaudited Interim Financial Report
     (Expressed in RMB unless otherwise indicated)



     4    REVENUE AND SEGMENT REPORTING (CONTINUED)

          (b) Segment reporting (Continued)

                (iii) Geographic information

                      The Group’s revenue is generated from the city renewal services, city operation and maintenance
                      services, town planning design services and cultural tourism in the People’s Republic of China (“PRC”).
                      The Group does not have material assets or operations outside the PRC, therefore, no segment analysis
                      based on geographical locations of the customers and assets is presented.


     5    PROFIT BEFORE TAXATION
          Profit before taxation is arrived at after charging:


          (a) Finance costs

                                                                                            Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                                  2026             2025
                                                                                               RMB’000          RMB’000

                Interest on bank and other loans and loans from related parties                   22,943             31,578
                Interest on lease liabilities                                                        157                110


                                                                                                  23,100             31,688


          (b) Other items

                                                                                            Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                                  2026             2025
                                                                                               RMB’000          RMB’000

                Depreciation of property, plant and equipment                                      4,070               4,429
                Depreciation of right-of-use assets                                                2,498               2,308
                Amortisation of intangible assets                                                  1,688                 901
                Leases charges relating to short-term leases and leases of low-value
                  assets                                                                          9,502               7,021
                Research and development costs                                                   36,071              52,264
                Cost of inventories                                                             127,199             176,987




32                                                                         ZONQING Environmental Limited Interim Report 2026
    Notes to the Unaudited Interim Financial Report
                                                                            (Expressed in RMB unless otherwise indicated)



6    INCOME TAX
                                                                                         Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                               2026             2025
                                                                                            RMB’000          RMB’000

     Current tax

     Provision for the period                                                                   1,884               9,575

     Deferred tax (Note 15(a))

     Origination and reversal of temporary differences                                           (389)              (5,424)


                                                                                                1,495               4,151


     The Company and subsidiaries of the Group incorporated in Hong Kong are subject to Hong Kong Profits Tax rate
     of 16.5% for the six months ended 30 June 2026 (six months ended 30 June 2025: 16.5%). No provision for Hong
     Kong Profits Tax has been made as these subsidiaries did not have assessable profits subject to Hong Kong Profits
     Tax for the six months ended 30 June 2026 (six months ended 30 June 2025: RMB Nil).

     Pursuant to the rules and regulations of the Cayman Islands and the British Virgin Islands, the Company and the
     subsidiaries of the Group incorporated in the Cayman Islands and the British Virgin Islands, are not subject to any
     income tax.

     The subsidiaries of the Group established in the PRC (excluding Hong Kong) are subject to PRC Corporate Income
     Tax rate at 25% for the six months ended 30 June 2026 (six months ended 30 June 2025: 25%).

     Four subsidiaries of the Group established in the PRC have obtained approval from the tax bureau to be taxed as
     enterprises with advanced and new technologies, and therefore enjoy a preferential PRC Corporate Income Tax
     rate of 15% for the six months ended 30 June 2026 (six months ended 30 June 2025: PRC Corporate Income Tax
     rate of 15%). In addition to the preferential PRC Corporate Income Tax rate, these subsidiaries entitle additional tax
     deductible allowance amounted to 100% of qualified research and development costs for the six months ended 30
     June 2026 (six months ended 30 June 2025: 100%).




Interim Report 2026 ZONQING Environmental Limited                                                                             33
     Notes to the Unaudited Interim Financial Report
     (Expressed in RMB unless otherwise indicated)



     7    (LOSS)/EARNINGS PER SHARE

          (a) Basic (loss)/earnings per share

                  The calculation of basic (loss)/earnings per share is based on the loss attributable to equity shareholders of the
                  Company of RMB15,364,000 (six months ended 30 June 2025: profit of RMB29,333,000), and 825,000,000
                  ordinary shares in issue during the interim period (six months ended 30 June 2025: 825,000,000 ordinary
                  shares).


          (b) Diluted (loss)/earnings per share

                  There were no dilutive potential shares outstanding during the six months ended 30 June 2026 and 2025.
                  Hence, the diluted (loss)/earnings per share is the same as basic (loss)/earnings per share.


     8    INVENTORIES AND OTHER CONTRACT COSTS
                                                                                                          At 30 June        At 31 December
                                                                                                                2026                  2025
                                                                                                           RMB’000                 RMB’000

          Inventories – construction materials                                                                 28,689                 24,416
          Other contract costs (Note)                                                                         174,313                156,839


                                                                                                              203,002                181,255


          Note:

          Capitalised contract costs relate to costs incurred to fulfil a contract if the costs relate directly to an existing contract or to a
          specifically identifiable anticipated contract, and are expected to be recovered. Contract costs are recognised as part of “cost of
          sales” in the consolidated statement of profit or loss in the period in which revenue from the related sales is recognised.

          As at 30 June 2026, included in the capitalised contract costs is of RMB174,313,000 (31 December 2025: RMB156,839,000),
          related to the construction costs incurred for the project of Tianpuqiao South Basin (天普橋以南流域工程), a landscape
          construction project located in Changchun, Jilin province. As at the date of the consolidated financial statements, the Group has
          not yet entered into contract with the counterparty for this project. Based on legal advice and assessment from the directors of the
          Company, the directors of the Company believe that they are in agreement with the counterparty that the costs incurred to fulfil
          the contract can be compensated and are expected to be recovered.




34                                                                                  ZONQING Environmental Limited Interim Report 2026
    Notes to the Unaudited Interim Financial Report
                                                                           (Expressed in RMB unless otherwise indicated)



9    CONTRACT ASSETS AND CONTRACT LIABILITIES

     (a) Contract assets

                                                                                         At 30 June    At 31 December
                                                                                               2026              2025
                                                                                          RMB’000             RMB’000

           Contract assets

             – due from ZIHG and its subsidiaries, joint ventures and associates
                 (Note 20(c))                                                                44,904             46,078
             – due from a joint venture (Note 20(c))                                         42,402             42,402
             – due from an associate (Note 20(c))                                            46,500             44,304
             – due from a company managed by a key management personnel
                 of ZIHG (Note 20(c))                                                            44                 44
             – due from third parties                                                     1,151,759          1,225,795


                                                                                          1,285,609          1,358,623

           Less: loss allowance                                                            (162,631)           (155,880)


                                                                                          1,122,978          1,202,743


           Trade receivables from contracts with customers within the
             scope of IFRS 15, which are included in “Trade receivables”
             (Note 10)                                                                    1,594,859          1,633,159


           The Group’s construction, maintenance and design contracts include payment schedules which require stage
           payments over the design, maintenance and construction period once milestones are reached. These payment
           schedules prevent the build-up of significant contract assets. The contract assets that could be billed and
           settled within one year according to terms of the contracts with customers are classified as current assets.
           Otherwise, the contract assets are classified as non-current assets.

           Notwithstanding the terms of the contracts with customers, the directors consider that all of the amounts
           are expected to be billed within one year as of the end of the Reporting Period, except for the amounts of
           RMB541,078,000 (31 December 2025: RMB571,808,000), which are expected to be billed after more than
           one year.




Interim Report 2026 ZONQING Environmental Limited                                                                          35
     Notes to the Unaudited Interim Financial Report
     (Expressed in RMB unless otherwise indicated)



     9    CONTRACT ASSETS AND CONTRACT LIABILITIES (CONTINUED)

          (b) Contract liabilities

                                                                                             At 30 June     At 31 December
                                                                                                   2026               2025
                                                                                              RMB’000              RMB’000

                Contract liabilities

                  – due to ZIHG and its subsidiaries, joint ventures and associates
                      (Note 20(c))                                                                 3,397              5,139
                  – due to a joint venture (Note 20(c))                                           13,838             13,838
                  – due to a company managed by a key management personnel
                      of ZIHG (Note 20(c))                                                         1,863              1,863
                  – due to third parties                                                       1,181,247          1,075,817


                                                                                               1,200,345          1,096,657


                When the Group receives a deposit before the production activity commences this will give rise to contract
                liabilities at the start of a contract, until the revenue recognised on the project exceeds the amount of the
                deposit.

                All of the contract liabilities are expected to be recognised as revenue within three years, according to the
                contract terms and working progress estimation.




36                                                                         ZONQING Environmental Limited Interim Report 2026
   Notes to the Unaudited Interim Financial Report
                                                                              (Expressed in RMB unless otherwise indicated)



10 TRADE AND BILLS RECEIVABLES
                                                                                            At 30 June    At 31 December
                                                                                                  2026              2025
                                                                                             RMB’000             RMB’000

     Trade receivables
        – due from ZIHG and its subsidiaries, joint ventures and associates
            (Note 20(c))                                                                       109,255             101,183
        – due from a joint venture (Note 20(c))                                                 23,166              23,166
        – due from an associate (Note 20(c))                                                    31,101              35,901
        – due from a company managed by a key management personnel
            of ZIHG (Note 20(c))                                                                 7,247                    8
        – due from third parties                                                             1,886,748            1,913,329


                                                                                             2,057,517            2,073,587

     Bills receivable                                                                              109              14,209


                                                                                             2,057,626            2,087,796

     Less: loss allowance                                                                     (444,076)            (435,946)


                                                                                             1,613,550            1,651,850


     Reconciliation to the consolidated statement of financial position:

     Non-current                                                                                   556                  556
     Current                                                                                 1,612,994            1,651,294


                                                                                             1,613,550            1,651,850


     All of the current trade receivables, net of loss allowance, are expected to be recovered within one year.




Interim Report 2026 ZONQING Environmental Limited                                                                              37
     Notes to the Unaudited Interim Financial Report
     (Expressed in RMB unless otherwise indicated)



     10 TRADE AND BILLS RECEIVABLES (CONTINUED)

          Ageing analysis

          As of the end of the Reporting Period, the ageing analysis of trade and bills receivables, based on the invoice date
          and net of loss allowance, is as follows:

                                                                                              At 30 June     At 31 December
                                                                                                    2026               2025
                                                                                               RMB’000              RMB’000

          Within 1 year                                                                          703,339             588,885
          1 to 2 years                                                                           229,046             303,617
          2 to 3 years                                                                           299,964             463,499
          3 to 4 years                                                                           301,584             153,851
          4 to 5 years                                                                            76,937             139,076
          Over 5 years                                                                             2,680               2,922


                                                                                               1,613,550            1,651,850


          The Group generally requires customers to settle progress billings in accordance with contracted terms.


     11 CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS

                                                                                              At 30 June     At 31 December
                                                                                                    2026               2025
                                                                                               RMB’000              RMB’000

          Cash at bank and on hand                                                               238,044             291,113
          Less: restricted bank deposits                                                          (6,340)             (13,008)


          Cash and cash equivalents in the consolidated statement of
            financial position and condensed consolidated cash flow statement                    231,704             278,105


          The Group’s business operations in the PRC are conducted in RMB. RMB is not a freely convertible currency and the
          remittance of funds out of the PRC is subject to the exchange restrictions imposed by the PRC government.

          Restricted bank deposits mainly represent deposits placed to secure the issuance of bills and bank loans by the
          Group. The restriction on deposits would release after the payment of bills or repayment of loans.




38                                                                        ZONQING Environmental Limited Interim Report 2026
   Notes to the Unaudited Interim Financial Report
                                                                           (Expressed in RMB unless otherwise indicated)



12 TRADE AND BILLS PAYABLES

                                                                                          At 30 June     At 31 December
                                                                                                2026               2025
                                                                                           RMB’000              RMB’000

     Trade payables
        – due to ZIHG and its subsidiaries, joint ventures and associates
             (Note 20(c))                                                                     21,456               48,892
        – due to companies managed by key management personnel of ZIHG
             (Note 20(c))                                                                     29,776              29,032
        – due to third parties                                                             1,030,913           1,300,297
     Bills payables                                                                           38,267               5,000


                                                                                           1,120,412           1,383,221


     As of the end of the Reporting Period, the ageing analysis of trade and bills payables, based on the invoice date, is
     as follows:

                                                                                          At 30 June     At 31 December
                                                                                                2026               2025
                                                                                           RMB’000              RMB’000

     Within 1 year                                                                           206,918              484,210
     1 to 3 years                                                                            616,721              784,966
     Over 3 years                                                                            296,773              114,045


                                                                                           1,120,412           1,383,221


     All of the trade and bills payables are expected to be settled within one year or are repayable on demand.




Interim Report 2026 ZONQING Environmental Limited                                                                            39
     Notes to the Unaudited Interim Financial Report
     (Expressed in RMB unless otherwise indicated)



     13 ACCRUED EXPENSES AND OTHER PAYABLES

                                                                                                       At 30 June    At 31 December
                                                                                                             2026              2025
                                                                                                        RMB’000             RMB’000

          Amounts due to ZIHG and its subsidiaries, joint ventures and associates
             (Note 20(c))                                                                                   30,399            23,625
          Amount due to companies managed by key management personnel
             of ZIHG (Note 20(c))                                                                            1,217             1,193
          Amounts due to third parties (Note (i))                                                           28,473            28,473
          Payables for staff related costs                                                                  45,701            58,053
          Dividends payable                                                                                 15,005            15,592
          Interest payable                                                                                     938             4,621
          Payables for purchase of property, plant and equipment                                             6,081             6,211
          Others                                                                                            34,436            27,435


          Financial liabilities measured at amortised cost                                                 162,250           165,203
          Financial guarantees issued (Note 19)                                                             17,901            19,786
          Payables for miscellaneous taxes                                                                  71,940            78,890


                                                                                                           252,091           263,879


          Notes:

          (i)      The amounts are unsecured, non-interest bearing and have no fixed terms of repayment.

          (ii)     All of the other accrued expenses and other payables are expected to be settled within one year or are repayable on
                   demand.




40                                                                                ZONQING Environmental Limited Interim Report 2026
   Notes to the Unaudited Interim Financial Report
                                                                          (Expressed in RMB unless otherwise indicated)



14 BANK AND OTHER LOANS

     (a) The Group’s bank and other loans comprise:

                                                                                        At 30 June      At 31 December
                                                                                              2026                2025
                                                                                         RMB’000               RMB’000

           Bank loans:
           Guaranteed by related parties                                                    30,000             30,000
           Guaranteed by third parties (Note 14(d))                                          9,341              9,332
           Guaranteed by related parties and third parties (Note 14(d))                     39,539            108,232
           Guaranteed by related parties and third parties and secured by trade
             receivables and contract assets of the Group (Notes 14(c) and 14(d))          583,833            514,850
           Secured by trade and bills receivables of the Group (Note 14(c))                 12,973             12,972
           Unguaranteed and unsecured                                                       80,900             77,509


                                                                                           756,586            752,895
           Other loans:
           Unguaranteed and unsecured loans from third parties                               5,050               5,050
           Unguaranteed and unsecured loans from ZONBONG International
             Investment Limited (“Zonbong International”) (Note 20(c))                       1,734               1,837


                                                                                           763,370            759,782


     (b) The Group’s bank and other loans are repayable as follows:

           As of the end of the Reporting Period, the bank and other loans were repayable as follows:

                                                                                        At 30 June      At 31 December
                                                                                              2026                2025
                                                                                         RMB’000               RMB’000

           Within 1 year or on demand                                                      763,370            759,782




Interim Report 2026 ZONQING Environmental Limited                                                                         41
     Notes to the Unaudited Interim Financial Report
     (Expressed in RMB unless otherwise indicated)



     14 BANK AND OTHER LOANS (CONTINUED)

          (c) Certain of the Group’s bank loans are secured by the following assets of the
              Group:

                                                                                            At 30 June    At 31 December
                                                                                                  2026              2025
                                                                                             RMB’000             RMB’000

                Trade receivables and contract assets                                           36,877              41,403


          (d) Certain of the Group’s bank loans are guaranteed by third parties, where related
              parties provide counter-guarantee and/or secured by assets of the Group to these
              third parties:

                                                                                            At 30 June    At 31 December
                                                                                                  2026              2025
                                                                                             RMB’000             RMB’000

                Counter-guarantee by related parties                                           204,000            347,000
                Trade and bills receivables and contract assets                                231,978            262,746
                Guarantee deposits                                                              14,548             13,999


          (e) All of the Group’s banking facilities were utilised as of 30 June 2026 and 31 December 2025.

          (f)   Certain of the Group’s bank loans are subject to the fulfilment of covenants commonly found in lending
                arrangements with financial institutions. If the Group were to breach the covenants, the loans would become
                repayable on demand. The Group regularly monitors its compliance with these covenants.




42                                                                       ZONQING Environmental Limited Interim Report 2026
   Notes to the Unaudited Interim Financial Report
                                                                                                                                  (Expressed in RMB unless otherwise indicated)



15 DEFERRED TAX ASSETS AND LIABILITIES

     (a) Deferred tax assets and liabilities recognised

           The components of deferred tax assets/(liabilities) recognised in the consolidated statement of financial
           position and the movements during the year/period are as follows:

                                                                          Fair value                     Credit loss                      Depreciation          Fair value
                                                                    adjustments in                       allowance                          allowances     adjustments in
                                                                   connection with     Equity method    on financial                       in excess of   connection with                    Withholding tax
                                           Accrued   Credit loss    the acquisition       investment    guarantees                          the related      other equity Unrealised gains   on distributable
           Deferred tax arising from:     payables   allowance       of subsidiaries          income          issued Unused tax losses    depreciation       investments       and losses              profits        Total
                                          RMB’000      RMB’000             RMB’000           RMB’000       RMB’000           RMB’000           RMB’000           RMB’000          RMB’000            RMB’000        RMB’000

           At 1 January 2025                12,053       90,225                 (80)          (5,341)        1,639               6,817            (786)             534                23              (1,800)      103,284

           Credited/(charged) to profit
              or loss                        1,268       (8,448)                 80            5,341           (934)            (4,796)         (2,154)               —                 2                  —          (9,641)
           Charged to reserve                   —            —                   —                —              —                  —               —               (314)               —                  —            (314)


           At 31 December 2025 and
              1 January 2026                13,321       81,777                  —                —            705               2,021          (2,940)             220                25              (1,800)       93,329

           (Charged)/credited to profit
              or loss                           —          (112)                 —                —              —                (160)            523                —               138                  —            389
           Credited to reserve                  —            —                   —                —              —                  —               —                 9                —                   —              9


           At 30 June 2026                  13,321       81,665                  —                —            705               1,861          (2,417)             229               163              (1,800)       93,727



     (b) Reconciliation of deferred tax assets and liabilities recognised in the consolidated
         statement of financial position:

                                                                                                                                                             At 30 June                      At 31 December
                                                                                                                                                                   2026                                2025
                                                                                                                                                              RMB’000                               RMB’000

           Net deferred tax assets                                                                                                                                     97,944                                    98,069
           Net deferred tax liabilities                                                                                                                                (4,217)                                    (4,740)


                                                                                                                                                                       93,727                                    93,329




Interim Report 2026 ZONQING Environmental Limited                                                                                                                                                                               43
     Notes to the Unaudited Interim Financial Report
     (Expressed in RMB unless otherwise indicated)



     16 CAPITAL, RESERVES AND DIVIDENDS

          (a) Share capital

                                                                                               At 30 June 2026
                                                                                           and 31 December 2025
                                                                                      Number of shares         HKD’000

                Authorised:
                Ordinary shares of HKD0.0003 each                                      30,000,000,000              10,000


                Issued and fully paid ordinary shares:
                At 31 December 2025 and at 30 June 2026                                   825,000,000                 230


          (b) Dividends

                (i)    Dividends payable to equity shareholders of the Company attributable to the interim
                       period

                       The directors of the Company do not recommend the payment of a dividend for the six months ended
                       30 June 2026 (six months ended 30 June 2025: HKDNil).

                (ii)   Dividends payable to equity shareholders of the Company attributable to the
                       previous financial year, approved during the interim period

                       No final dividend in respect of the previous financial year has been approved during the six months
                       ended 30 June 2026. (six months ended 30 June 2025: HKDNil).




44                                                                       ZONQING Environmental Limited Interim Report 2026
   Notes to the Unaudited Interim Financial Report
                                                                            (Expressed in RMB unless otherwise indicated)



17 FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENT OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS

     (a) Fair value measurement

           (i)   Fair value hierarchy

                 The following table presents the fair value of the Group’s financial instruments measured at the end
                 of the Reporting Period on a recurring basis, categorised into the three-level fair value hierarchy as
                 defined in IFRS 13, Fair value measurement. The level into which a fair value measurement is classified
                 is determined with reference to the observability and significance of the inputs used in the valuation
                 technique as follows:

                 —      Level 1 valuations:    Fair value measured using only Level 1 inputs i.e. unadjusted quoted prices
                                               in active markets for identical assets or liabilities at the measurement date.

                 —      Level 2 valuations:    Fair value measured using Level 2 inputs i.e. observable inputs which fail to
                                               meet Level 1, and not using significant unobservable inputs. Unobservable
                                               inputs are inputs for which market data are not available.

                 —      Level 3 valuations:    Fair value measured using significant unobservable inputs.

                                                                                           Fair value measurements
                                                                                            categorised into Level 3
                                                                                           At 30 June At 31 December
                                                                                                  2026               2025
                                                                                              RMB’000           RMB’000

                 Recurring fair value measurements

                 Assets:
                 Other equity investments                                                       70,392               70,452


                 During the six months ended 30 June 2026 there were no transfers between Level 1 and Level 2, or
                 transfers into or out of Level 3 (2025: None). The Group’s policy is to recognise transfers between levels
                 of fair value hierarchy as at the end of the Reporting Period in which they occur.

                 Information about Level 3 fair value measurements

                                              Valuation techniques                     Significant unobservable inputs

                 Other equity investments     Market comparable companies              0.86x~1.35x (2025: 0.86x~1.35x)

                 The fair value of the non-listed shares is determined by using enterprise value per book value or value
                 per earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortisation of comparable companies. As at 30
                 June 2026 it is estimated that with all other variables held constant, a decrease/increase in enterprise
                 value per book value ratio by 1% would have decreased/increased the Group’s other comprehensive
                 income by RMB597,000 (2025: RMB598,000).




Interim Report 2026 ZONQING Environmental Limited                                                                               45
     Notes to the Unaudited Interim Financial Report
     (Expressed in RMB unless otherwise indicated)



     17 FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENT OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (CONTINUED)

          (a) Fair value measurement (Continued)

                (i)    Fair value hierarchy (Continued)

                       Information about Level 3 fair value measurements (Continued)

                       The movements in the other equity investments balance of these Level 3 fair value measurements are as
                       follows:

                                                                                            Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                                  2026             2025
                                                                                               RMB’000          RMB’000

                       Unlisted equity securities:

                       At 1 January                                                              70,452              68,351
                       Net unrealised losses recognised in other comprehensive
                         income during the period                                                    (60)               (39)


                       At 30 June                                                                70,392              68,312


                (ii)   Fair value of financial assets and liabilities carried at other than fair value

                       The carrying amounts of the Group’s financial instruments carried at cost or amortised cost were not
                       materially different from their fair values as at 30 June 2026 and 31 December 2025.


     18 COMMITMENTS

          Capital commitments outstanding at 30 June 2026 and 31 December 2025 not provided for in the interim financial
          report were as follows:

                                                                                             At 30 June     At 31 December
                                                                                                   2026               2025
                                                                                              RMB’000              RMB’000

          Authorised but not contracted for                                                       2,199               2,574




46                                                                        ZONQING Environmental Limited Interim Report 2026
   Notes to the Unaudited Interim Financial Report
                                                                          (Expressed in RMB unless otherwise indicated)



19 CONTINGENT LIABILITIES

     As at 30 June 2026, the Group has issued a guarantee in respect of a bank loan of Ulanhot Tianjiao Tianjun Tourism
     Development Limited (“Tianjun Tourism”), a joint venture of the Group. In May 2019, Tianjun Tourism signed a
     long-term bank loan contract with the principal amounting to RMB410,000,000, among which RMB310,000,000
     (including principal and interest) is to be guaranteed by the Group. As at 30 June 2026, the balance of the bank
     loan is RMB251,000,000 (31 December 2025: RMB253,000,000). The fair value of the financial guarantee provided
     by the Group was initially estimated as RMB28,015,000 and was recognised as “accrued expenses and other
     payables — financial guarantees issued”. While no consideration was received for the financial guarantee granted,
     the fair value of the guarantee granted was accounted for as contributions to the investment in a joint venture and
     recognised as part of the cost of investment in a joint venture during the year ended 31 December 2019. As at 30
     June 2026, the unamortised balance of financial guarantee issued by the Group included in “accrued expenses and
     other payables” amounted to RMB14,968,000 (31 December 2025: RMB15,087,000).

     As at 30 June 2026, the Group has issued a guarantee in respect of a bank loan of Changchun Xianbang Municipal
     and Landscape Limited (“Changchun Xianbang”), an associate of the Group. In November 2019, Changchun
     Xianbang signed a long-term bank loan contract with the principal amounting to RMB300,000,000, among which
     RMB330,000,000 (including principal and interest) is to be guaranteed by the Group. As at 30 June 2026, the
     balance of the bank loan is RMB62,000,000 (31 December 2025: RMB91,500,000). The fair value of the financial
     guarantee provided by the Group was initially estimated RMB12,685,000 and RMB2,692,000 was recognised as
     “accrued expenses and other payables — financial guarantees issued”. While no consideration was received for
     the financial guarantee granted, the fair value of the guarantee granted was accounted for as contributions to the
     investment in an associate and recognised as part of the cost of investment in an associate during the year ended
     31 December 2019 and 2020. As at 30 June 2026, the unamortised balance of financial guarantee issued by the
     Group included in “accrued expenses and other payables” amounted to RMB2,933,000 (31 December 2025:
     RMB4,699,000).

     The directors do not believe it is probable that Tianjun Tourism and Changchun Xianbang will default on the
     contract and fail to make payment when due, and the Group will make specified payments to reimburse the
     beneficiary of the guarantee for a loss the bank incurs.


20 MATERIAL RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS

     (a) Key management personnel remuneration

                                                                                       Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                             2026             2025
                                                                                          RMB’000          RMB’000

           Salaries and other emoluments                                                      5,771               5,854
           Contributions to defined contribution retirement schemes                             578                 591


                                                                                              6,349               6,445




Interim Report 2026 ZONQING Environmental Limited                                                                          47
     Notes to the Unaudited Interim Financial Report
     (Expressed in RMB unless otherwise indicated)



     20 MATERIAL RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (CONTINUED)

          (b) Other transactions with related parties

                (i)    Transactions with ZIHG and its subsidiaries, joint ventures and associates

                                                                                             Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                                   2026             2025
                                                                                                RMB’000          RMB’000

                       Rendering of construction, survey, design, technical
                          consultancy and other services                                            7,646             11,198
                       Receiving services                                                          15,402             51,317
                       Purchase of goods                                                            5,371              3,729
                       Interest income on loan granted to a related party                             342                 —
                       Lease charges relating to short-term leases and leases of
                          low-value assets                                                         1,273               1,255
                       Amounts received from related parties                                     344,072           1,037,220
                       Amounts paid to related parties                                           256,316             985,963


                (ii)   Transactions with a joint venture

                                                                                             Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                                   2026             2025
                                                                                                RMB’000          RMB’000

                       Loans granted to a related party                                             8,361             23,058


                (iii) Transactions with an associate

                                                                                             Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                                   2026             2025
                                                                                                RMB’000          RMB’000

                       Rendering of construction services                                           2,857             11,678
                       Loans granted to a related party                                            12,830              5,520


                (iv) Transactions with companies managed by key management personnel of ZIHG

                                                                                             Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                                   2026             2025
                                                                                                RMB’000          RMB’000

                       Rendering of other services                                                     —                 848
                       Services received                                                            1,508              3,129
                       Purchase of goods                                                              659                 —
                       Repayment of advances from related parties                                      —               4,099




48                                                                          ZONQING Environmental Limited Interim Report 2026
   Notes to the Unaudited Interim Financial Report
                                                                           (Expressed in RMB unless otherwise indicated)



20 MATERIAL RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (CONTINUED)

     (c) Balances with related parties as at the end of the Reporting Period

           (i)    Due from or due to ZIHG and its subsidiaries, joint ventures and associates

                                                                                         At 30 June    At 31 December
                                                                                               2026              2025
                                                                                          RMB’000             RMB’000

                  Trade in nature:
                     Contract assets (Note 9(a))                                             44,904             46,078
                     Trade and bills receivables (Note 10)                                  109,255            101,183
                     Trade and bills payables (Note 12)                                      21,456             48,892
                     Contract liabilities (Note 9(b))                                         3,397              5,139
                     Accrued expenses and other payables (Note 13)                            8,708              8,575

                  Non-trade in nature:
                    Prepayments, deposits and other receivables                               8,009             89,124
                    Accrued expenses and other payables (Note 13)
                      – Advances from related parties                                        21,691             15,050
                      – Dividend payable to a related party                                  13,640             14,184
                    Guarantees provided by related parties for the bank loans at
                      the end of the Reporting Period                                       653,372            653,082


           (ii)   Due from or due to a joint venture

                                                                                         At 30 June    At 31 December
                                                                                               2026              2025
                                                                                          RMB’000             RMB’000

                  Trade in nature:
                     Contract assets (Note 9(a))                                             42,402             42,402
                     Trade and bills receivables (Note 10)                                   23,166             23,166
                     Contract liabilities (Note 9(b))                                        13,838             13,838

                  Non-trade in nature:
                    Prepayments, deposits and other receivables                             125,030            116,669
                    Guarantee provided by the Group for the joint venture’s
                      bank loan outstanding at the end of the Reporting Period
                      (Note 19)                                                             251,000            253,000




Interim Report 2026 ZONQING Environmental Limited                                                                          49
     Notes to the Unaudited Interim Financial Report
     (Expressed in RMB unless otherwise indicated)



     20 MATERIAL RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (CONTINUED)

          (c) Balances with related parties as at the end of the Reporting Period (Continued)

                (iii) Due from or due to an associate

                                                                                              At 30 June     At 31 December
                                                                                                    2026               2025
                                                                                               RMB’000              RMB’000

                      Trade in nature:
                         Contract assets (Note 9(a))                                              46,500              44,304
                         Trade and bills receivables (Note 10)                                    31,101              35,901

                      Non-trade in nature:
                        Prepayments, deposits and other receivables                               97,789              84,959
                        Guarantee provided by the Group for the associate’s bank loan
                          outstanding at the end of the Reporting Period (Note 19)                62,000              91,500


                (iv) Due from or due to companies managed by key management personnel of ZIHG

                                                                                              At 30 June     At 31 December
                                                                                                    2026               2025
                                                                                               RMB’000              RMB’000

                      Trade in nature:
                         Contract assets (Note 9(a))                                                  44                  44
                         Trade and bills receivables (Note 10)                                     7,247                   8
                         Contract liabilities (Note 9(b))                                          1,863               1,863
                         Trade and bills payables (Note 12)                                       29,776              29,032
                         Accrued expenses and other payables (Note 13)                             1,217               1,193


                (v)   Due to Zonbong International

                                                                                              At 30 June     At 31 December
                                                                                                    2026               2025
                                                                                               RMB’000              RMB’000

                      Non-trade in nature:
                        Bank and other loans (Note 14(a))                                           1,734               1,837
                        Accrued expenses and other payables
                          – Dividend payable                                                        1,058               1,100


                      All of the advances granted to related parties and advances received from related parties are unsecured,
                      non-interest bearing and have no fixed terms of repayment. All of the loans from related parties and
                      loans to related parties are unsecured and have fixed terms of repayment.




50                                                                        ZONQING Environmental Limited Interim Report 2026
   Notes to the Unaudited Interim Financial Report
                                                                            (Expressed in RMB unless otherwise indicated)



21 POSSIBLE IMPACT OF AMENDMENTS, NEW STANDARDS, AND
   INTERPRETATIONS ISSUED BUT NOT YET EFFECTIVE FOR THE SIX MONTHS
   ENDED 30 JUNE 2026

     A number of amendments and new standards are not yet mandatory for annual periods beginning 1 January
     2026. Earlier application is permitted; however, the Group has not early adopted any new or amended standards in
     preparing this interim financial report.

     The following updates the information provided in the last annual financial statements about the possible impacts of
     IFRS 18 which may have a significant impact on the Group’s consolidated financial statements when adopted.


     IFRS 18, Presentation and disclosure in financial statements

     IFRS 18 will replace IAS 1, Presentation of financial statements, and is first effective for annual Reporting Periods
     beginning on or after 1 January 2027.

     IFRS 18 introduces new requirements for presentation and disclosure in financial statements, including new
     categories and defined subtotals in the statement of profit or loss, enhanced requirements for aggregation and
     disaggregation of information, and specific disclosures about management-defined performance measures. The
     Group is assessing the expected impact that the initial application of IFRS 18 will have on its consolidated financial
     statements.

     The Group expects that the adoption of IFRS 18 will not change the Group’s net assets or net profit. However,
     it is expected to affect the presentation of the Group’s consolidated statement of profit or loss and related note
     disclosures.

     The actual impact of applying IFRS 18 may change as the Group continues to assess the new requirements
     and finalises any changes to its reporting processes, controls and accounting policies before the date of initial
     application.




Interim Report 2026 ZONQING Environmental Limited                                                                             51
     Definitions and Glossary of Technical Terms

     “1H2025”                                  the six months ended 30 June 2025


     “1H2026” or "Reporting Period"            the six months ended 30 June 2026


     “Articles of Association” or “Articles”   the second amended and restated memorandum and articles of association
                                               of the Company adopted on 17 November 2022 and effective on 18
                                               November 2022


     “Audit Committee”                         the audit committee of the Board


     “Board” or “Board of Directors”           the board of directors of the Company


     “CG Code”                                 the Corporate Governance Code as set out in Appendix 14 to the Listing
                                               Rules


     “Chief Executive Officer”                 the chief executive office of the Company


     “China”, “Mainland China” or “the PRC”    the People’s Republic of China, excluding, for the purpose of this Interim
                                               Report, Hong Kong, Macau Special Administration Region and Taiwan


     “Company”, “the Company” or “We”          ZONQING Environmental Limited (中庆環境股份有限公司) (formerly known
                                               as ZONBONG LANDSCAPE Environmental Limited (中邦园林環境股份有
                                               限公司)), an exempted company incorporated in the Cayman Islands with
                                               limited liability on 8 March 2019


     “Controlling Shareholder(s)”              has the meaning ascribed to it under the Listing Rules and, in the context
                                               of this Report, means the controlling shareholders of the Company, being
                                               Zonqing International, Ms. Zhao Hongyu, Mr. Sun Juqing, Ms. Li Ping,
                                               Mr. Hou Baoshan, Mr. Liu Haitao, Mr. Shao Zhanguang, Mr. Sun Juzhi,
                                               Mr. Shan Dejiang, Mr. Li Peng, Mr. Liu Changli, Mr. Wei Xiaoguang and
                                               Mr. Weng Hongzhao


     “Director(s)”                             the director(s) of the Company


     “Executive Director(s)”                   the executive director(s) of the Company


     “Group” or “the Group”                    the Company and its subsidiaries




52                                                                     ZONQING Environmental Limited Interim Report 2026
                  Definitions and Glossary of Technical Terms

“HK$” or “HKD”                             Hong Kong dollars, the lawful currency of Hong Kong


“Hong Kong”                                the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the PRC


“Independent Non-executive Director(s)”    the independent non-executive director(s) of the Company


“Listing”                                  the listing of the Shares on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange on 6
                                           January 2021


“Listing Date”                             6 January 2021, being the date on which the Shares were listed on the
                                           Main Board


“Listing Rules”                            the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on the Stock Exchange, as
                                           amended or supplemented from time to time


“Main Board”                               the Main Board of the Stock Exchange


“Model Code”                               the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers
                                           contained in Appendix C3 to the Listing Rules


“Nomination Committee”                     the nomination committee of the Board


“Non-executive Director(s)”                the non-executive director(s) of the Company


“Prospectus”                               the prospectus issued by the Company dated 22 December 2020


“Remuneration Committee”                   the remuneration committee of the Board


“Renminbi” or “RMB”                        Renminbi Yuan, the lawful currency of China


“Shareholder(s)”                           holder(s) of Shares


“Share(s)”                                 As of the date of this Report, ordinary shares with a nominal value of
                                           HKD0.0003 each in the capital of the Company (formerly prior to the share
                                           subdivision, ordinary shares with a nominal value of HKD0.001 each in the
                                           capital of the Company)


“Stock Exchange”                           The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited


“U.S. dollar(s)”, “USD” or “US$”           United States dollars, the lawful currency of the United States of America




Interim Report 2026 ZONQING Environmental Limited                                                                       53
     Definitions and Glossary of Technical Terms

     “Ultimate Controlling Shareholder(s)”        refers to Ms. Zhao Hongyu, Mr. Sun Juqing, Ms. Li Ping, Mr. Hou Baoshan,
                                                  Mr. Liu Haitao, Mr. Shao Zhanguang, Mr. Sun Juzhi, Mr. Shan Dejiang, Mr. Li
                                                  Peng, Mr. Liu Changli, Mr. Wei Xiaoguang and Mr. Weng Hongzhao


     “ZIHG”                                       Zhongqing Investment Holding Group Limited Liability Company* (中慶
                                                  投資控股(集團)有限責任公司), formerly known as Changchun Mingju
                                                  Commerce Limited* (長春市銘聚商貿有限責任公司), a company
                                                  established under the laws of the PRC on 16 May 2014, the indirect
                                                  non-wholly owned subsidiary of the Group, and a connected person of the
                                                  Company


     “ZIHG Group”                                 ZIHG together with its subsidiaries and associates as defined under the
                                                  Listing Rules

     In this Report, capitalised terms used shall have the same meanings as those defined in the Prospectus, unless the context
     otherwise requires.

     *    For identification purpose only




54                                                                         ZONQING Environmental Limited Interim Report 2026
