                                                                                    Interim Report
                                                                          2026
    2026 中期報告   China Traditional Chinese Medicine Holdings Co. Limited   2026 Interim Report
中
國
中
藥
控
股
有
限
公
司
                                                                                    中期報告
                                                                          2026
                                                      CONTENTS

                                       CORPORATE INFORMATION      2
                         MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS       3
                                            OTHER INFORMATION    28
                        REPORT ON REVIEW OF INTERIM CONDENSED    31
                            CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
   INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR LOSS    33
                            AND OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION   34
INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY    36
      INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS     37
NOTES TO INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL INFORMATION    38
    CORPORATE INFORMATION

    BOARD OF DIRECTORS                                                STRATEGIC COMMITTEE
    Executive Directors                                               Mr. GUO Jinhong (Chairman)
                                                                      Mr. LI Hongjian
    Mr. GUO Jinhong (Chairman)                                        Mr. PENG Li
    Mr. LI Hongjian                                                   Mr. LI Xiangrong
    Mr. PENG Li                                                       Mr. YU Tze Shan Hailson
                                                                      Mr. QIN Ling
    Non-executive Directors
    Mr. LI Xiangrong
                                                                      REGISTERED OFFICE
    Mr. ZU Jing                                                       Room 1601, Emperor Group Centre
    Ms. XU Jinghui                                                    288 Hennessy Road
    Mr. CHEN Kun                                                      Wanchai
    Mr. HUANG Hao                                                     Hong Kong
    Independent Non-executive Directors                               Tel: (852) 2854 3393
    Mr. XIE Rong                                                      Fax: (852) 2544 1269
    Mr. YU Tze Shan Hailson                                           Email: publicrelation@china-tcm.com.cn
    Mr. QIN Ling
    Mr. LI Weidong                                                    STOCK CODE
                                                                      The shares of China Traditional Chinese Medicine
    COMPANY SECRETARY                                                 Holdings Co. Limited are listed on The Stock Exchange
    Ms. NG Sau Mei                                                    of Hong Kong Limited

                                                                      Stock code: 00570
    AUDIT COMMITTEE
    Mr. XIE Rong (Chairman)                                           AUDITOR
    Mr. ZU Jing
    Mr. YU Tze Shan Hailson                                           BDO Limited
    Mr. QIN Ling                                                      25/F, Wing On Centre
    Mr. LI Weidong                                                    111 Connaught Road
                                                                      Hong Kong
    REMUNERATION AND EVALUATION                                       SHARE REGISTRAR AND TRANSFER
    COMMITTEE                                                         OFFICE
    Mr. QIN Ling (Chairman)
    Mr. CHEN Kun                                                      Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited
    Mr. XIE Rong                                                      Shops 1712-1716
    Mr. YU Tze Shan Hailson                                           17th Floor, Hopewell Centre
    Mr. LI Weidong                                                    183 Queen’s Road East
                                                                      Wanchai
                                                                      Hong Kong
    NOMINATION COMMITTEE
    Mr. GUO Jinhong (Chairman)                                        PRINCIPAL BANKERS
    Mr. LI Hongjian
    Ms. XU Jinghui                                                    China Merchants Bank Co., Ltd.
    Mr. XIE Rong                                                      Ping An Bank Co., Ltd.
    Mr. YU Tze Shan Hailson                                           Industrial and Commercial Bank of China Limited
    Mr. QIN Ling                                                      Bank of China (Hong Kong) Limited
    Mr. LI Weidong
                                                                      WEBSITE
                                                                      www.china-tcm.com.cn




2   China Traditional Chinese Medicine Holdings Co. Limited • Interim Report 2026
                            MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

INTRODUCTION

The board (the “Board”) of directors (the “Directors”) of China Traditional Chinese Medicine Holdings Co. Limited
(the “Company”) is pleased to announce the unaudited consolidated results of the Company and its subsidiaries
(collectively referred to as the “Group”) prepared under Hong Kong Financial Reporting Standards for the six
months ended 30 June 2026 (the “Reporting Period”, the “Period”), together with comparative figures for the
corresponding period of 2025 and relevant explanatory notes. The consolidated results are unaudited but have
been reviewed by the Company’s independent auditor, BDO Limited, and the audit committee of the Board (the
“Audit Committee”).


OVERVIEW

During the Reporting Period, the Group achieved revenue of approximately RMB5,438,498,000, representing a
year-on-year decrease of 27.1%, which was mainly due to the decline in terminal demand and the decrease in
sales volume during the Period for concentrated TCM granules business, as affected by industry policy adjustments
and changes in the market environment.

Analyzed by business segment:

Revenue from Chinese medicinal herbs integration business was approximately RMB189,582,000, representing a
year-on-year decrease of 57.5%, accounting for 3.5% of the total revenue;

Revenue from TCM decoction pieces business was approximately RMB1,559,603,000, representing a year-on-year
decrease of 2.3%, accounting for 28.7% of the total revenue;

Revenue from concentrated TCM granules business was approximately RMB1,932,888,000, representing a year-
on-year decrease of 35.4%, accounting for 35.5% of the total revenue;

Revenue from TCM finished drugs business was approximately RMB1,663,021,000, representing a year-on-year
decrease of 28.0%, accounting for 30.6% of the total revenue;

Revenue from TCM great health business was approximately RMB93,404,000, representing a year-on-year decrease
of 23.5%, accounting for 1.7% of the total revenue.

During the Reporting Period, the Group’s gross profit was approximately RMB2,580,844,000, representing a year-
on-year decrease of 29.0%. The gross profit margin was 47.5%, representing a decrease of 1.2 percentage points
compared with the same period last year, which was mainly due to the decrease in the unit selling prices of certain
products, leading to a decline in the gross profit margin.




                                              China Traditional Chinese Medicine Holdings Co. Limited • Interim Report 2026   3
    MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



    BUSINESS REVIEW

    I.   Focus on Core Businesses and Strengthen the Foundation of Operation and Development

         (I)   Chinese medicinal herbs integration business

               In recent years, prices of Chinese medicinal herbs have experienced significant fluctuations due to multiple
               factors such as climate and supply-demand relationships. TCM manufacturers have generally faced dual
               pressures from “upstream fluctuations in the prices of Chinese medicinal herbs and downstream pressure
               on drug prices”. To better integrate resources, the Group’s Chinese medicinal herbs integration business
               segment has shifted away from its previous development model of independent development and pursuit
               of scale pattern. The Group has proactively scaled down inefficient businesses while strengthening the
               coordination of Chinese medicinal herbs resources and risk management.

               In terms of procurement management, the Group continued to advance the standardisation, normalisation
               and compliance of its procurement system. The Group significantly enhanced its cost control capabilities
               by increasing the proportion of centralised procurement, optimising the supplier structure and deepening
               the base direct-supply model. During the Reporting Period, the Group designated 25 varieties of Chinese
               medicinal herbs for direct supply from bases and completed strategic reserves for certain varieties.

               In terms of resource layout, the Group strictly adhered to the policy requirements of the Good Agricultural
               Practice (“GAP”) for Chinese medicinal herbs. As of the end of the Reporting Period, the Group has built
               193 production bases for Chinese medicinal herbs in 20 provinces (regions and municipalities) across the
               country, covering 107 varieties with a total area of over 536,900 mu. Among these, 94 varieties have
               been coded for traceability, representing a coding rate of 88%. A cumulative total of 33 varieties have
               passed GAP compliance inspections. Additionally, it has established seed and seedling breeding bases
               with an area of 3,585 mu, covering 13 key varieties.




4   China Traditional Chinese Medicine Holdings Co. Limited • Interim Report 2026
                                           MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


(II) TCM decoction pieces

    In 2026, the first nationwide centralised procurement of TCM decoction pieces, spearheaded by the
    Health Care Security Administration of Shandong Province, was fully implemented. The second round of
    national alliance centralised procurement was officially launched in May 2026, adding 41 new varieties on
    top of the 45 included in the first round. The Group actively responded to this initiative, with a total of
    10 subsidiaries, 41 varieties and 82 specifications successfully selected, covering all 31 provinces (regions
    and municipalities) across the country. Although the price reductions from centralised procurement
    exerted certain pressure on short-term performance, the Group leveraged its scale advantages and
    cost management and control efforts to achieve significant year-on-year growth in the sales of medical
    decoction pieces, partially offsetting the impact of declining prices.

    The operational model of the Group’s “Share of TCM • Intelligent Distribution Centres” was iteratively
    upgraded. As of the end of the Reporting Period, 12 distribution centres in cities such as Foshan and
    Jiangmen completed the launch of information systems, establishing a fully digitalised workflow from
    prescription issuance to final delivery. Integrating the Group’s proprietary AI analytics capabilities, the
    system enables intelligent prescription recognition, dispensing verification and decoction control. During
    the Reporting Period, the Group’s 53 national distribution centres completed a cumulative total of 3.907
    million prescriptions for decoction and delivery, with a production of 30.545 million doses, representing
    a year-on-year increase of 8.5% and 10.8%, respectively, driving a dual improvement in both operational
    capacity and service quality.

(III) Concentrated TCM granules

    During the Reporting Period, the concentrated TCM granules industry entered a phase of profound
    transformation driven by policy guidance and market adjustments. On the one hand, the phased
    implementation of the new round of inter-provincial alliance centralised procurement, coupled with
    intensified medical insurance cost control, placed temporary pressure on the overall scale of the industry;
    on the other hand, the top-level design became increasingly refined: the Guideline for Pricing of Medical
    Service Items Under the Pharmaceutical Category (《藥學類醫療服務價格項目立項指南》) clarified that
    dispensing fees may be charged following the implementation of the zero-markup policy, while the
    Certain Opinions on Improving the Drug Price Formation Mechanism (《關於健全藥品價格形成機制的
    若干意見》) formally ended the long-standing markup sales model.

    In response to the industry changes, the Group took proactive measures to break through challenges and
    accelerate the transformation of its marketing model towards high quality. Firstly, it strengthened the
    construction of its direct sales system by establishing a specialised self-operated team and a tiered service
    provider management and control system, while strictly adhering to compliance standards. Secondly, it
    conducted high-quality clinical research to enhance clinicians’ recognition of the value of concentrated
    TCM granules products, driving industry competition back to its clinical essence.




                                         China Traditional Chinese Medicine Holdings Co. Limited • Interim Report 2026   5
    MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


         (IV) TCM finished drugs

               In the first half of 2026, the TCM finished drugs industry continued its deep adjustment trend. Demand
               in the hospital market experienced a slight decline due to medical insurance cost control and regulations
               on rational drug use, while the out-of-hospital market faced dual challenges from online traffic diversion
               and policy adjustments.


               In terms of prescription drugs business, the Group adhered to a clinical value-oriented approach and
               continued to optimise its market layout. During the Reporting Period, 856 unit-times of secondary and
               above medical terminals were developed. A total of 12 guidelines, consensuses and textbooks have been
               approved for access, covering core products such as Xianling Gubao Capsules (仙靈骨葆膠囊) and Yu
               Ping Feng Granules (玉屏風顆粒), significantly enhancing recognition of their clinical values. Meanwhile,
               the Group conducted 29 evidence-based studies on products such as Huashi Baidu Granules (化濕敗毒顆
               粒) and Jinye Baidu Granules (金葉敗毒顆粒), providing robust evidence to support academic promotion.


               In terms of OTC business, the Group actively deepened its “branded e-commerce” layout, with an
               increasingly refined operational system for core e-commerce platforms and year-on-year growth in new
               retail business. In terms of offline channel expansion, it added 276 unit-times of “10+200” chain pharmacy
               outlets, achieving a shelf availability rate of over 80% for three varieties, including Biyankang Tablets
               (鼻炎康片). The Group also deepened strategic collaboration with Sinopharm Group Guoda Drugstore,
               launching targeted promotional campaigns for products such as Yaoshen Paste (腰腎膏) and Chongcao
               Qingfei Capsules (蟲草清肺膠囊), continuously unlocking internal synergies.

         (V) TCM great health

               On the product front, the Group anchored its strategy in authentic medicinal herbs and medicine and
               food homology, actively advancing research and development (“R&D”) efforts into new categories such
               as personal care products, herbal pastes and dietary therapies to cultivate new growth points.

               On the service front, the TCM medical institutions optimised the diagnosis and treatment service systems
               to address emerging demands, including specialised health care, chronic disease conditioning and posture
               correction. During the Reporting Period, the Group recorded a total of 107,000 outpatient visits, with
               steady increases in the average transaction value and repurchase rates.




6   China Traditional Chinese Medicine Holdings Co. Limited • Interim Report 2026
                                                  MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


II.   Enhance Governance and Operations and Drive Technological Innovation

      (I)   Deepen technological innovation and solidify growth foundations

            During the Reporting Period, the Group adhered to a dual-driven approach of R&D innovation and
            standardised construction, achieving multiple breakthroughs.

            In terms of innovative drugs, R&D of Category 1.1 TCM new drugs continued to advance. Information of
            “Xingpi Jieyu Tablets” (Yushuda Tablets) which was developed by Sinopharm Group Tongjitang (Guizhou)
            Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. (“Tongjitang Pharmaceutical”), a subsidiary of the Group, was submitted,
            entering into the technical evaluation phase of Center for Drug Evaluation.

            R&D of classic formulas yielded substantial results. Two Category 3.1 new drugs, namely Taohe Chengqi
            Granules (桃核承氣顆粒) developed by Guangdong Yifang Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. (“Guangdong Yifang”)
            and Shaoyao Gancao Tang Granules (芍藥甘草湯顆粒) developed by Sinopharm Group Guangdong
            Medi-World Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd., were approved for marketing. The core product Trionycis Bolus
            (鱉甲煎丸) from Sinopharm Group Zhonglian Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. was successfully selected for a
            national science and technology major project, under which it collaborates with top institutions such as
            Shuguang Hospital Affiliated to Shanghai University of Traditional Chinese Medicine and Naval Medical
            University to deeply explore the efficacy mechanism of the product in the “inflammation-to-cancer
            transition” of hepatitis B.

            The Group maintained its leadership in standard-setting for concentrated TCM granules. During the
            Reporting Period, the Chinese Pharmacopoeia Commission released 23 new national drug standards
            for concentrated TCM granules, of which the Group led the drafting of 13 standards, accounting for
            57%. As of 21 July 2026, the Group participated in drafting 238 out of the 410 national standards,
            accounting for 58%.




                                               China Traditional Chinese Medicine Holdings Co. Limited • Interim Report 2026   7
    MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


         (II) Deepen digital and intelligence integration, drive core business upgrades

               During the Reporting Period, the Group leveraged industrial digitalisation and business digitalisation
               and intelligence as core driving forces to accelerate the establishment of a new development pattern
               characterised by data empowerment, manufacturing upgrades and enhanced management efficiency.

               In terms of industrial digitalisation, leveraging data elements across the entire industry chain, the Group
               completed data compliance governance and asset confirmation. It launched the first industry-specific
               data product, the “Traditional Chinese Medicines Full Industry Chain Quality Traceability Dataset” (中
               藥全產業鏈質量追溯數據集), which was listed on the Canton Data Exchange. This milestone marks the
               Group’s transition from data resources to data assets. Utilizing a “data + visual” dual-evidence chain,
               this dataset has helped 33 Chinese medicinal herb varieties pass GAP compliance inspections, setting a
               benchmark for the marketisation of industry data elements.

               In terms of business digitalisation and intelligence, the Group adopted a “tailored strategy for each plant
               and tiered development” (一廠一策、分級培育) approach for smart factory development. Subsidiaries
               including Guangdong Yifang, Jiangyin Tianjiang, Tongjitang Pharmaceutical and Shanghai Tongjitang
               Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. made continuous progress in the digitalisation and intelligence of the entire
               production process, achieving multiple breakthroughs in areas such as MES system optimisation and
               data middle platform construction. As of the end of the Reporting Period, three subsidiaries had been
               recognised as “Advanced Smart Factories” through official evaluations, signifying a new level of intelligent
               manufacturing capabilities.

         (III) Cultivate a strong talent ecosystem, stimulate organisational vitality

               The Group will continue to strengthen its cadre and talent pipelines. During the Reporting Period, it
               launched the “brigadier scheme”, an elite young‑cadre training class to purposefully select and groom core
               talent; it continued to improve market‑oriented operating mechanisms and a contract‑based management
               system, establishing a clear orientation of “rigorous assessment, strict constraints, and results focus” to
               effectively implement contract‑based management for mid‑level managers at headquarters.

               The personnel‑efficiency reforms delivered notable results. As of the end of the Reporting Period,
               employees with bachelor’s degrees and above accounted for 47.3% of the workforce, representing
               an increase of approximately 5.3 percentage points as compared with the same period in 2025; the
               percentage of research personnel increased by approximately 0.2 percentage point from the same period
               in 2025 to 10.1%.




8   China Traditional Chinese Medicine Holdings Co. Limited • Interim Report 2026
                                                MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


    (IV) Uphold safety and environmental protection, fortify the foundation of quality

         The Group strictly implemented production safety responsibilities while ensuring stable and orderly
         production operations through system improvements, clarified accountability, intensified inspections,
         strengthened drills and other multifaceted measures. During the Reporting Period, the Group organised
         an aggregate of 713 specialised trainings on topics such as machinery, fire prevention, and hazardous
         chemicals, covering 37,539 participants. At the same time, the proportion of green energy applications
         continued to increase. As of the end of the Reporting Period, the cumulative installed capacity of
         photovoltaic power generation reached 20.68 MW. During the Reporting Period, photovoltaic power
         generation reached 8.0041 million kWh, equivalent to a reduction of 4,247 tons of carbon dioxide
         emissions; and 14.4463 million kWh of green electricity were procured.

         In terms of quality management, by establishing a unified quality management system, conducting routine
         internal audits, and deepening hidden-danger investigations, the Group achieved precise control of
         quality risks. During the Reporting Period, the Group completed internal quality‑system audits at a total
         of seven subsidiaries, routine supervisory inspections at 16 subsidiaries, and specialised inspections of
         Chinese medicinal materials at two subsidiaries, continuously fortifying the baseline for quality compliance.

IV. Policy Update

    During the Reporting Period, a series of policies and regulations governing the TCM industry were implemented.
    The Group promptly adjusted its operating strategies to keep pace with the evolving landscape. In terms of
    national strategy, both the 2026 National Health Conference and the “Government Work Report” (《政府工
    作報告》) emphasized “equal emphasis on traditional Chinese and Western medicine”. The “Implementation
    Plan for High-Quality Development of the TCM Industry” (《中藥工業高質量發展實施方案》) and the
    “15th Five-Year Plan” outline have laid out a clear blueprint for long-term industry development, validating
    the Group’s foresight in its full-industry-chain layout and intelligent manufacturing upgrades. In terms
    of quality supervision, the newly revised “Regulations for Implementing the Drug Administration Law”
    (《藥品管理法實施條例》) and the “Regulations for the Administration of TCM Decoction Pieces in Hospitals”
    (《醫院中藥飲片管理規範》) have reinforced enterprises’ primary responsibility. Leveraging its traceability
    system and self-production capabilities, the Group has continued to strengthen its foundation of compliance.
    In terms of medical reform and market, the dynamic adjustment of the essential medicines list and the full
    implementation of the “zero markup” policy for concentrated TCM granules have driven industry competition
    back toward its core focus on clinical value, accelerating the transformation of the Group’s marketing
    model toward academic and professional standards. In terms of compliance and risk control, in the face of
    stringent measures such as judicial interpretations on anti-commercial bribery, the registration management
    of pharmaceutical representatives, and the five-year special campaign on medical insurance funds, the Group
    has continuously strengthened its compliance system construction to ensure lawful and compliant operations,
    thereby safeguarding the Company’s steady and sustainable development.




                                              China Traditional Chinese Medicine Holdings Co. Limited • Interim Report 2026   9
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


          1.    2026 National Health Conference held from 5 to 6 January 2026

                Keywords: healthy China, deepening healthcare reform, affordability, transparency, and quality
                improvement

                The conference comprehensively deployed the key tasks for public health for the year, explicitly requiring
                that the unique strengths of TCM be fully leveraged in areas such as treatment, rehabilitation, prevention
                and innovation. It also called for the precise implementation of the project to strengthen the foundation
                of medical and health care and the inclusion of training for key “Western physicians learning TCM” (西
                學中) personnel in the annual list of practical initiatives. The Group will seize the opportunities of the
                “Western physicians learning TCM” policy, focusing on selecting core medical institutions with large-scale
                training programmes to deepen the clinical penetration and application of its products. At the same
                time, the Group will establish a training system for integrated Chinese-Western medical diagnosis and
                treatment that covers Western medicine physicians, thereby fostering clinical drug use habits.

          2.    The “Regulations for Implementing the Drug Administration Law of the People’s Republic
                of China” (《中華人民共和國藥品管理法實施條例》) effective on 27 January 2026

                Keywords: full-process management and control, self-production of TCM decoction pieces and concentrated
                TCM granules, traceability system

                The regulations solidify quality responsibilities throughout the entire lifecycle of TCM into administrative
                rules and establish specific, mandatory requirements for TCM decoction pieces and concentrated TCM
                granules, serving as a foundational administrative regulation for the production and operation of TCM.
                At the same time, the regulations optimise the ecosystem for pharmaceutical innovation, incentivizing
                innovations that possess genuine clinical value. The Group’s compliant layout of full-industry-chain, self-
                production and quality traceability systems closely aligns with regulatory requirements, and the Group
                will continue to focus on product innovation driven by clinical value, thereby strengthening the resilience
                of industrial chain and product advantages.




10   China Traditional Chinese Medicine Holdings Co. Limited • Interim Report 2026
                                            MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


3.   The “Implementation Plan for High-Quality Development of the TCM Industry (2026-2030)”
     (《中藥工業高質量發展實施方案(2026-2030年)》) issued on 5 February 2026

     Keywords: top-level planning, full industry chain collaboration, leader guidance


     The plan serves as a guiding document for the development of the TCM industry over the next five years.
     The plan’s emphasis on directions such as “full industry chain collaboration” further confirms the Group’s
     forward-looking and strategic value in its layout of GAP bases, origin processing and quality traceability
     systems. The Group’s existing intelligent manufacturing upgrades and R&D platform construction align
     perfectly with the “deployment of smart factories, green factories and innovation centres” of the plan.
     The plan explicitly encourages leader guidance, providing solid policy support for the Group to integrate
     industry resources and promote the intensive development.

4.   The new version of “Administrative Measures for the National Essential Medicines List”
     (《國家基本藥物目錄管理辦法》) issued on 11 February 2026

     Keywords: equal emphasis on traditional Chinese and Western medicine, expansion of the essential
     drugs, evidence-based evidences, priority for primary healthcare

     The measures optimise the dynamic adjustment mechanism for the list, shorten the update cycle, and
     focus on the selection criteria on TCM dominant diseases, pediatric, gynecological, and chronic disease
     medications. At the same time, the measures strengthen the evidence requirements for essential
     drug varieties in terms of evidence-based medicine and pharmacoeconomics, and establish mandatory
     assessment criteria for the standardised drug instructions and clinical re-evaluation. Dynamic adjustments
     to the list imply that there will be at least one redistribution of product market share every three years,
     which means a reshaping of the market landscape. The Group will closely monitor trends in these
     adjustments, optimise market access strategies, and simultaneously strengthen price maintenance
     management for proprietary varieties and deepen channel development after winning bids to seize
     structural opportunities.




                                         China Traditional Chinese Medicine Holdings Co. Limited • Interim Report 2026   11
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


          5.    The “Guideline for Pricing of Medical Service Items Under the Pharmaceutical Category
                (Trial)” (《藥學類醫療服務價格項目立項指南(試行)》) issued on 11 February 2026

                Keywords: pharmaceutical service pricing, zero markup for concentrated TCM granules, dispensing fees
                for concentrated TCM granules

                The guideline reforms prescription charging models by formally implementing a zero-markup policy
                for concentrated TCM granules while concurrently establishing standardised charging items for on‑site
                processing, decoction services and dispensing fees, through which pharmacists’ professional labour value
                is recognised separately. Having systematically analysed the cost composition under the zero‑margin policy,
                the Group is actively participating in consultations on price-forming mechanisms, and will contribute
                constructive proposals for sustainable industry development while supporting the rediscovery of value
                for pharmaceutical services.

          6.    The “2026 Government Work Report” (《2026年政府工作報告》) delivered on 5 March 2026

                Keywords: TCM inheritance and innovation, integration of traditional Chinese and Western medicine,
                procurement optimisation


                As China’s top-level policy document for annual macroeconomic and livelihood planning, the report
                lists “promoting TCM inheritance and innovation and facilitating the integration of traditional Chinese
                and Western medicine” as a key task for the year, anchoring TCM’s long‑term and stable development
                at the national strategic level and effectively reducing industry uncertainty. The Group will continue to
                follow the guidance of the report, accelerating downstream penetration of its medical terminal network
                and broadening clinical application in integrative Chinese and Western medicine scenarios.

          7.    The “15th Five-Year Plan for Economic and Social Development of the People’s Republic
                of China” (《中華人民共和國國民經濟和社會發展第十五個五年規劃綱要》) issued on 12 March
                2026

                Keywords: Healthy China, TCM inheritance and innovation, TCM revitalisation and development

                As the master plan for the “15th Five‑Year” period, it systematically deploys tasks for TCM revitalisation,
                covering mid- to long‑term tasks such as service quality improvement, resource conservation, medical
                insurance reform, and cultural exchange, embedding TCM development into the national strategic
                agenda. It sets out stable policy expectations for the Group’s long‑term development.




12   China Traditional Chinese Medicine Holdings Co. Limited • Interim Report 2026
                                            MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


8.   The “Interpretation on Several Issues Concerning the Application of Law in Handling Criminal
     Cases of Corruption and Bribery (II)” (《關於辦理貪污賄賂刑事案件適用法律若干問題的解釋
     (二)》) issued on 10 April 2026

     Keywords: intensified penalties for medical sector bribery, piercing accountability (穿透追責), lowered
     thresholds for criminalising bribery by individuals and organisations

     This judicial interpretation identifies the medical sector as a key area for strict anti‑bribery enforcement,
     substantially lowering thresholds for recognising commercial bribery in the sector and building a full‑chain,
     piercing accountability mechanism covering pharmaceutical enterprises, medical representatives and
     staff from medical institutions. This signals a new normal of law‑based compliance supervision for the
     sector. The Group will continue to strengthen and refine its compliance and internal control systems,
     leveraging high‑standard compliance capabilities to seize the window of opportunity presented by the
     sector’s move toward standardised regulation.

9.   The “Certain Opinions on Improving the Drug Price Formation Mechanism” (《關於健全藥
     品價格形成機制的若干意見》) issued on 14 April 2026

     Keywords: optimised drug price formation mechanism, zero markup for concentrated TCM granules

     These opinions have established a full-lifecycle and category‑based drug price governance system, formally
     specifying the implementation of the zero-markup policy for concentrated TCM granules. Following
     the policy implementation, procurement by medical institutions will shift from “price‑driven” selection
     to “product strength”, placing greater emphasis on quality, efficacy and evidence. This will effectively
     reduce patient cost burdens and improve the accessibility of concentrated granules. The Group will use
     this as a catalyst to transform its marketing toward academic value, intensify efforts to generate clinical
     evidence, and build differentiated competitive advantages.

10. The “Regulations for the Administration of TCM Decoction Pieces in Hospitals” (2026 Edition)
    (《醫院中藥飲片管理規範(2026版)》) effective on 16 April 2026

     Keywords: full‑process quality management and control, clarified rules for outsourced decoction, rational
     clinical use

     The new regulations cover full process review of procurement, storage, dispensing, decoction and
     prescription. Notably, the regulations expressly permit medical institutions with insufficient capacity to
     outsource decoction services to qualified organisations, and require the entrusted parties to maintain a
     full process traceability system. This removes institutional barriers for compliant outsourcing of decoction
     services and is expected to relieve in‑hospital capacity constraints. Leveraging its sound quality control
     and traceability systems, the Group will capture expanded market opportunities in outsourced decoction
     services and drive growth in its decoction pieces business at point of care.




                                          China Traditional Chinese Medicine Holdings Co. Limited • Interim Report 2026   13
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


          11. The “Management Measures for Medical Representatives” (《醫藥代表管理辦法》) effective
              on 7 May 2026

                Keywords: filing management, compliant promotion, full‑chain regulation

                The measures restructure the regulatory framework for medical representatives, strictly prohibiting
                representatives from undertaking business activities such as sales tasks, prescription compilation or
                payment collection, thereby strongly driving industry marketing transformation. This direction highly
                aligns with the Group’s long‑standing evidence‑based academic promotion pathway. We will continue
                building specialised professional promotion teams, strengthening full-process compliance control, and
                preserving our academic marketing moat.

          12. The “Prescription Drug Online Retail Compliance Guide” (《處方藥網絡零售合規指南》) issued
              on 25 May 2026

                Keywords: prescription review management and control, full‑process operating standards, platform
                entity responsibility

                The guide sets unified standards for online and offline prescription drug compliant operations while
                clarifying entity responsibilities between retail enterprises and third‑party platforms. As market entry
                thresholds rise and order is restored, compliant operation becomes a core competitive edge. The Group
                will strictly comply with the guide, faithfully perform its responsibilities as an operating entity, and leverage
                its robust compliance systems and product edge to actively expand into the Internet healthcare market.

          13. The “15th Five‑Year Plan for TCM Revitalisation and Development” (《中醫藥振興發展「十
              五五」規劃》) effective on 16 July 2026

                Keywords: full‑industry collaboration, digital and intelligence empowerment, coordinated development
                of medical services, medical insurance and pharmaceuticals, modernisation of TCM

                As the guiding policy document for coordinated development of TCM services, industry and culture during
                the “15th Five‑Year” period (2026-2030), this plan is China’s second five‑year special plan for TCM and
                marks a new phase of fully-accelerated, systematic advancement in TCM revitalisation and development.
                Taking an integrated approach across key domains such as medical services, research, talent, industry,
                culture and open development, the plan sets out key tasks across ten areas.

                The Group will seize this policy opportunity, comprehensively align with the plan’s priorities, with a view
                to converting policy benefits into concrete outcomes in its development:




14   China Traditional Chinese Medicine Holdings Co. Limited • Interim Report 2026
                                       MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


Task 1 – Improving high‑quality TCM service systems

The Group will closely seize opportunities to optimise the layout of its TCM service resources and, leverage
TCM medical systems at all levels to advance terminal deployment and specialty co‑development. Priority
will be given to supporting key planned areas such as pediatrics, geriatric medicine and behavioural sleep
disorders: in pediatrics, we will tackle standardisation of formula‑granule varieties and dosage forms to
address category gaps; in geriatrics and sleep medicine, we will deepen academic engagement at the
clinical end to assist the relevant departments in strengthening their capabilities. At the same time, we
will deepen our presence in the primary market by participating in county‑level specialty construction,
optimising terminal operations of TCM medical institutions, and continuously improving primary TCM
service networks.

Task 2 – Enhancing full‑life‑cycle health service capabilities of TCM

The Group will leverage its strengths in specialist deployments, deepen specialist alliances, and integrate
these efforts with its quality‑control systems. On the clinical level, we will use academic alliances to
promote the standardisation of TCM rehabilitation protocols, establish joint nursing‑clinic treatment
models, and broaden the application scope of concentrated TCM granules. On the service level, we
will continue to develop the “Share of TCM · Intelligent Distribution Centres”, seize cross‑regional
dispensing opportunities arising from medical‑institution formulation policies, and establish an integrated
decoction‑and‑pharmacy service system for TCM decoction pieces.

Task 3 – Promoting high‑quality development of integrative Chinese and Western medicine

The Group will further expand engagement with comprehensive tertiary hospitals, specialty hospitals and
maternal‑child health institutions to broaden clinical application of its products in integrative Chinese
and Western medicine scenarios. Adhering to the training and political guideline of “Western physicians
learning TCM”, we will build an integrative diagnostic and treatment training system for institutions with
strong training capacity that covers Western medicine physicians, cultivate clinical prescribing habits,
and enhance clinical recognition of our products.

Task 4 – Building a high‑quality TCM talent cadre

The Group will keep pursuing an approach that places equal emphasis on attracting and cultivating
talent, expand its reserve of professional management talent, deepen industry‑education integration
to develop interdisciplinary research talent, continuously optimise the composition of talent cadre, and
consolidate a robust long‑term talent foundation.




                                     China Traditional Chinese Medicine Holdings Co. Limited • Interim Report 2026   15
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


                Task 5 – Promoting TCM inheritance and innovation

                The Group will coordinate product R&D planning with the development of its research capabilities.
                On the product side, we will advance in stages the introduction and commercialisation of renowned
                clinicians’ validated prescriptions and in-hospital formulations, implement classic prescriptions, and carry
                out secondary development of core proprietary TCM products to strengthen the product pipeline. On
                the platform side, we will actively participate in the construction of the National TCM Inheritance and
                Innovation Centres (國家中醫藥傳承創新中心) and National TCM key laboratories (國家中醫藥局重點實
                驗室) while enhancing our independent innovation capacity.

                Task 6 – Promoting modernised TCM industry and health services

                The Group will continue to advance a full‑industry‑chain, high‑quality development strategy. On the
                upstream resources side, we will intensify cultivation of premium germplasm, develop endangered
                medicinal materials, and build GAP production bases and primary processing centres at source, combined
                with an end‑to‑end quality‑traceability system, as well as digital and intelligence technologies, these
                measures will strengthen upstream quality control. On the industrial manufacturing side, we will
                pursue capacity consolidation and intelligent manufacturing upgrades to realise economies of scale and
                reinforce our leadership in setting standards. On the downstream consumption and service side, we will
                concentrate on TCM‑related health service models, build a comprehensive great health product matrix,
                optimise channel layout, upgrade services at TCM medical institutions, and cultivate new growth drivers.

                Task 7 – Fostering TCM cultural prosperity

                The Group will leverage its portfolio of long‑established brands’ intangible cultural‑heritage craftsmanship
                and industrial‑heritage assets to deepen the cultural connotations of TCM across living inheritance of
                intangible cultural heritage, themed exhibition‑hall development, and integration of culture and tourism.
                We will promote a deep fusion of cultural value and industrial development to strengthen the soft
                power of our brands.

                Task 8 – Promoting the open development of TCM

                The Group will proactively coordinate its international expansion around three strategic directions,
                namely integrating into the “Belt and Road” initiative, securing overseas product market access, and
                advancing cooperation within the Greater Bay Area. We will steadily advance overseas registration and
                commercialisation of core product lines, deepen collaborative links with industry, academia, research
                and medical institutions in Hong Kong and Macau, and engage with international high‑level exchange
                platforms, in a concerted effort to build quality TCM enterprises of distinctive “going‑out” capabilities.




16   China Traditional Chinese Medicine Holdings Co. Limited • Interim Report 2026
                                                 MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


          Task 9 – Accelerating digital and intelligence empowerment and standardisation of TCM

          The Group will closely align with planning guidance on “TCM industrial internet and AI‑assisted diagnosis
          and treatment”, coordinate the implementation of AI-based scenarios, conversion of data assets into
          value, and the expansion of intelligent pharmaceutical services. We will continue to strengthen the digital
          capability system and consolidate our leadership role in formulating national standards for concentrated
          TCM granules.

          Task 10 – Deepening reform and governance in the TCM field

          The Group will closely follow policy directives on the coordinated development of medical services,
          medical insurance and pharmaceuticals, and align its business strategy with the core priorities of improving
          the review and approval system that integrates TCM theory, empirical human use, and clinical trials,
          advancing medical‑insurance payment reform, and enhancing clinical value. At the same time, we will
          strengthen the rule of law and supervisory oversight, continuously refine our compliance management
          system to adapt to the new normal of “piercing‑style regulation” (穿透式監管), and safeguard its steady
          and long‑term development.

V.   Work Arrangement for the Next Step

     Challenges and opportunities will coexist in the second half of 2026, the Group will proactively adapt to
     the new ecosystem in sector-wide development, build on advantages from its existing assets and resources,
     address shortcomings and create a pattern of reform driven, innovation led, stable growth to achieve a strong
     start to the “15th Five Year” period.

     (1) Deepen reform to reshape business development models

          In terms of TCM decoction pieces, the Group will focus on the four priorities of “collaboration,
          quality improvement, volume expansion and brand”, strengthen market footprint, category setting and
          marketing-system coordination, secure participation and ensure smooth delivery in the second-round
          national centralised procurement for TCM decoction pieces; enhance comprehensive pharmacy service
          capabilities and further maintain its leading position in the field of TCM decoction pieces.

          In terms of concentrated TCM granules, the Group will coordinate responses to policy reforms, focus
          on adjusting marketing strategies and building its self‑operated team, strive to secure market share,
          deepen academic promotion and implement new marketing policies.

          In terms of TCM finished drugs, the Group will strengthen the establishment of its multi‑tier academic
          promotion system and expert network, reinforce evidence chains, raise brand influence; optimise the
          operation of multicenter marketing platforms, enhance refined management; increase investment in
          out-of-hospital markets, and maximise the likelihood of meeting annual targets.




                                               China Traditional Chinese Medicine Holdings Co. Limited • Interim Report 2026   17
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


          (2) Drive quality improvement, ensure implementation of special governance initiatives

                Firstly, specify details and implement actions to secure delivery of special initiatives. By strengthening
                designated management and control on accounts receivable and actively overdue receivables from dormant
                customers; coordinating and advancing loss‑making governance, decisively closing and transforming
                enterprises with no turnaround prospects; strictly controlling gearing ratio, relying on business collaboration
                and coordinated management, the Group will implement “piercing‑style management and control” (穿
                透式管控) on highly indebted enterprises and provide targeted assistance in specified areas.

                Secondly, optimise management and raise overall management and control effectiveness. To further
                advance personnel efficiency reform, improve operational efficiency by integrating cross‑functional
                roles and streamlining redundant entities; optimise supply chain by increasing centralised procurement
                to capture scale effects, strengthen upstream resource control and strategic reserves to mitigate raw
                material cost volatility. Thoroughly implement measures to increase efficiency and reduce cost, optimise
                capacity allocation for the concentrated TCM granules segment; focus on increasing production-line
                utilisation among leading enterprises and promote the relocation of cleaning and slicing processes
                closer to producing areas for the TCM decoction pieces segment; concentrate on priority varieties and
                deepen variable cost lean management for the TCM finished drugs segment. At the same time, unify
                quality standards, optimise internal standards for TCM materials and decoction pieces, and advance the
                transition towards a standardised and integrated quality management system.

                Thirdly, strengthen concrete control to solidify the foundation for high‑quality development. Optimise
                the “strategy + operation” governance model and accelerate the construction of an analysis platform
                for operational data to materially improve data‑driven decision‑making quality. Improve the internal
                control system and enhance compliance oversight and dynamic monitoring of operational risks. Uphold
                safety as the baseline, consolidating the foundations of safe production and quality assurance, with
                particular emphasis on seasonal risk prevention and the remediation of hidden hazards. Forge supervisory
                synergy by improving cross‑departmental information sharing, joint inspections, and remediation‑tracking
                mechanisms, ultimately creating an efficient management closed loop.




18   China Traditional Chinese Medicine Holdings Co. Limited • Interim Report 2026
                                                MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


     (3) Incubate and cultivate innovation‑driven momentum

          To enrich the TCM finished drugs product pipeline, the Group will concentrate on breakthrough R&D
          for innovative Chinese medicine products, closely monitor the progress of the Phase III clinical trial for
          “Hei Guteng Tendon-stretching, Bone-penetrating Spray” (黑骨藤伸筋透骨噴霧劑), while intensifying
          secondary development of TCM finished drugs, and proactively pursue new‑indication studies for three
          varieties and conduct post‑marketing re‑evaluations for major products.

          Advance comprehensive digital and intelligent upgrades, roll out a smart TCM information platform on
          the industry side, establish procurement management and market‑analysis systems on the business side
          and iteratively upgrade the marketing system, accelerate deployment of an operational data platform
          on the control side to consolidate and reuse data‑analysis capabilities, proactively embracing the new
          wave of technological development.

Conclusion

Looking ahead to the second half of the year, the Group will seize the strategic opportunity presented by the
revitalisation and development of TCM, and fully acknowledge the urgency of converting growth drivers and
transforming our business model. Guided by a clear strategic direction, a refreshed development philosophy, and
pragmatic operational measures, we will continuously strengthen our development resilience, comprehensively
enhance core competitiveness, and strive to create long‑term, stable investment returns to our shareholders.




                                              China Traditional Chinese Medicine Holdings Co. Limited • Interim Report 2026   19
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



     BUSINESS ANALYSIS

     During the Reporting Period, the Group’s revenue was approximately RMB5,438,498,000, representing a decrease
     of 27.1% from approximately RMB7,463,383,000 for the same period last year. Revenue and cost of sales of each
     business segment are as follows:

                                                                   Six months ended 30 June
                                             2026                2025                   2026              2025
      Business segments                   Revenue             Revenue           Cost of sales      Cost of sales
                                          RMB’000            RMB’000 Change         RMB’000           RMB’000      Change

      Chinese medicinal herbs
        integration business               189,582            445,584      -57.5%        180,520       402,050     -55.1%
      TCM decoction pieces               1,559,603          1,596,128       -2.3%      1,171,156     1,219,630      -4.0%
      Concentrated TCM
        granules                         1,932,888          2,990,750      -35.4%       844,799      1,329,265     -36.4%
      TCM finished drugs                 1,663,021          2,308,809      -28.0%       599,383        793,301     -24.4%
      TCM great health                      93,404            122,112      -23.5%        61,796         84,544     -26.9%


      Total                              5,438,498          7,463,383      -27.1%      2,857,654     3,828,790     -25.4%



     1.   Chinese medicinal herbs integration business

                                                                                 Six months ended 30 June
                                                                               2026             2025
                                                                            RMB’000          RMB’000               Change

              Revenue                                                        189,582          445,584              -57.5%
              Cost of sales                                                  180,520          402,050              -55.1%
              Gross profit                                                     9,062           43,534              -79.2%
              Gross profit margin                                              4.8%             9.8%                -5.0pp



          During the Reporting Period, the revenue of the Chinese medicinal herbs integration business segment
          was approximately RMB189,582,000, representing a decrease of 57.5% compared with the revenue of
          approximately RMB445,584,000 for the same period last year and accounting for 3.5% of the total revenue,
          which was mainly due to: (1) focusing to the development of local varieties and advantageous varieties, and
          gradually cutting high-risk businesses; and (2) the decline in sales unit prices of Chinese medicinal herbs
          affected by the downward fluctuation in its market price, leading to a decrease in revenue.

          The gross profit margin for the Period was 4.8%, representing a decrease of 5.0 percentage points compared
          with 9.8% for the same period last year, which was mainly attributed to the decrease in the market prices
          of some Chinese medicinal herbs, leading to a decrease in the gross profit margin.




20   China Traditional Chinese Medicine Holdings Co. Limited • Interim Report 2026
                                               MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


2.   TCM decoction pieces

                                                                     Six months ended 30 June
                                                                   2026             2025
                                                                RMB’000          RMB’000                        Change

      Revenue                                                  1,559,603              1,596,128                  -2.3%
      Cost of sales                                            1,171,156              1,219,630                  -4.0%
      Gross profit                                               388,447                376,498                   3.2%
      Gross profit margin                                         24.9%                  23.6%                    1.3pp



     During the Reporting Period, the revenue of the TCM decoction pieces business segment was approximately
     RMB1,559,603,000, representing a decrease of 2.3% compared with the revenue of approximately
     RMB1,596,128,000 for the same period last year and accounting for 28.7% of the total revenue. During the
     Period, we actively optimised the business structure and focused on the medical terminal markets. Despite
     the year-on-year growth in sales volume, the revenue underwent a slight drop as a result of the increase in
     the proportion of volume-based procurement business.

     The gross profit margin for the Period was 24.9%, representing an increase of 1.3 percentage points compared
     with 23.6% for the same period last year, which was mainly due to the downward fluctuation in the market
     prices of raw material costs.

3.   Concentrated TCM granules

                                                                     Six months ended 30 June
                                                                   2026             2025
                                                                RMB’000          RMB’000                        Change

      Revenue                                                  1,932,888              2,990,750                 -35.4%
      Cost of sales                                              844,799              1,329,265                 -36.4%
      Gross profit                                             1,088,089              1,661,485                 -34.5%
      Gross profit margin                                         56.3%                  55.6%                    0.7pp



     During the Reporting Period, the revenue of the concentrated TCM granules business segment was approximately
     RMB1,932,888,000, representing a decrease of 35.4% compared with the revenue of approximately
     RMB2,990,750,000 for the same period last year and accounting for 35.5% of the total revenue, which was
     mainly due to the impact of adjustments to industry policies and changes in market conditions, leading to
     weaker terminal demand and a decline in sales volume for the Period.

     The gross profit margin for the Period was 56.3%, representing an increase of 0.7 percentage point compared
     with 55.6% for the same period last year, which was mainly due to the downward fluctuation in the market
     prices of raw material costs.




                                             China Traditional Chinese Medicine Holdings Co. Limited • Interim Report 2026   21
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


     4.   TCM finished drugs

                                                                                 Six months ended 30 June
                                                                               2026             2025
                                                                            RMB’000          RMB’000         Change

           Revenue                                                         1,663,021       2,308,809          -28.0%
           Cost of sales                                                     599,383         793,301          -24.4%
           Gross profit                                                    1,063,638       1,515,508          -29.8%
           Gross profit margin                                                64.0%           65.6%            -1.6pp



          During the Reporting Period, the revenue of the TCM finished drugs business segment was approximately
          RMB1,663,021,000, representing a decrease of 28.0% compared with the revenue of approximately
          RMB2,308,809,000 for the same period last year and accounting for 30.6% of the total revenue, which was
          mainly due to the continuous deepening of medical reform and medical insurance cost control that led to
          generally weak terminal demand. Coupled with the Company’s initiative to optimise its marketing model and
          product pricing strategy, revenue recorded a year-on-year decrease.

          The gross profit margin for the Period was 64.0%, representing a decrease of 1.6 percentage points compared
          with 65.6% for the same period last year, which was mainly attributed to the Company’s moderate reduction
          in selling prices of certain products in active response to changes in market environment, resulting in a
          pullback in gross profit margin.

     5.   TCM great health

                                                                                 Six months ended 30 June
                                                                               2026             2025
                                                                            RMB’000          RMB’000         Change

           Revenue                                                             93,404        122,112          -23.5%
           Cost of sales                                                       61,796         84,544          -26.9%
           Gross profit                                                        31,608         37,568          -15.9%
           Gross profit margin                                                 33.8%          30.8%             3.0pp



          During the Reporting Period, the revenue of TCM great health business segment was approximately
          RMB93,404,000, representing a decrease of 23.5% compared with the revenue of approximately
          RMB122,112,000 for the same period last year and accounting for 1.7% of the total revenue, which was
          mainly attributed to the exit from homogeneous product categories, resulting in a year-over-year decline in
          revenue.

          The gross profit margin for the Period was 33.8%, representing an increase of 3.0 percentage points compared
          with 30.8% for the same period last year, which was mainly attributed to the optimisation of sales structure.




22   China Traditional Chinese Medicine Holdings Co. Limited • Interim Report 2026
                                                MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



FINANCIAL REVIEW

Other income

For the six months ended 30 June 2026, the Group’s other income was approximately RMB75,410,000, representing
a decrease of 17.2% from approximately RMB91,052,000 for the same period last year, which was mainly due to
the government grants received by the Group amounted to approximately RMB54,908,000 during the Reporting
Period, representing a decrease of 19.7% from approximately RMB68,350,000 for the same period last year. At
the same time, the interest income received for the Period was approximately RMB13,951,000, representing a
decrease of 22.1% from approximately RMB17,900,000 for the same period last year.

Other gains and losses

For the six months ended 30 June 2026, the Group’s other losses were approximately RMB613,382,000 (six months
ended 30 June 2025: other losses of approximately RMB262,394,000). The movements in other gains and losses
were primarily because: (1) the impairment recognised in respect of goodwill was approximately RMB645,245,000
for the Period, representing an increase of approximately RMB402,784,000 compared with the goodwill impairment
of approximately RMB242,461,000 for the same period of last year; and (2) the foreign exchange losses for the
Period were approximately RMB2,432,000, representing an increase of approximately RMB2,296,000 compared
with the foreign exchange losses of approximately RMB136,000 for the same period last year.

Impairment losses under expected credit loss model, net of reversal

As at 30 June 2026, the balance of trade receivables of the Group for more than one year increased by approximately
RMB302,798,000 compared with the beginning of the year. According to the Group’s credit impairment loss
provision policy, the provision for credit impairment loss for the Period was approximately RMB139,185,000,
representing a decrease of approximately RMB46,690,000 compared with approximately RMB185,875,000 for the
same period last year.

Selling and distribution costs

For the six months ended 30 June 2026, the Group’s selling and distribution costs were approximately
RMB1,890,051,000 (six months ended 30 June 2025: approximately RMB2,556,399,000). Selling and distribution
costs decreased by 26.1% as compared with the same period last year, which was mainly because the income from
concentrated TCM granules and TCM finished drugs businesses decreased year-on-year, resulting in a decrease in
relevant selling expenses during the Period.




                                              China Traditional Chinese Medicine Holdings Co. Limited • Interim Report 2026   23
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


     Administrative expenses

     For the six months ended 30 June 2026, the Group’s administrative expenses were approximately RMB552,082,000
     (six months ended 30 June 2025: approximately RMB500,543,000), representing an increase of approximately
     10.3% as compared with the same period last year, which was mainly due to: (1) the transfer of certain expenses
     to this account as a result of factors such as the relocation and suspension of operations at some enterprises; and
     (2) the expiration of concentrated TCM granules, resulting in an increase in inventory scrapping.

     Research and development expenses

     For the six months ended 30 June 2026, the Group’s research and development expenses amounted to approximately
     RMB187,513,000, representing a decrease of 26.8% from approximately RMB256,123,000 for the same period
     last year. During the Reporting Period, research and development expenses were mainly used to: (1) improve future
     returns, focusing on research and development of innovative drugs as well as classical formulae; (2) improve quality
     standards, focusing on standards for concentrated TCM granules; and (3) improve future efficiency, focusing on
     research for adaptability research for the production of TCM products.

     Finance costs

     For the six months ended 30 June 2026, the Group’s finance costs were approximately RMB33,911,000 (six months
     ended 30 June 2025: approximately RMB47,203,000), representing a year-on-year decrease, which was mainly
     due to the year-on-year decrease in the Group’s interest-bearing liabilities during the Period. During the Reporting
     Period, the Group’s effective loan interest rate was 2.76% (six months ended 30 June 2025: 2.7%). The Group
     will continue to closely monitor the changes in interest rate, adjust its borrowing and fundraising mechanism as
     appropriate, and refinance or enter into new agreements for existing bank loans, when favourable opportunities
     for bargaining arose.

     Share of results of associates

     For the six months ended 30 June 2026, the Group recorded share of results in associates of approximately
     RMB57,000, and recorded share of results of approximately RMB47,000 in the same period last year. During the
     Period, it was mainly attributed to the recognition of investment losses regarding the Group’s investment in certain
     associates.




24   China Traditional Chinese Medicine Holdings Co. Limited • Interim Report 2026
                                                MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


Profit for the Period

For the six months ended 30 June 2026, the Group’s profit for the Period was approximately
RMB-834,695,000, representing a decrease of 488.8% as compared with approximately
RMB-141,760,000 for the same period last year. The revenue declined significantly year-on-year, and the profit for
the period decreased accordingly. The net profit margin (defined as profit divided by revenue for the period) was
-15.3%, representing a decrease of 13.4 percentage points from -1.9% for the same period last year, which was
mainly attributed to: (1) the decline in sales revenue and profitability of the concentrated TCM granules business
segment as affected by industry policy adjustments and changes in the market environment, which further led to
the impairment of goodwill; (2) the declines in scale of sales and profitability of the concentrated TCM granules
business segment and the Chinese medicinal herbs production and trading business segment; and (3) the increase
in impairment of assets, impairment of credits and additional tax payments made by certain subsidiaries during
the Period, which also contributed to the loss.

Earnings per share

For the six months ended 30 June 2026, basic earnings per share were approximately RMB-15.42 cents, representing
a decrease of 620.6% from basic earnings per share of approximately RMB-2.14 cents for the same period last
year. The decrease in basic earnings per share was because profit attributable to equity holders of the Company
during the Reporting Period decreased by 619.3% to approximately RMB-776,297,000 (six months ended 30 June
2025: approximately RMB-107,918,000).

Liquidity and financial resources

As at 30 June 2026, the Group’s current assets amounted to approximately RMB16,332,124,000 (31 December
2025: approximately RMB17,708,305,000), which included cash, cash equivalents and bank deposits of approximately
RMB3,667,491,000 (31 December 2025: approximately RMB4,044,747,000), of which the pledged bank deposits
amounted to approximately RMB74,923,000 (31 December 2025: approximately RMB102,670,000), mainly for bills
payable security. Trade and other receivables amounted to approximately RMB8,017,385,000 (31 December 2025:
approximately RMB8,844,453,000). Current liabilities amounted to approximately RMB5,916,491,000 (31 December
2025: approximately RMB7,733,585,000). Net current assets aggregated to approximately RMB10,415,633,000
(31 December 2025: approximately RMB9,974,720,000). The Group’s current ratio was 2.8 (31 December 2025:
2.3). The gearing ratio (defined as bank and other loans and bonds payable divided by equity attributable to equity
holders of the Company) decreased from 11.8% as at 31 December 2025 to 6.5%. The decrease in gearing ratio
was mainly due to the repayment of bonds payable.




                                              China Traditional Chinese Medicine Holdings Co. Limited • Interim Report 2026   25
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


     Bank and other borrowings and pledge of assets

     As at 30 June 2026, the balance of bank and other borrowings of the Group was approximately RMB1,273,972,000
     (31 December 2025: approximately RMB1,200,687,000), of which approximately RMB299,124,000 was secured
     borrowings (31 December 2025: approximately RMB293,851,000). Out of the balance of bank and other borrowings,
     approximately RMB849,832,000 and approximately RMB424,140,000 were repayable within one year and over
     one year, respectively (31 December 2025: approximately RMB992,939,000 and approximately RMB207,748,000,
     respectively).


     As at 30 June 2026, the Group’s bank deposits of approximately RMB74,923,000, land use rights with carrying
     value of approximately RMB143,865,000, investment property and property, plant and equipment with carrying
     value of approximately RMB653,173,000 and bills receivable with carrying values of approximately RMB64,667,000
     were pledged to secure certain borrowings and bill financing of the Group (31 December 2025: bank deposits of
     approximately RMB102,670,000, land use rights of approximately RMB84,028,000, investment property and property,
     plant and equipment of approximately RMB637,955,000 and bills receivable of approximately RMB50,440,000 were
     pledged).

     Capital sources

     For the six months ended 30 June 2026, no major financing activity has been carried out by the Group. As at
     30 June 2026, the Group had an unutilised bank credit facility of approximately RMB10,538,228,000, and had
     completed the registration of RMB2,000,000,000 in medium-term notes and RMB3,000,000,000 in ultra-short-term
     commercial papers through the National Association of Financial Market Institutional Investors, both of which had
     not yet been issued. The Group had sufficient working capital and a stable financial position.

     Capital expenditure

     For the six months ended 30 June 2026, the Group’s fixed asset and intangible asset investment expense was
     approximately RMB72,219,000, compared with approximately RMB179,508,000 for the same period last year. During
     the Reporting Period, the capital expenditure was mainly used for the upgrade and replacement of production
     equipment for TCM granules and decoction pieces, as well as for investments in expanding production capacity
     for TCM finished drugs.




26   China Traditional Chinese Medicine Holdings Co. Limited • Interim Report 2026
                                                  MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


Financing capacity

As at 30 June 2026, capital commitments which the Group has entered into but were outstanding and not
provided for in the financial statements were approximately RMB47,427,000 (31 December 2025: approximately
RMB80,655,000). Such capital commitments were mainly used for the construction of plants and purchase of
production facilities. The Group is of the view that with available cash balance, a stable cash inflow from operating
activities, undrawn but already granted bank facilities, and recognition and support from major financial institutions,
the Group will be capable of fully satisfying liquidity needs and the abovementioned funding needs.

Contingent liabilities

The Group did not have any material contingent liabilities as at 30 June 2026 (30 June 2025: nil).

Financial risk

The Group mainly operates in Chinese mainland, with most of its transactions originally denominated and settled
in Renminbi, for which the foreign exchange risk is considered insignificant. As at 30 June 2026, the Group had
no Hong Kong Dollar bank borrowings and did not enter into any forward foreign exchange contracts. In future,
the Group will continue to regularly review its net foreign exchange exposure and take appropriate and timely
measures to mitigate the impact of exchange rate fluctuations.

Employees and remuneration policies

As at 30 June 2026, the Group had a total of 13,755 (30 June 2025: 15,583) employees, including the Directors,
of which 4,510 were sales staff, 4,619 were manufacturing staff, and 4,626 were engaged in research and
development, administration and senior management. Remuneration packages mainly consisted of salary and a
discretionary bonus based on individual performance. The Group’s total remuneration for the Reporting Period was
approximately RMB1,171,458,000 (six months ended 30 June 2025: approximately RMB1,113,036,000).




                                                China Traditional Chinese Medicine Holdings Co. Limited • Interim Report 2026   27
     OTHER INFORMATION

     INTERIM DIVIDEND
     The Board does not recommend the payment of an interim dividend for the six months ended 30 June 2026 (six
     months ended 30 June 2025: Nil).


     DIRECTORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVES’ INTERESTS
     As at 30 June 2026, none of the Directors and chief executives of the Company had interests or short positions
     in the shares, underlying shares and debentures of the Company or any of its associated corporations (within the
     meaning of Part XV of the Securities and Futures Ordinance (the “SFO”)) which were notified to the Company and
     The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “Stock Exchange”) pursuant to Divisions 7 and 8 of Part XV of the
     SFO (including interests or short positions which they were taken or deemed to have under such provisions of the
     SFO), or which were recorded in the register required to be kept by the Company under section 352 of the SFO,
     or which were required, pursuant to the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers (the
     “Model Code”) set out in Appendix C3 to the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on the Stock Exchange
     (the “Listing Rules”), to be notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange.


     SUBSTANTIAL SHAREHOLDERS’ INTERESTS
     As at 30 June 2026, the interests and short positions of the shareholders, other than a Director or chief executive
     of the Company, in the shares and underlying shares of the Company as recorded in the register which were
     required to be kept by the Company under section 336 of the SFO were as follows:

                                                                                                         Approximate
                                                                                                        Percentage of
                                                                                          Number of    Total Interests
     Name of Substantial Shareholders                 Capacity                       Ordinary Shares to Issued Shares

     Sinopharm Hongkong                               Beneficial owner                 1,634,705,642          32.46%
                                                                                       (long position)
                                                                                             (Note 1)

     CNPGC                                            Interest of controlled           1,634,705,642          32.46%
                                                        corporations                   (long position)
                                                                                             (Note 1)

                                                      Beneficial owner                    50,350,000            1.00%
                                                                                       (long position)

     Ping An Life                                     Beneficial owner                   604,296,222          12.00%
                                                                                       (long position)
                                                                                             (Note 2)

     Ping An Group                                    Interest of controlled             604,296,222          12.00%
                                                        corporations                   (long position)
                                                                                             (Note 2)




28   China Traditional Chinese Medicine Holdings Co. Limited • Interim Report 2026
                                                                                                     OTHER INFORMATION


Notes:

1.       The 1,634,705,642 shares are held by Sinopharm Group Hongkong Co., Limited (“Sinopharm Hongkong”), which is indirectly wholly
         owned by China National Pharmaceutical Group Co., Ltd. (“CNPGC”).

2.       The 604,296,222 shares are held by Ping An Insurance Company of China, Ltd. (“Ping An Life”) which is a subsidiary of Ping An (Group)
         Company of China, Ltd. (“Ping An Group”). Ping An Group is deemed to be interested in Ping An Life’s interest in the Company under
         the SFO.


Save as disclosed above, the register which was required to be kept by the Company under section 336 of the
SFO showed that the Company had not been notified of any interests or short positions of the shareholders (other
than a Director or chief executive of the Company) in the shares and underlying shares of the Company as at 30
June 2026.


DIRECTORS’ RIGHTS TO ACQUIRE SHARES AND DEBENTURES
At no time during the Period were there any rights to acquire benefits by means of the acquisition of shares in
or debentures of the Company granted to any Director or their respective spouses or children under 18 years of
age, or were there any such rights exercised by them; or was the Company or any of its subsidiaries a party to any
arrangement to enable the Directors to acquire such rights in any other body corporate.


PURCHASE, SALE OR REDEMPTION OF THE COMPANY’S LISTED SECURITIES
During the six months ended 30 June 2026, neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries purchased, sold or
redeemed any of the Company’s listed securities (including sale of treasury shares, if any). As at 30 June 2026,
the Company did not hold any treasury shares.


CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

Compliance with the Corporate Governance Code

The Company is committed to maintaining high standard of corporate governance. The Company has complied
with all applicable code provisions of the Corporate Governance Code as set out in Appendix C1 to the Listing
Rules throughout the six months ended 30 June 2026.

Model Code for Securities Transactions

The Company has adopted the Model Code set out in Appendix C3 to the Listing Rules as the code of conduct
regarding securities transactions by the Directors. Specific enquiry has been made with all Directors and the Directors
have confirmed that they have complied with the required standard set out in the Model Code throughout the
Reporting Period. Furthermore, senior management who are likely to be in possession of inside information are
also required to comply with the provisions of the Model Code.




                                                           China Traditional Chinese Medicine Holdings Co. Limited • Interim Report 2026         29
     OTHER INFORMATION



     CHANGES IN DIRECTORS’ AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT’S INFORMATION
     Subsequent to the date of the Annual Report 2025 of the Company (20 March 2026) and as of the date of this
     interim report, pursuant to Rule 13.51B(1) of the Listing Rules, changes of information about the Directors and
     senior management of the Company are as follows:

     -    Mr. CHEN Kun was appointed as a non-executive Director and a member of the remuneration and evaluation
          committee of the Board (the “Remuneration and Evaluation Committee”), with effect from 15 May 2026.

     -    Mr. LIU Haijian resigned as a non-executive Director and ceased to serve as a member of the Remuneration
          and Evaluation Committee, with effect from 15 May 2026.

     -    Mr. GUO Jinhong was appointed as an executive Director and the chairman of each of the nomination
          committee of the Board (the “Nomination Committee”) and the strategic committee of the Board (the
          “Strategic Committee”), and was elected as the Chairman of the Board, with effect from 17 July 2026.

     -    Mr. YANG Jun resigned as an executive Director and the Chairman of the Board, and ceased to serve as
          chairman of each of the Nomination Committee and the Strategic Committee, with effect from 17 July 2026.


     REVIEW OF INTERIM RESULTS AND INTERIM REPORT
     The Audit Committee has reviewed the unaudited consolidated financial statements of the Group for the six months
     ended 30 June 2026, including the accounting principles, treatments and practices adopted by the Group and the
     Interim Report 2026 of the Company. The Audit Committee has no disagreement with the accounting principles,
     treatments and practices adopted by the Group.

     By Order of the Board




     GUO Jinhong
     Chairman

     Hong Kong, 28 August 2026




30   China Traditional Chinese Medicine Holdings Co. Limited • Interim Report 2026
                           REPORT ON REVIEW OF INTERIM CONDENSED
                               CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
To the Board of Directors of China Traditional Chinese Medicine Holdings Co. Limited
(Incorporated in Hong Kong with limited liability)


INTRODUCTION

We have reviewed the interim condensed consolidated financial statements set out on pages 33 to 64 which comprise
the interim condensed consolidated statement of financial position of China Traditional Chinese Medicine Holdings
Co. Limited (the “Company”) and its subsidiaries (collectively referred to as the “Group”) as of 30 June 2026 and
the related interim condensed consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income, interim
condensed consolidated statement of changes in equity and interim condensed consolidated statement of cash
flows for the six-month period then ended, and notes to the interim condensed consolidated financial information,
including material accounting policy information (the “interim condensed consolidated financial statements”). The
Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited require the preparation of
a report on interim financial information to be in compliance with the relevant provisions thereof and Hong Kong
Accounting Standard 34 “Interim Financial Reporting” (“HKAS 34”) issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified
Public Accountants. The directors are responsible for the preparation and presentation of the interim condensed
consolidated financial statements in accordance with HKAS 34. Our responsibility is to express a conclusion on
the interim condensed consolidated financial statements based on our review. This report is made solely to you,
as a body, in accordance with our agreed terms of engagement, and for no other purpose. We do not assume
responsibility towards or accept liability to any other person for the contents of this report.


SCOPE OF REVIEW

We conducted our review in accordance with Hong Kong Standard on Review Engagements 2410 “Review of
Interim Financial Information Performed by the Independent Auditor of the Entity” (“HKSRE 2410”) issued by the
Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants. A review of interim financial information consists of making
inquiries, primarily of persons responsible for financial and accounting matters, and applying analytical and other
review procedures. A review is substantially less in scope than an audit conducted in accordance with Hong Kong
Standards on Auditing and consequently does not enable us to obtain assurance that we would become aware
of all significant matters that might be identified in an audit. Accordingly, we do not express an audit opinion.




                                              China Traditional Chinese Medicine Holdings Co. Limited • Interim Report 2026   31
     REPORT ON REVIEW OF INTERIM CONDENSED
     CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

     CONCLUSION

     Based on our review, nothing has come to our attention that causes us to believe that the interim condensed
     consolidated financial statements are not prepared, in all material respects, in accordance with HKAS 34.




     BDO Limited
     Certified Public Accountants
     Chau Ka Kin
     Practising Certificate Number P07445

     Hong Kong, 28 August 2026




32   China Traditional Chinese Medicine Holdings Co. Limited • Interim Report 2026
INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR LOSS AND OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
                                                                             For the six months ended 30 June 2026


                                                                  Notes                 2026                   2025
                                                                                  (Unaudited)             (Unaudited)
                                                                                     RMB’000                RMB’000
REVENUE                                                             4                5,438,498              7,463,383

Cost of sales                                                                       (2,857,654)            (3,828,790)
Gross profit                                                                         2,580,844              3,634,593

Other income                                                        5                   75,410                 91,052
Other gains and losses                                              6                 (613,382)              (262,394)
Impairment losses under expected credit loss model,
  net of reversal                                                   16                (139,185)              (185,875)
Selling and distribution expenses                                                   (1,890,051)            (2,556,399)
Administrative expenses                                                               (552,082)              (500,543)
Research and development expenses                                                     (187,513)              (256,123)
Operating losses                                                                      (725,959)                (35,689)
Finance costs                                                       7                  (33,911)                (47,203)
Share of results of associates                                                             (57)                    (47)
LOSS BEFORE TAX                                                     8                 (759,927)                (82,939)

Income tax expense                                                  9                  (74,768)                (58,821)
LOSS FOR THE PERIOD                                                                   (834,695)              (141,760)
OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
Other comprehensive income that may be reclassified to
 profit or loss in subsequent period:
 Change in fair value on debt instruments measured at
   fair value through other comprehensive income                                          1,811                  6,463
 Reversal of impairment loss recognised for debt
   instruments at fair value through other comprehensive
   income included in profit or loss                                                       (266)                  (724)
 Income tax relating to items that may be reclassified to
   profit or loss                                                                          (148)                  (904)
OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME FOR THE PERIOD,
 NET OF TAX                                                                               1,397                  4,835
TOTAL COMPREHENSIVE INCOME FOR THE PERIOD                                             (833,298)              (136,925)
Loss for the period attributable to:
  Owners of the Company                                                               (776,297)              (107,918)
  Non-controlling interests                                                            (58,398)               (33,842)
                                                                                      (834,695)              (141,760)
Total comprehensive income for the period attributable to:
  Owners of the Company                                                               (774,907)              (103,248)
  Non-controlling interests                                                            (58,391)               (33,677)
                                                                                      (833,298)              (136,925)
LOSS PER SHARE ATTRIBUTABLE TO ORDINARY EQUITY
  HOLDERS OF THE COMPANY
  – Basic and diluted (RMB cents)                                   11                   (15.42)                  (2.14)



                                            China Traditional Chinese Medicine Holdings Co. Limited • Interim Report 2026   33
     INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION
     As at 30 June 2026



                                                                                            30 June   31 December
                                                                                Notes          2026          2025
                                                                                        (Unaudited)       (Audited)
                                                                                           RMB’000        RMB’000

      NON-CURRENT ASSETS
      Property, plant and equipment                                              12       5,851,416     6,123,376
      Right-of-use assets                                                        12       1,045,583     1,064,320
      Investment properties                                                                 152,508       156,387
      Goodwill                                                                   13       1,885,914     2,531,159
      Other intangible assets                                                    13       4,305,141     4,491,572
      Investments in associates                                                              10,666        10,724
      Deposits and prepayments                                                               18,984        12,779
      Deferred tax assets                                                                   266,816       248,807

      Total non-current assets                                                           13,537,028    14,639,124

      CURRENT ASSETS
      Inventories                                                                14       3,748,947     3,710,941
      Trade and other receivables                                                15       8,017,385     8,844,453
      Debt instruments at fair value through other comprehensive
        income (“FVTOCI”)                                                        17         898,301     1,108,164
      Pledged bank deposits                                                     18(a)        74,923       102,670
      Bank balances and cash                                                    18(b)     3,592,568     3,942,077

      Total current assets                                                               16,332,124    17,708,305

      CURRENT LIABILITIES
      Trade and other payables                                                   19       4,843,049     5,327,339
      Lease liabilities                                                                      20,754        18,652
      Contract liabilities                                                                  187,296       136,186
      Interest-bearing bank and other borrowings                                 20         849,832       992,939
      Unsecured notes                                                            21               –     1,221,910
      Tax liabilities                                                                        15,560        36,559

      Total current liabilities                                                           5,916,491     7,733,585

      NET CURRENT ASSETS                                                                 10,415,633     9,974,720

      TOTAL ASSETS LESS CURRENT LIABILITIES                                              23,952,661    24,613,844




34   China Traditional Chinese Medicine Holdings Co. Limited • Interim Report 2026
     INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION
                                                                                                     As at 30 June 2026



                                                                                        30 June           31 December
                                                                    Notes                  2026                  2025
                                                                                    (Unaudited)               (Audited)
                                                                                       RMB’000                RMB’000

 NON-CURRENT LIABILITIES
 Deferred government grants                                                              379,095                385,799
 Deferred tax liabilities                                                                908,801                939,862
 Interest-bearing bank and other borrowings                           20                 424,140                207,748
 Lease liabilities                                                                        45,957                 52,469

 Total non-current liabilities                                                         1,757,993              1,585,878

 Net assets                                                                          22,194,668             23,027,966

 EQUITY
 Equity attributable to owners of the Company
 Share capital                                                        22             11,982,474             11,982,474
 Reserves                                                                             7,712,351              8,487,258

                                                                                     19,694,825             20,469,732
 Non-controlling interests                                                            2,499,843              2,558,234

 Total equity                                                                        22,194,668             23,027,966



Approved and authorised for issue by the Board of directors on 28 August 2026 and signed on its behalf by:




GUO Jinhong                                                      LI Hongjian
Executive Director                                               Executive Director




                                              China Traditional Chinese Medicine Holdings Co. Limited • Interim Report 2026   35
     INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY
     For the six months ended 30 June 2026



                                                                           Attributable to owners of the Company

                                                                            Statutory                                                               Non-
                                                     Share Translation        surplus      FVTOCI         Other    Retained                   controlling
                                                    capital    reserve       reserve*      reserve      reserve      profits     Subtotal       interests      Total
                                                   RMB’000   RMB’000         RMB’000      RMB’000      RMB’000     RMB’000       RMB’000        RMB’000      RMB’000
                                                                               (note)

      Balance at 1 January 2026 (audited)         11,982,474   (165,183)     947,766        (9,370)     (71,180)   7,785,225 20,469,732        2,558,234 23,027,966
      Loss for the period                                  –          –            –             –            –     (776,297)  (776,297)         (58,398)  (834,695)
      Other comprehensive income for the period            –          –            –         1,390            –            –      1,390                7      1,397

      Total comprehensive income for the period            –          –             –        1,390            –    (776,297)      (774,907)      (58,391)     (833,298)

      At 30 June 2026 (unaudited)                 11,982,474   (165,183)     947,766        (7,980)     (71,180)   7,008,928    19,694,825     2,499,843    22,194,668


      Balance at 1 January 2025 (audited)         11,982,474   (165,183)     910,372       (14,870)     (71,180)   8,562,171 21,203,784        2,729,250 23,933,034
      Loss for the period                                  –          –            –             –            –     (107,918)  (107,918)         (33,842)  (141,760)
      Other comprehensive income for the period            –          –            –         4,670            –            –      4,670              165      4,835

      Total comprehensive income for the period            –          –             –        4,670            –     (107,918)     (103,248)      (33,677)     (136,925)
      Dividends distributed to
         non-controlling interests                         –          –             –            –            –            –             –        (6,347)       (6,347)
      Final dividend and special dividend
         distribution (note 10)                            –          –             –            –            –     (397,482)     (397,482)            –      (397,482)

      At 30 June 2025 (unaudited)                 11,982,474   (165,183)     910,372       (10,200)     (71,180)   8,056,771    20,703,054     2,689,226    23,392,280



     Note: As stipulated by the relevant laws and regulations for foreign investment enterprises in the People’s Republic of China (the “PRC”), the
           Company’s PRC subsidiaries are required to maintain a statutory surplus reserve. Appropriation to such reserve is made out of net profit
           after taxation as reflected in the statutory financial statements of the PRC subsidiaries while the amounts and allocation basis are decided
           by their boards of directors annually. The statutory surplus reserve can be used to make up prior-year losses, if any, and can be applied
           in conversion into capital by means of capitalisation.




36   China Traditional Chinese Medicine Holdings Co. Limited • Interim Report 2026
          INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS
                                                                               For the six months ended 30 June 2026



                                                                    Notes                 2026                   2025
                                                                                    (Unaudited)             (Unaudited)
                                                                                       RMB’000                RMB’000

CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES
Cash generated from operations                                                           897,384              1,049,324
PRC enterprise income tax paid                                                          (144,837)              (124,461)

Net cash flows generated from operating activities                                       752,547                924,863

CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES
Purchase of items of property, plant and equipment and
  payment for construction in progress                                                   (89,016)              (166,757)
Purchase of investment properties                                                         (1,005)                     –
Payments for right-of-use assets                                                         (17,798)                     –
Proceeds from disposal of items of property, plant and
  equipment                                                                                5,225                   1,039
Purchase of other intangible assets                                   13                     (63)                 (1,377)
Asset-related government grants received                                                  38,366                  16,320
Decrease in pledged bank deposits                                                         27,747                  46,048
Interest received                                                                         13,951                  17,900

Net cash flows used in investing activities                                              (22,593)                (86,827)

CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES
New bank and other borrowings raised                                  20                 683,273                813,277
Repayment of unsecured notes                                                          (1,200,000)                     –
Repayment of bank and other borrowings                                20                (609,988)            (1,188,972)
Principal portion of lease payments                                                      (12,892)               (13,868)
Interest paid                                                                            (52,919)               (73,438)
Dividend paid to non-controlling interests of subsidiaries                                     –                (25,612)

Net cash flows used in financing activities                                           (1,192,526)              (488,613)

NET (DECREASE)/INCREASE IN CASH AND CASH
  EQUIVALENTS                                                                           (462,572)               349,423
Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period                                       3,867,390              3,798,425
Effect of foreign exchange rate changes                                                   (2,431)                  (125)

CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AT END OF PERIOD                                             3,402,387              4,147,723

ANALYSIS OF BALANCES OF CASH AND CASH
  EQUIVALENTS
Bank balances and cash as stated in the interim condensed
  consolidated statement of financial position                                         3,592,568              4,309,128
Restricted cash                                                     18(b)               (190,181)              (161,405)

Cash and cash equivalents as stated in the interim
 condensed consolidated statement of cash flows                                        3,402,387              4,147,723




                                              China Traditional Chinese Medicine Holdings Co. Limited • Interim Report 2026   37
     NOTES TO INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL INFORMATION
     For the six months ended 30 June 2026


     1. BASIS OF PREPARATION

          The interim condensed consolidated financial information for the six months ended 30 June 2026 has been
          prepared in accordance with HKAS 34 Interim Financial Reporting. The interim condensed consolidated financial
          information does not include all the information and disclosures required in the annual financial statements,
          and should be read in conjunction with the Group’s annual consolidated financial statements for the year
          ended 31 December 2025.

          The financial information relating to the year ended 31 December 2025 that is included in the interim
          condensed consolidated statement of financial position as comparative information does not constitute the
          Company’s statutory annual consolidated financial statements for that year but is derived from those financial
          statements. Further information relating to those statutory financial statements required to be disclosed in
          accordance with section 436 of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance is as follows:

          The Company has delivered the financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2025 to the Registrar
          of Companies as required by section 662(3) of, and Part 3 of Schedule 6 to, the Hong Kong Companies
          Ordinance. The Company’s auditor has reported on the financial statements for the year ended 31 December
          2025. The auditor’s report was unqualified; and did not contain a statement under sections 406(2), 407(2)
          or 407(3) of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance.

          The functional currency of the Company is “Renminbi” (“RMB”), which is the same as the presentation
          currency of the interim condensed consolidated financial statements of the Company.


     2. CHANGES IN ACCOUNTING POLICIES

          The accounting policies adopted in the preparation of the interim condensed consolidated financial information
          are consistent with those applied in the preparation of the Group’s annual consolidated financial statements
          for the year ended 31 December 2025, except for the adoption of the following revised HKFRS Accounting
          Standards for the first time for the current period’s financial information.

          Amendments to HKFRS 9 and HKFRS 7                             Classification and Measurement of Financial
                                                                          Instruments
          Amendments to HKFRS 9 and HKFRS 7                             Contracts Referencing Nature-dependent Electricity
          Annual Improvements to HKFRS                                  Amendments to HKFRS 1, HKFRS 7, HKFRS 9,
          Accounting Standards – Volume 11                                HKFRS 10 and HKAS 7

          The application of the revised HKFRS Accounting Standards in the reporting period has had no material impact
          on the Group’s financial performance and positions for the current and prior periods and/or on the disclosures
          set out in these interim condensed consolidated financial statements.




38   China Traditional Chinese Medicine Holdings Co. Limited • Interim Report 2026
   NOTES TO INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL INFORMATION
                                                                             For the six months ended 30 June 2026


3. OPERATING SEGMENTS INFORMATION

  The Group’s operating and reporting segments have been identified on the basis of internal management
  reports that are regularly reviewed by the executive directors, being the chief operating decision makers
  (“CODM”) of the Group, in order to allocate resources to segments and to assess their performances. The
  Group has four reportable operating segments as follows:

  i.     Yi Fang segment mainly engages in the manufacture and sales of concentrated TCM granules (“CTCMG”),
         TCM healthcare products, and TCM decoction pieces under “Yi Fang” brand. Majority of the revenue
         of Yi Fang segment is derived from the sales of CTCMG.

  ii.    Tian Jiang segment mainly engages in the manufacture and sales of CTCMG, TCM decoction pieces, and
         TCM healthcare products under “Tian Jiang” brand. The Tian Jiang segment also provides a variety of
         Chinese medical related healthcare solutions, including Chinese medical consultation and diagnosis, TCM
         physiotherapy, prescription with concentrated TCM granules, TCM decoction pieces and TCM healthcare
         product (the “TCM Healthcare Solutions”), through its offline medical institutions under “Tian Jiang”
         brand. Majority of the revenue of Tian Jiang segment is derived from the sales of CTCMG.

  iii.   Tong Ji Tang segment mainly engages in the manufacture and sales of CTCMG, TCM decoction pieces
         and TCM finished drugs under “Tong Ji Tang” brand. The Tong Ji Tang segment also engages in the
         manufacture and sales of a wide range of healthcare products in great health industry.

  iv.    Medi-World segment mainly engages in the manufacture and sales of TCM finished drugs under various
         brands, including but not limited to “Medi-World”, “De Zhong” and “Feng Liao Xing”; and provision
         of a variety of TCM Healthcare Solutions through its offline medical institutions under “Feng Liao Xing”
         brand.

  Management monitors the results of the Group’s operating segments for the purpose of making decisions
  about resource allocation and performance assessment. For the purposes of assessing segment performance
  and allocating resources between segments, the CODM then monitors the results, assets and liabilities
  attributable to each reportable segment on the following bases:

  Segment performance is evaluated based on reportable segment results, which is a measure of adjusted profit
  or loss. Adjusted profit or loss is measured consistently with the Group’s loss after tax except that corporate
  expenses in head office are excluded from such measurement. Revenue, cost of sales, other gains and losses
  and all types of expenses are allocated to the reportable segments with reference to the transactions incurred
  by those segments or allocated on a reasonable basis.




                                            China Traditional Chinese Medicine Holdings Co. Limited • Interim Report 2026   39
     NOTES TO INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL INFORMATION
     For the six months ended 30 June 2026


     3. OPERATING SEGMENTS INFORMATION (continued)

          Segment assets exclude deferred tax assets and unallocated head office and corporate assets as these assets
          are managed on a group basis. Segment liabilities exclude tax liabilities, deferred tax liabilities and unallocated
          head office and corporate liabilities as these liabilities are managed on a group basis.

          Intersegment sales and transfers are transacted with reference to the selling prices used for sales made to
          third parties at the then prevailing market prices. Intersegment sales are eliminated on consolidation.

          The following tables present revenue and other segment information for the Group’s operating:

          (i)   Segment results, assets and liabilities

                                                                                  Six months ended 30 June 2026

                                                         Yi Fang      Tian Jiang Tong Ji Tang      Medi-World      Elimination         Total
                                                        RMB’000        RMB’000      RMB’000           RMB’000         RMB’000       RMB’000
                                                     (Unaudited)    (Unaudited) (Unaudited)        (Unaudited)    (Unaudited)    (Unaudited)

                  Segment revenue (note 4)

                  External customers                   1,456,376      1,146,428         823,434      2,012,260              –      5,438,498
                  Intersegment sales                     115,827         78,645         225,888        581,486     (1,001,846)             –

                  Total segment revenue                1,572,203      1,225,073       1,049,322      2,593,746     (1,001,846)     5,438,498

                  Segment results                       (914,202)      (190,963)        136,303       137,376               –       (831,486)

                  Reconciliation:
                  Other unallocated head office
                    and corporate expenses                                                                                            (3,209)

                  Loss for the period                                                                                               (834,695)

                  Other segment information:

                  Interest income                            328            386             131         13,106              –         13,951
                  Finance costs                           (1,983)       (12,074)          3,574        (23,428)             –        (33,911)
                  Share of results of associates               –            (18)              –            (39)             –            (57)
                  Depreciation and amortisation         (227,560)      (175,770)        (58,983)      (110,572)             –       (572,885)
                  Reversal of/(write-down) of
                     inventories                         (11,926)         1,575          (6,268)       (10,964)             –        (27,583)
                  Impairment loss recognised in
                     respect of goodwill                (645,245)             –               –              –              –       (645,245)
                  Impairment losses under the
                     expected credit loss model,
                     net of reversal                     (90,973)       (33,982)         (5,706)        (8,524)             –       (139,185)




40   China Traditional Chinese Medicine Holdings Co. Limited • Interim Report 2026
   NOTES TO INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL INFORMATION
                                                                                    For the six months ended 30 June 2026


3. OPERATING SEGMENTS INFORMATION (continued)

  (i)   Segment results, assets and liabilities (continued)

                                                         Yi Fang      Tian Jiang Tong Ji Tang      Medi-World            Total
                                                        RMB’000        RMB’000      RMB’000           RMB’000         RMB’000
                                                     (Unaudited)    (Unaudited) (Unaudited)        (Unaudited)     (Unaudited)

         As at 30 June 2026 (Unaudited)

         Segment assets                               10,922,853       9,447,589      5,694,729       8,421,871     34,487,042

         Elimination of intersegment receivables                                                                    (4,893,846)
         Deferred tax assets                                                                                           266,816
         Corporate and other unallocated assets                                                                          9,140

         Total assets                                                                                               29,869,152

         Segment liabilities                            2,505,161      2,050,020        793,727       6,292,060     11,640,968

         Elimination of intersegment payables                                                                       (4,893,846)
         Tax liabilities                                                                                                15,560
         Deferred tax liabilities                                                                                      908,801
         Corporate and other unallocated
            liabilities                                                                                                  3,001

         Total liabilities                                                                                           7,674,484




                                                   China Traditional Chinese Medicine Holdings Co. Limited • Interim Report 2026   41
     NOTES TO INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL INFORMATION
     For the six months ended 30 June 2026


     3. OPERATING SEGMENTS INFORMATION (continued)

          (i)   Segment results, assets and liabilities (continued)

                                                                                  Six months ended 30 June 2025

                                                        Yi Fang      Tian Jiang    Tong Ji Tang    Medi-World      Elimination         Total
                                                      RMB’000         RMB’000         RMB’000        RMB’000         RMB’000       RMB’000
                                                    (Unaudited)    (Unaudited)      (Unaudited)    (Unaudited)    (Unaudited)    (Unaudited)

                  Segment revenue (note 4)

                  External customers                  2,450,040     1,598,484        1,081,458      2,333,401              –      7,463,383
                  Intersegment sales                    124,500       164,885          288,543        875,937     (1,453,865)             –

                  Total segment revenue               2,574,540     1,763,369        1,370,001      3,209,338     (1,453,865)     7,463,383

                  Segment results                       (38,194)     (325,352)         116,043        112,128               –      (135,375)

                  Reconciliation:
                  Other unallocated head office
                    and corporate expenses                                                                                           (6,385)

                  Loss for the period                                                                                              (141,760)

                  Other segment information:

                  Interest income                        17,872         7,488             5,580        15,122        (28,162)        17,900
                  Finance costs                         (16,244)      (23,000)             (160)      (35,961)        28,162        (47,203)
                  Share of results of associates              –            (3)                –           (44)             –            (47)
                  Depreciation and amortisation        (245,861)     (185,623)          (55,523)      (90,226)             –       (577,233)
                  Write-down of inventories                (776)      (17,907)           (7,369)       (2,765)             –        (28,817)
                  Impairment loss recognised in
                     respect of goodwill                      –      (242,461)                –             –               –      (242,461)
                  Impairment losses under the
                     expected credit loss model,
                     net of reversal                    (89,558)      (62,264)          (19,162)      (14,891)              –      (185,875)




42   China Traditional Chinese Medicine Holdings Co. Limited • Interim Report 2026
   NOTES TO INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL INFORMATION
                                                                                     For the six months ended 30 June 2026


3. OPERATING SEGMENTS INFORMATION (continued)

  (i)   Segment results, assets and liabilities (continued)

                                                                            Year ended 31 December 2025

                                                          Yi Fang       Tian Jiang   Tong Ji Tang   Medi-World            Total
                                                        RMB’000          RMB’000        RMB’000       RMB’000         RMB’000
                                                      (Unaudited)     (Unaudited)     (Unaudited)   (Unaudited)     (Unaudited)

         As at 31 December 2025 (Audited)

         Segment assets                               13,508,962       9,153,656       6,049,940      9,387,050     38,099,608

         Elimination of intersegment receivables                                                                     (6,236,702)
         Deferred tax assets                                                                                            248,807
         Corporate and other unallocated assets                                                                         235,716

         Total assets                                                                                               32,347,429

         Segment liabilities                            3,229,824      3,033,690         992,353      7,223,921     14,479,788

         Elimination of intersegment payables                                                                        (6,236,702)
         Tax liabilities                                                                                                 36,559
         Deferred tax liabilities                                                                                       939,862
         Corporate and other unallocated
            liabilities                                                                                                 99,956

         Total liabilities                                                                                           9,319,463



  (ii) Geographical information and information about major customers

        Analysis of the Group’s non-current assets by geographical market has not been presented as substantially
        all of the Group’s assets are located in Mainland China, no geographical information as required by
        HKFRS 8 Operating Segments is presented.

        The Group’s customer base is diversified and none of the customers with whom transactions have
        exceeded 10% of the Group’s revenue in both current and prior periods.




                                                   China Traditional Chinese Medicine Holdings Co. Limited • Interim Report 2026   43
     NOTES TO INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL INFORMATION
     For the six months ended 30 June 2026


     4. REVENUE

          (i)   Disaggregation of revenue from contracts with customers

                                                                                     Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                           2026            2025
                                                                                        RMB’000         RMB’000
                                                                                     (Unaudited)      (Unaudited)

                  Types of goods or services
                    Concentrated TCM granules                                          1,932,888        2,990,750
                    TCM finished drugs                                                 1,663,021        2,308,809
                    TCM decoction pieces                                               1,559,603        1,596,128
                    Chinese medicinal herbs integration business                         189,582          445,584
                    TCM great health services                                             93,404          122,112

                  Total                                                                5,438,498        7,463,383



                                                                                     Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                           2026            2025
                                                                                        RMB’000         RMB’000
                                                                                     (Unaudited)      (Unaudited)

                  Geographical markets
                   Chinese Mainland                                                    5,411,576        7,407,775
                   Hong Kong, China                                                       11,740           25,755
                   Overseas and others                                                    15,182           29,853

                  Total                                                                5,438,498        7,463,383

                  Timing of revenue recognition
                    At point in time                                                   5,438,498        7,463,383




44   China Traditional Chinese Medicine Holdings Co. Limited • Interim Report 2026
   NOTES TO INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL INFORMATION
                                                                                            For the six months ended 30 June 2026


4. REVENUE (continued)

   (ii) Set out below is the reconciliation of the revenue from contracts with customers
        to the amounts disclosed in the segment information:

                                                                                                 Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                                       2026                      2025
                                                                                                    RMB’000                   RMB’000
                                                                                                 (Unaudited)                (Unaudited)

             Revenue from contracts with customers
               External customers                                                                    5,438,498                7,463,383
               Intersegment sales                                                                    1,001,846                1,453,865

             Subtotal                                                                                6,440,344                8,917,248

             Intersegment adjustments and eliminations                                              (1,001,846)              (1,453,865)

             Total                                                                                   5,438,498                7,463,383




5. OTHER INCOME

                                                                                                 Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                                       2026                      2025
                                                                                                    RMB’000                   RMB’000
                                                                                                 (Unaudited)                (Unaudited)

     Government grants
       Unconditional subsidies (note (i))                                                                 9,838                   36,857
       Conditional subsidies (note (ii))                                                                 45,070                   31,493
     Interest income on bank deposits                                                                    13,951                   17,900
     Rental income                                                                                        6,551                    4,802

     Total other income                                                                                  75,410                   91,052



   Notes:

   (i)      The amount represents subsidy income received from various government authorities as incentives to the Group to recognise their
            contribution to the local economy.

   (ii)     Including government grants and subsidies have been received to compensate for the Group’s research and development expenditures,
            which relate to future costs to be incurred and require the Group to comply with conditions attached to the grants and the
            government to acknowledge the compliance of these conditions. These grants are recognised in profit or loss when related costs
            are subsequently incurred and the Group receives government’s acknowledgement of compliance. Other government grants have
            been received to compensate for the construction of the production line. The subsidies are recognised in profit or loss over the
            useful lives of the relevant assets.




                                                        China Traditional Chinese Medicine Holdings Co. Limited • Interim Report 2026           45
     NOTES TO INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL INFORMATION
     For the six months ended 30 June 2026


     6. OTHER GAINS AND LOSSES

                                                                                                          Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                                                2026                       2025
                                                                                                             RMB’000                    RMB’000
                                                                                                          (Unaudited)                 (Unaudited)


            Impairment loss recognised in respect of goodwill (note 13)                                        (645,245)                 (242,461)
            Penalty fees (note (i))                                                                              (1,193)                  (17,523)
            Donation                                                                                             (1,050)                   (1,510)
            Loss on disposal of property, plant and equipment                                                    (1,227)                   (3,301)
            Net exchange loss                                                                                    (2,432)                     (136)
            Others (note (ii))                                                                                   37,765                     2,537

            Total                                                                                              (613,382)                 (262,394)



          Notes:

          (i)      Penalty fees mainly represented the penalty fees in relation to the under provision in income taxes in prior periods as disclosed in
                   note 9 Income Tax Expense.

          (ii)     Others mainly represented compensation from the builder, amounting to approximately RMB35,000,000.



     7. FINANCE COSTS

                                                                                                            Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                                                  2026                       2025
                                                                                                               RMB’000                    RMB’000
                                                                                                            (Unaudited)                 (Unaudited)

                 Interest on bank borrowings                                                                        14,921                   24,153
                 Interest on lease liabilities                                                                       1,676                    2,208
                 Effective interest expense on unsecured notes                                                      14,570                   18,689
                 Factoring of trade receivables and discounting of bills                                             2,744                    2,153

                 Total borrowing costs                                                                              33,911                   47,203




46   China Traditional Chinese Medicine Holdings Co. Limited • Interim Report 2026
   NOTES TO INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL INFORMATION
                                                                                            For the six months ended 30 June 2026


8. LOSS BEFORE TAX

  The Group’s loss before tax is arrived at after charging/(crediting):

                                                                                                 Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                Notes                  2026                       2025
                                                                                                    RMB’000                    RMB’000
                                                                                                 (Unaudited)                 (Unaudited)

      Cost of inventories sold                                                                       2,857,654                 3,828,790
      Included: Write-down of inventories
                  to net realisable value*                                                               27,583                    28,817

      Depreciation
      – property, plant and equipment                                                                  335,244                   347,071
      – investment properties                                                                            6,090                     3,734
      – right-of-use assets                                                                             44,257                    30,731
      Amortisation of other intangible assets                                     13                   187,294                   195,697

      Total depreciation and amortisation                                                              572,885                   577,233

      Research and development costs                                                                   187,513                   256,123

      Impairment loss recognised in respect of goodwill                        6 & 13                  645,245                   242,461
      Foreign exchange loss, net                                                  6                      2,432                       136
      Loss on disposal of property, plant and equipment                           6                      1,227                     3,301
      Impairment losses recognised/(reversed) in respect of
      – trade receivables                                                         16                   136,393                   189,717
      – other receivables                                                         16                     3,058                    (3,118)
      – debt instruments at FVTOCI                                                16                      (266)                     (724)


			
  *       The write-down of inventories to net realisable value is included in “Cost of sales” in the interim condensed consolidated statement
          of profit or loss and other comprehensive income.




                                                       China Traditional Chinese Medicine Holdings Co. Limited • Interim Report 2026             47
     NOTES TO INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL INFORMATION
     For the six months ended 30 June 2026


     9. INCOME TAX EXPENSE

          No provision for Hong Kong Profits Tax has been made in the interim condensed consolidated financial
          statements as the Group has no assessable profit in Hong Kong for both periods.

          Under the Law of the People’s Republic of China on Enterprise Income Tax (the “EIT Law”) and Implementation
          Regulation of the EIT Law, the tax rate of the PRC subsidiaries is 25% for both periods. Certain subsidiaries
          of the Group were qualified enterprises located in the western region of the PRC or recognised as advanced
          and new technology enterprises and, accordingly, enjoyed a preferential enterprise income tax rate of 15%.
          Certain subsidiaries of the Company were qualified enterprise with operation of medicinal plants primary
          processing business in the PRC and enjoys a full enterprise income tax exemption.

                                                                                                Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                                      2026                    2025
                                                                                                   RMB’000                 RMB’000
                                                                                                (Unaudited)              (Unaudited)

           Current
            PRC EIT                                                                                    42,191                  75,776
            Under-provision in prior periods (note)                                                    81,832                  37,367
           Deferred                                                                                   (49,255)                (54,322)

           Total tax charge for the period                                                             74,768                  58,821



          Note:

          During the six months ended 30 June 2026, certain subsidiaries of the Company have been inspected by local tax bureaus, or have
          conducted self-inspection following the tax audit notices issued by local tax bureaus, respectively.



     10. DIVIDENDS

          No dividend was proposed for the six months ended 30 June 2026 (six months ended 30 June 2025: nil).




48   China Traditional Chinese Medicine Holdings Co. Limited • Interim Report 2026
   NOTES TO INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL INFORMATION
                                                                              For the six months ended 30 June 2026


11. LOSS PER SHARE ATTRIBUTABLE TO ORDINARY EQUITY HOLDERS OF THE
    COMPANY

   The calculation of the basic loss per share amounts is based on the loss for the period attributable to ordinary
   equity holders of the Company of approximately RMB776,297,000 (six months ended 30 June 2025: loss for
   the period attributable to ordinary equity holders of the Company of approximately RMB107,918,000), and
   the weighted average number of ordinary shares of 5,035,801,000 (30 June 2025: 5,035,801,000) in issue
   during the period.

   The calculations of basic and diluted loss per share are based on:

                                                                                  Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                         2026                   2025
                                                                                      RMB’000                RMB’000
                                                                                   (Unaudited)             (Unaudited)

    Loss
    Loss for the period attributable to the owners of the Company                      (776,297)              (107,918)



                                                                                        Number of shares
                                                                                  Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                            2026                   2025

    Shares
    Weighted average number of ordinary shares for the purpose of
      basic loss per share (in thousand)                                              5,035,801              5,035,801



   No diluted loss per share for both periods was presented as there were no dilutive potential ordinary shares
   in issue during both current and prior periods.




                                             China Traditional Chinese Medicine Holdings Co. Limited • Interim Report 2026   49
     NOTES TO INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL INFORMATION
     For the six months ended 30 June 2026


     12. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT AND RIGHT-OF-USE ASSETS

          During the six months ended 30 June 2026, the Group incurred approximately RMB34,152,000 (six months
          ended 30 June 2025: RMB54,707,000), and RMB37,835,000 (six months ended 30 June 2025: RMB99,699,000)
          on acquisition of property, plant and equipment and construction in progress, respectively.

          Assets with a net book value of approximately RMB6,276,000 were disposed of by the Group during the
          six months ended 30 June 2026 (30 June 2025: RMB29,233,000), resulting in a net loss on disposal of
          approximately RMB1,227,000 (30 June 2025: RMB3,301,000).

          Certain of the Group’s property, plant and equipment and investment properties with carrying values of
          approximately RMB653,173,000 (31 December 2025: RMB637,955,000) were pledged to secure certain bank
          borrowings and bills payables granted to the Group.

          The Group has lease contracts for various items of buildings and other equipment used in its operations. Lump
          sum payments were made upfront to acquire the leased land from the owners with lease periods of 30 to
          50 years, and no ongoing payments will be made under the terms of these land leases. Leases of buildings
          generally have lease terms between 1 to 10 years. Other equipment generally has lease terms of 12 months
          or less and/or is individually of low value. Generally, the Group is restricted from assigning and subleasing
          the leased assets outside the Group. On lease commencement date, the Group recognised right-of-use assets
          of approximately RMB26,365,000 (six months ended 30 June 2025: RMB41,011,000) and lease liabilities of
          approximately RMB26,365,000 (six months ended 30 June 2025: RMB46,667,000), respectively.

          Certain of the Group’s right-of-use assets with carrying values of approximately RMB143,865,000 (31 December
          2025: RMB84,028,000) were pledged to secure certain bank borrowings and bills payables granted to the
          Group.




50   China Traditional Chinese Medicine Holdings Co. Limited • Interim Report 2026
   NOTES TO INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL INFORMATION
                                                                                            For the six months ended 30 June 2026


13. GOODWILL AND OTHER INTANGIBLE ASSETS

                                                                                                                             Intangible
                                                                                                     Goodwill                    assets
                                                                                                     RMB’000                   RMB’000

   Cost and carrying amount:

   At 1 January 2026 (audited)                                                                       2,531,159                4,491,572
   Additions                                                                                                 –                       63
   Transfer from construction in progress                                                                    –                      800
   Amortisation for the period                                                                               –                 (187,294)
   Impairment loss (note)                                                                             (645,245)                       –

   At 30 June 2026 (unaudited)                                                                       1,885,914                4,305,141



  Note:

  In addition to goodwill and trademarks (part of intangible assets) above, property, plant and equipment, other intangible assets with finite
  useful lives and right-of-use assets that generate cash flows together with the related goodwill and trademarks are also included in the
  respective Cash generating units (“CGUs”) for the purpose of impairment assessment.

  During the six months ended 30 June 2026, the management of the Group has recognised an impairment loss of approximately
  RMB645,245,000 in relation to goodwill allocated to the CGU of Jiangyin Yifang, primarily due to industry policies adjustment and market
  environment changes to the concentrated TCM granules business. As a result, a provision for goodwill impairment was made in CGU of
  Jiangyin Yifang. The impairment loss has been included in profit or loss in the other gains and losses line item.

  The basis of the recoverable amount of the above CGU and its major underlying assumptions are summarised below:


                                           Average growth rate                Growth rate beyond                        Pre-tax
                                           for five-year period                  the fifth year                     discount rates
                                             30 June     31 December           30 June      31 December           30 June     31 December
                                                2026            2025              2026             2025              2026            2025

   Jiangyin Yifang                            7.65%             2.98%            2.30%            2.30%             9.48%            9.55%



  During the six months ended 30 June 2025, the management of the Group has recognised an impairment loss of approximately
  RMB242,461,000 in relation to goodwill allocated to the CGU of Jiangyin Tianjiang, primarily due to its underperformance of the concentrated
  TCM granules business. As a result, a provision for goodwill impairment was made in CGU of Jiangyin Tianjiang. The impairment loss has
  been included in profit or loss in the other gains and losses line item.




                                                       China Traditional Chinese Medicine Holdings Co. Limited • Interim Report 2026             51
     NOTES TO INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL INFORMATION
     For the six months ended 30 June 2026


     13. GOODWILL AND OTHER INTANGIBLE ASSETS (continued)
          Note: (continued)

          The basis of the recoverable amount of the above CGU and its major underlying assumptions are summarised below:

                                                    Average growth rate                Growth rate beyond                         Pre-tax
                                                    for five-year period                  the fifth year                      discount rates
                                                     30 June      31 December           30 June      31 December            30 June     31 December
                                                        2025             2024              2025             2024               2025            2024

           Jiangyin Tianjiang                          2.65%             8.32%            2.30%             2.30%            9.75%           10.09%



          In the opinion of the Directors, no additional impairment loss of other CGUs was recognised during the six months ended 30 June 2026
          and 2025.

          The recoverable amount of the CGU is determined based on value-in-use calculation. The recoverable amount of the CGU as at 30 June
          2026 has been arrived at based on the value-in-use calculation carried out on 30 June 2026 by independent qualified professional valuer.
          The key assumptions used in the value-in-use calculation are those regarding the discount rate, growth rate, budgeted sales and gross
          profit margin. The changes in selling prices and costs are based on historical operating records and expectation of future changes in the
          market. Discount rate applied is able to reflect the current market assessments of the time value of money and the risks specific to the CGU.


          For the purpose of impairment testing, goodwill and other intangible assets with indefinite useful lives have been allocated to the respective
          CGU. The Group determined the value-in-use by preparing cash flow projections of the CGU derived from the most recent financial forecast
          approved by the management covering a 5-year period with an average sales growth rate as mentioned below. Cash flows beyond the
          fifth year are extrapolated using an estimated growth rate as mentioned below. Other key assumptions for the value-in-use calculation
          relate to the estimation of cash flow projection which include gross margin, such estimation is based on the CGU’s past performance and
          management’s expectations for the market development. The discount rate reflects specific risks relating to the CGU.

          Management believes that any reasonably possible change in any of these assumptions would not cause the aggregate carrying amount
          of the above CGU that contain goodwill and other intangible assets with indefinite useful lives to exceed its recoverable amount.



     14. INVENTORIES

                                                                                                              30 June                 31 December
                                                                                                                 2026                        2025
                                                                                                             RMB’000                      RMB’000
                                                                                                          (Unaudited)                     (Audited)

           Raw materials                                                                                        931,827                   882,402
           Work in progress                                                                                   1,183,162                 1,106,803
           Finished goods                                                                                     1,633,958                 1,721,736

           Total                                                                                              3,748,947                 3,710,941



          As at 30 June 2026, there was a provision for inventories write-down with the amount of approximately
          RMB272,660,000 (31 December 2025: RMB248,793,000).




52   China Traditional Chinese Medicine Holdings Co. Limited • Interim Report 2026
   NOTES TO INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL INFORMATION
                                                                            For the six months ended 30 June 2026


15. TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES

                                                                                     30 June           31 December
                                                                                        2026                  2025
                                                                                    RMB’000                RMB’000
                                                                                 (Unaudited)               (Audited)

    Trade receivables                                                               8,157,137              8,781,421
    Less: allowance for credit losses                                                (539,049)              (402,772)

                                                                                    7,618,088              8,378,649

    Deposits and prepayments                                                          128,245                131,474
    Advance tax payments                                                              137,328                159,630
    Other receivables                                                                 199,944                237,862
    Less: allowance for credit losses                                                 (66,220)               (63,162)

                                                                                      399,297                465,804

    Total                                                                           8,017,385              8,844,453



   The Group allows a credit period within 365 days to trade customers including distributors, hospitals and
   primary health care institutions.

   An ageing analysis of the trade receivables as at the end of the reporting period, based on the invoice date
   is as follows:

                                                                                     30 June           31 December
                                                                                        2026                  2025
                                                                                    RMB’000                RMB’000
                                                                                 (Unaudited)               (Audited)

    0 to 90 days                                                                    2,836,010              4,421,725
    91 to 180 days                                                                  1,902,166              2,001,677
    181 to 365 days                                                                 2,416,265              1,658,121
    Over 365 days                                                                   1,002,696                699,898

    Total                                                                           8,157,137              8,781,421




                                           China Traditional Chinese Medicine Holdings Co. Limited • Interim Report 2026   53
     NOTES TO INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL INFORMATION
     For the six months ended 30 June 2026


     16. IMPAIRMENT ASSESSMENT ON FINANCIAL ASSETS AND OTHER ITEMS
         SUBJECT TO EXPECTED CREDIT LOSS (“ECL”) MODEL

                                                                                     Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                           2026                 2025
                                                                                        RMB’000              RMB’000
                                                                                     (Unaudited)           (Unaudited)

           Impairment losses recognised/(reversed) in respect of
             – trade receivables                                                          136,393              189,717
             – other receivables                                                            3,058               (3,118)
             – debt instruments at FVTOCI                                                    (266)                (724)

           Total                                                                          139,185              185,875



          The basis of the determination of the inputs and assumptions and the estimation techniques used in the
          condensed consolidated financial statements for the six months ended 30 June 2026 are the same as those
          followed in the preparation of the Group’s annual consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31
          December 2025.


     17. DEBT INSTRUMENTS AT FVTOCI

                                                                                         30 June         31 December
                                                                                            2026                2025
                                                                                        RMB’000              RMB’000
                                                                                     (Unaudited)             (Audited)

           Bills receivable                                                               898,301            1,108,164



          The amounts represent the bills receivables that were held under the “hold to collect and sell” business model.
          As at 30 June 2026, the Group’s debt instruments at FVTOCI amounted to approximately RMB64,667,000
          (31 December 2025: RMB50,440,000) were pledged as security for bank facilities of bills payables and bank
          borrowings granted to the Group.




54   China Traditional Chinese Medicine Holdings Co. Limited • Interim Report 2026
   NOTES TO INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL INFORMATION
                                                                          For the six months ended 30 June 2026


18. PLEDGED BANK DEPOSITS AND BANK BALANCES AND CASH

  (a) Pledged bank deposits

     The amounts represent the guarantee deposits for bills payables and carried interest at market rates
     ranging from 0.05% to 1.20% per annum (31 December 2025: 0% to 1.20%).

  (b) Bank balances and cash

     Included in bank balances and cash is approximately RMB3,402,387,000 (31 December 2025:
     RMB3,867,390,000) which represents cash held by the Group and short-term deposits carried interest
     at prevailing market rates ranging from 0% to 1.50% per annum (31 December 2025: 0% to 1.30%
     per annum) with original maturity of three months or less as at 30 June 2026.

     The remaining of bank balances were restricted cash of approximately RMB190,181,000 (31 December
     2025: RMB74,687,000), in which RMB164,100,000 (31 December 2025: RMB33,970,000) represents
     the cash collected on behalf of factoring institutions under the non-recourse factoring arrangement of
     trade receivables with the Group.

     Included in pledged bank deposits/bank balances and cash are approximately RMB4,250,000 (31 December
     2025: RMB6,209,000) and RMB2,052,000 (31 December 2025: RMB1,500,000), which are denominated
     in HK$ and US$, respectively, the currencies other than functional currency of the relevant group entities.

     Cash at banks earns interest at floating rates based on daily bank deposit rates. The bank balances and
     deposits are deposited with creditworthy banks with no recent history of default.




                                         China Traditional Chinese Medicine Holdings Co. Limited • Interim Report 2026   55
     NOTES TO INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL INFORMATION
     For the six months ended 30 June 2026


     19. TRADE AND OTHER PAYABLES

                                                                                                        30 June             31 December
                                                                                                           2026                    2025
                                                                                                       RMB’000                  RMB’000
                                                                                                    (Unaudited)                 (Audited)

           Trade payables                                                                              1,289,414               1,436,045
           Bills payables                                                                                725,079                 771,158
           Deposits received from distributors                                                           980,429                 977,931
           Salaries and welfare payables                                                                 343,498                 458,199
           Other tax payables                                                                            104,022                 195,025
           Accrual of operating expenses                                                                 743,096                 979,657
           Dividend payables                                                                              47,651                  47,706
           Consideration payable for acquisition of subsidiaries                                           3,550                   3,550
           Collection of accounts receivable on behalf of financial
             institutions that entered into the non-recourse factoring
             arrangement with the Group                                                                  164,100                   33,970
           Refund liabilities                                                                             31,171                   58,674
           Other payables (note)                                                                         411,039                  365,424

           Total                                                                                       4,843,049               5,327,339



          Note:

          Payables mainly include payables for acquisition of equipment, collection and payment on behalf of centralised procurement funds and
          output VAT payable arising from advance payments from customers.


          An ageing analysis of the trade and bills payables as at the end of the reporting period, based on the invoice
          date, is as follows:

                                                                                                        30 June             31 December
                                                                                                           2026                    2025
                                                                                                       RMB’000                  RMB’000
                                                                                                    (Unaudited)                 (Audited)

           0 to 90 days                                                                                1,327,700               1,430,162
           91 to 180 days                                                                                360,426                 403,288
           181 to 365 days                                                                               240,934                 312,347
           Over 365 days                                                                                  85,433                  61,406

           Total                                                                                       2,014,493               2,207,203




56   China Traditional Chinese Medicine Holdings Co. Limited • Interim Report 2026
   NOTES TO INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL INFORMATION
                                                                             For the six months ended 30 June 2026


20. INTEREST-BEARING BANK AND OTHER BORROWINGS

   During the current interim period, the Group obtained new bank and other borrowings amounting to
   approximately RMB683,273,000 (six months ended 30 June 2025: RMB813,277,000), repaid bank and other
   borrowings amounting to approximately RMB609,988,000 (six months ended 30 June 2025: RMB1,188,972,000).
   The loans carried interest at fixed market rates ranging from 0.29% to 3.65% and were repayable in instalments
   over a period ranging from 1 month to 6 years.


21. UNSECURED NOTES

   On 18 May 2023, the Company issued RMB1,200,000,000 medium-term notes with a three-year maturity
   and a 3.04% annual coupon rate, which were fully repaid on 18 May 2026.


22. SHARE CAPITAL

                                         30 June          31 December                 30 June           31 December
                                            2026                 2025                    2026                  2025
                                             ’000                 ’000               RMB’000                RMB’000
                                     (Unaudited)              (Audited)           (Unaudited)               (Audited)

    Authorised                           Unlimited number of ordinary shares with no par value

    Issued and fully paid               5,035,801             5,035,801            11,982,474             11,982,474




                                            China Traditional Chinese Medicine Holdings Co. Limited • Interim Report 2026   57
     NOTES TO INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL INFORMATION
     For the six months ended 30 June 2026


     23. TRANSFERS OF FINANCIAL ASSETS

          Transferred financial assets that are derecognised in their entirety

          During the period, the Group endorsed certain bills receivable for the settlement of trade and other payables.
          In the opinion of the directors of the Company, the Group has transferred the significant risks and rewards
          relating to these bills receivable, and the Group’s obligations to the corresponding counterparties were
          discharged in accordance with the commercial practice in the PRC and the risk of the default in payment
          of the endorsed and discounted bills receivable is low because all endorsed and discounted bills receivable
          are issued and guaranteed by reputable PRC banks. As a result, the relevant assets and liabilities were not
          recognised on the condensed consolidated financial statements. The maximum exposure to the Group that
          may result from the default of these endorsed and discounted bills receivable at the end of the reporting
          period are as follows:

                                                                                         30 June         31 December
                                                                                            2026                2025
                                                                                        RMB’000              RMB’000
                                                                                     (Unaudited)             (Audited)

           Outstanding endorsed and discounted bills
            receivable with recourse                                                     106,505              131,279



          During the six months ended 30 June 2026, the Group has not recognised any gain or loss on the date of
          transfer of the derecognised bills. No gains or losses were recognised from the continuing involvement, both
          during the period or cumulatively. The endorsement has been made evenly throughout the period.




58   China Traditional Chinese Medicine Holdings Co. Limited • Interim Report 2026
   NOTES TO INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL INFORMATION
                                                                           For the six months ended 30 June 2026


24. PLEDGED ASSETS

   The following assets were pledged as securities for notes payable and interest-bearing bank and other
   borrowings:

                                                                                    30 June           31 December
                                                                                       2026                  2025
                                                                                   RMB’000                RMB’000
                                                                                (Unaudited)               (Audited)

    Property, plant and equipment and investment properties                          653,173                637,955
    Right-of-use assets                                                              143,865                 84,028
    Debt instruments at FVOCI                                                         64,667                 50,440
    Pledged bank deposits                                                             74,923                102,670

    Total                                                                            936,628                875,093




25. CAPITAL COMMITMENTS

   The Group had the following capital commitments at the end of the reporting period:

                                                                                    30 June           31 December
                                                                                       2026                  2025
                                                                                   RMB’000                RMB’000
                                                                                (Unaudited)               (Audited)

    Contracted for but not provided:

      – Acquisition of property, plant and equipment                                  47,427                  80,655

    Total                                                                             47,427                  80,655




                                          China Traditional Chinese Medicine Holdings Co. Limited • Interim Report 2026   59
     NOTES TO INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL INFORMATION
     For the six months ended 30 June 2026


     26. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS

          (a) Names of the Group’s principal related parties and their relationship with the
              Group:

                  Name of related parties                                        Relationship

                  China National Pharmaceutical                                  Ultimate controlling party
                   Group Corporation’s (“CNPGC”)
                  CNPGC’s subsidiaries other than the Group                      Fellow subsidiaries of the Group

          (b) During the current interim period, the Group had the following transactions with
              related parties during the period:

                                                                                             Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                                   2026                  2025
                                                                                                RMB’000               RMB’000
                                                                                             (Unaudited)            (Unaudited)

                  (i)    Sale of finished goods to CNPGC’s subsidiaries other
                           than the Group                                                         508,057              647,203

                  (ii)   Purchase of raw materials from CNPGC’s subsidiaries
                           other than the Group                                                    34,744               42,104

                  (iii) Other purchase from CNPGC’s subsidiaries other than
                         the Group                                                                  6,138                4,829

                  (iv) Rental income from CNPGC’s subsidiaries other than
                         the Group                                                                  1,491                1,747

                  (v)    Interest income from CNPGC’s subsidiaries other than
                           the Group                                                                     4                 596

                  (vi) Interest expense to CNPGC’s subsidiaries other than
                         the Group                                                                  3,507                5,084




60   China Traditional Chinese Medicine Holdings Co. Limited • Interim Report 2026
   NOTES TO INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL INFORMATION
                                                                            For the six months ended 30 June 2026


26. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (continued)

   (c) Particulars of significant balances between the Group and the related parties are
       as follows:

                                                                                     30 June           31 December
                                                                                        2026                  2025
                                                                                    RMB’000                RMB’000
                                                                                 (Unaudited)               (Audited)

        (i)    Trade and other receivables due from CNPGC’s
                 subsidiaries other than the Group as included in
                 trade and other receivables set out in note 15                       702,109                700,136

        (ii)   Trade and other payables due to CNPGC’s
                 subsidiaries other than the Group as included in
                 trade and other payables set out in note 19                           19,425                  31,090

        (iii) Borrowing due to CNPGC’s subsidiaries other than
                the Group as interest-bearing bank and other
                borrowings set out in note 20                                         216,127                390,763



   (d) Key management remuneration

       Remuneration for key management personnel of the Group is as follows:

                                                                                Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                       2026                   2025
                                                                                    RMB’000                RMB’000
                                                                                 (Unaudited)             (Unaudited)

        Short-term employee benefits                                                     6,450                  6,354
        Post-employment benefits                                                           245                    250

        Total compensation paid to key management personnel                              6,695                  6,604




                                           China Traditional Chinese Medicine Holdings Co. Limited • Interim Report 2026   61
     NOTES TO INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL INFORMATION
     For the six months ended 30 June 2026


     26. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (continued)

          (e) Transactions/balances with other state-controlled entities

                The Group itself is part of a large group of companies under CNPGC, which is controlled by the government
                of the PRC. Apart from the transactions with the parent company and its subsidiaries which have been
                disclosed in other notes to the interim condensed consolidated financial statements, the Group also
                conducts businesses with entities directly or indirectly owned or controlled, jointly controlled or significantly
                influenced by the PRC government (“stated-controlled entities”) in the ordinary course of business. The
                directors of the Company consider those entities other than the CNPGC group are independent third
                parties as far as the Group’s business transactions with them are concerned. In establishing its pricing
                strategies and approval process for transactions with other state-controlled entities, the Group does not
                differentiate whether the counterparty is a state-controlled entity or not. The Group is of the opinion
                that it has provided, in the best of its knowledge, adequate and appropriate disclosure of related party
                transactions in the interim condensed consolidated financial statements.

                The Group has bank balances deposited in and entered into various transactions, including sales,
                purchases, borrowings and other operating expenses, with other state-controlled entities during the
                current period in which the directors of the Company are of the opinion that it is impracticable to
                ascertain the identity of the controlling parties of these counterparties and accordingly whether the
                counterparties are state-controlled entities.


     27. FAIR VALUE AND FAIR VALUE HIERARCHY OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS

          Some of the Group’s financial assets are measured at fair value at the end of each reporting period. The
          following table gives information about how the fair values of these financial assets are determined (in
          particular, the valuation technique(s) and inputs used), as well as the level of the fair value hierarchy into
          which the fair value measurements are categorised (Levels 1 to 3) based on the degree to which the inputs
          to the fair value measurements is observable.

          •     Level 1 fair value measurements are those derived from quoted prices (unadjusted) in active market for
                identical assets or liabilities;

          •     Level 2 fair value measurements are those derived from inputs other than quoted prices included within
                Level 1 that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly (i.e. as prices) or indirectly (i.e. derived
                from prices); and

          •     Level 3 fair value measurements are those derived from valuation techniques that include inputs for the
                asset or liability that are not based on observable market data (unobservable inputs).




62   China Traditional Chinese Medicine Holdings Co. Limited • Interim Report 2026
   NOTES TO INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL INFORMATION
                                                                             For the six months ended 30 June 2026


27. FAIR VALUE AND FAIR VALUE HIERARCHY OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
    (continued)

   Fair value of the Group’s financial assets that are measured at fair value on a recurring
   basis

                                                                          Fair value Valuation technique and
    Financial assets                        Fair value as at              hierarchy key inputs
                                          30 June       31 December
                                             2026              2025
                                         RMB’000            RMB’000
                                      (Unaudited)           (Audited)

    Financial assets at FVTOCI
    Bills receivable                       898,301         1,108,164      Level 3        Discounted cash flow at a
                                                                                          discount rate that reflects
                                                                                          the issuer’s current
                                                                                          discount rate at the end
                                                                                          of the reporting period



   There were no transfers between level 1, 2 and 3 during both current and prior periods.

   The movements in fair value measurements within level 3 during the period/year are as follows:

                                                                                        2026                    2025
                                                                                     RMB’000                 RMB’000
                                                                                  (Unaudited)                (Audited)

    Debt instruments at fair value through other comprehensive
     income (“FVTOCI”)

    At 1 January                                                                     1,108,164              1,469,238
    Change in fair value recognised in other comprehensive income                        1,545                  5,928
    Additions                                                                        1,945,963                      –
    Disposals                                                                       (2,157,371)              (367,002)

    At 30 June/31 December                                                             898,301              1,108,164



   Except as disclosed below, the directors of the Company consider that the carrying amounts of financial assets
   and financial liabilities recorded at amortised cost in the interim condensed consolidated financial statements
   approximate their fair values at the end of the reporting period.




                                            China Traditional Chinese Medicine Holdings Co. Limited • Interim Report 2026   63
     NOTES TO INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL INFORMATION
     For the six months ended 30 June 2026


     27. FAIR VALUE AND FAIR VALUE HIERARCHY OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
         (continued)

          Unsecured notes

                                                                                         30 June      31 December
                                                                                            2026             2025
                                                                                        RMB’000           RMB’000
                                                                                     (Unaudited)          (Audited)

           Carrying amount                                                                     –         1,221,910

           Fair value under level 2 fair value hierarchy                                       –         1,222,965



          The fair values of the financial liabilities included in the level 2 category above have been determined in
          accordance with generally accepted pricing models based on a discounted cash flow analysis, with the most
          significant inputs being the discount rate that reflects the credit risk of the Company.


     28. APPROVAL OF THE INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
         STATEMENTS

          These interim condensed consolidated financial statements were approved and authorised for issue by the
          Board of directors on 28 August 2026.




64   China Traditional Chinese Medicine Holdings Co. Limited • Interim Report 2026
