       2024 Interim Report
    2024 中期報告                China Traditional Chinese Medicine Holdings Co. Limited   2024 Interim Report
中
國
中
藥
控
股
有
限
公
司
       2024 中期報告
                                                                            CONTENTS



                                                  CORPORATE INFORMATION                          2
                           MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS                                    3
                                                          OTHER INFORMATION                    27
                                             INDEPENDENT REVIEW REPORT                         30
    INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR LOSS                                 31
                             AND OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION                                 32
INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY                                  34
      INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS                                   35
NOTES TO INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL INFORMATION                                  36




                      China Traditional Chinese Medicine Holdings Co. Limited • Interim Report 2024   1
    CORPORATE INFORMATION

    BOARD OF DIRECTORS                                                STRATEGIC COMMITTEE
    Executive Director                                                Mr. CHEN Yinglong (Chairman)
                                                                      Mr. CHENG Xueren
    Mr. CHEN Yinglong (Chairman)                                      Mr. YANG Wenming
                                                                      Mr. YU Tze Shan Hailson
    Non-executive Directors                                           Mr. QIN Ling
    Mr. CHENG Xueren
    Mr. YANG Wenming                                                  REGISTERED OFFICE
    Ms. LI Ru
    Mr. YANG Binghua                                                  Room 1601, Emperor Group Centre
    Mr. WANG Kan                                                      288 Hennessy Road
    Mr. MENG Qingxin                                                  Wanchai
                                                                      Hong Kong
    Independent Non-executive Directors
                                                                      Tel: (852) 2854 3393
    Mr. XIE Rong                                                      Fax: (852) 2544 1269
    Mr. YU Tze Shan Hailson                                           Email: publicrelation@china-tcm.com.cn
    Mr. QIN Ling
    Mr. LI Weidong
                                                                      STOCK CODE
    JOINT COMPANY SECRETARIES                                         The shares of China Traditional Chinese Medicine
                                                                      Holdings Co. Limited are listed on The Stock Exchange
    Mr. ZHAO Dongji                                                   of Hong Kong Limited
    Ms. NG Sau Mei
                                                                      Stock code: 00570
    AUDIT COMMITTEE
    Mr. XIE Rong (Chairman)                                           AUDITOR
    Mr. YU Tze Shan Hailson
    Mr. QIN Ling                                                      Ernst & Young
    Mr. LI Weidong                                                    Certified Public Accountants
                                                                      Registered Public Interest Entity Auditor
                                                                      27/F., One Taikoo Place
    REMUNERATION AND EVALUATION                                       979 King’s Road
    COMMITTEE                                                         Quarry Bay
                                                                      Hong Kong
    Mr. QIN Ling (Chairman)
    Mr. XIE Rong
    Mr. YU Tze Shan Hailson                                           SHARE REGISTRAR AND TRANSFER
    Mr. LI Weidong                                                    OFFICE
    NOMINATION COMMITTEE                                              Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited
                                                                      Shops 1712-1716
    Mr. CHEN Yinglong (Chairman)                                      17th Floor, Hopewell Centre
    Mr. CHENG Xueren                                                  183 Queen’s Road East
    Mr. YANG Wenming                                                  Wanchai
    Mr. XIE Rong                                                      Hong Kong
    Mr. YU Tze Shan Hailson
    Mr. QIN Ling                                                      PRINCIPAL BANKS
    Mr. LI Weidong
                                                                      China Merchants Bank Co., Ltd.
                                                                      Ping An Bank Co., Ltd.
                                                                      Industrial and Commercial Bank of China Limited
                                                                      Bank of China (Hong Kong) Limited

                                                                      WEBSITE
                                                                      www.china-tcm.com.cn



2   China Traditional Chinese Medicine Holdings Co. Limited • Interim Report 2024
                            MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

INTRODUCTION

The board (the “Board”) of directors (the “Directors”) of China Traditional Chinese Medicine Holdings Co. Limited
(the “Company”) is pleased to announce the unaudited consolidated results of the Company and its subsidiaries
(collectively referred to as the “Group”) prepared under Hong Kong Financial Reporting Standards for the six
months ended 30 June 2024 (the “Reporting Period”, the “Period”), together with comparative figures for the
corresponding period of 2023 and relevant explanatory notes. The consolidated results are unaudited but have
been reviewed by the Company’s independent auditor, Ernst & Young, and the audit committee of the Company
(the “Audit Committee”).


OVERVIEW

During the Reporting Period, the Group’s revenue was approximately RMB8,385,473,000, representing a decrease
of 9.9% compared with approximately RMB9,302,957,000 for the same period last year. Among them, revenue
from Chinese medicinal herbs integration business was approximately RMB754,277,000, representing 9.0% of the
total revenue. Revenue from TCM decoction pieces business was approximately RMB1,576,914,000, representing
18.8% of the total revenue. The concentrated TCM granules business contributed a revenue of approximately
RMB3,479,735,000, representing 41.5% of the total revenue. Revenue from the TCM finished drugs business was
approximately RMB2,418,349,000, representing 28.8% of the total revenue. Revenue from the TCM great health
business was approximately RMB156,198,000, representing 1.9% of the total revenue.

Gross profit was approximately RMB4,061,254,000, representing a decrease of 14.6% compared with approximately
RMB4,757,976,000 for the same period last year. Gross profit margin was 48.4%, representing a decrease of 2.7
percentage points compared with 51.1% for the same period last year, which was mainly due to the decrease
in the sales price of concentrated TCM granules after centralized procurement and the increase in raw material
procurement costs.


BUSINESS REVIEW

During the Reporting Period, the Group anchored the vision of “all-round construction of a sustainable, mutually
synergistic, and jointly developed TCM healthcare industry chain to create an industry-leading TCM healthcare
industry group”, completed the mid-term adjustment of the “14th Five-Year” strategic plan, and determined the
five business sectors of “Chinese medicinal herbs integration business, TCM decoction pieces, concentrated TCM
granules, TCM finished drugs, TCM great health”. The Group strengthened the advantages of overall coordination
and resource integration, implemented in-depth actions to deepen the reform and enhancement, gave full play
to the leading role of technological innovation to accelerate the nurturing of new quality productive forces, and
comprehensively improved the level of compliance governance. The development of the whole TCM healthcare
industry chain has thus become more resilient with sustainable growth capabilities.




                                             China Traditional Chinese Medicine Holdings Co. Limited • Interim Report 2024   3
    MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


    The Group focused on promoting the major brand strategy of “Sino-TCM”. The “Sino-TCM” brand and the core
    TCM finished drug product “Yu Ping Feng Granules” (玉屏風顆粒) made a prominent debut on CCTV-1 and
    CCTV-8 during the evening prime time. The “Sino-TCM” branded series of great health products were unveiled at
    the 110th Sugar and Wine Festival. The above has created brand consensus with “Central State-owned Enterprise
    Quality · Sino-TCM”, and effectively shaped and improved brand value and influence. During the Reporting Period,
    “China Traditional Chinese Medicine” and “Zhonglian” brands were recognized by the PRC as “Chinese Time-
    honored Brands”.

    On 30 June 2024, the Annual ESG Action Report was jointly released by the Financial Program Center of China
    Media Group with the State-owned Assets Supervision and Administration Commission of the State Council, the
    All-China Federation of Industry and Commerce, the Institute of Economics of the Chinese Academy of Social
    Sciences, the China Enterprise Reform and Development Society and other authoritative institutions and departments.
    The Group was selected as one of the “China ESG Listed Companies Pioneer 100” again, ranking 25th in the
    overall list and still first in the pharmaceutical companies. The Group was also selected as the “Typical Case of
    Social Responsibility of Rural Revitalization Enabling Plan” (鄉村振興賦能計劃社會責任典型案例) in the 3rd Rural
    Revitalization Brand Festival.

    I.   Refine and Adjust Strategic Goals to Consolidate the Competitive Advantages of the
         Whole Industry Chain

         (I)   Chinese medicinal herbs integration business

               TCM resources are the foundation and guarantee for the sustainable development of TCM industry.
               While expanding the scale of base construction and maintaining its leadership in the industry, the
               Group focuses on the quality and sustainability of Chinese medicinal herbs, and continues to promote
               the construction of Good Agricultural Practice for Chinese medicinal herbs (the “Chinese medicinal
               herbs GAP”) bases that meet policy requirements and the Company’s development needs. The Group
               integrates and creates a multi-level base guarantee system to address problems such as industrial support,
               common technical bottlenecks, and seed sources guarantee. The Group has jointly built a total of 178
               production bases for Chinese medicinal herbs in 23 provinces (regions and municipalities) across the
               country, covering an area of 415,000 mu, of which 98 varieties achieved traceability; it has built a total
               of 23 breeding bases, covering an area of 4,688.53 mu. As of 30 June 2024, the Group’s honeysuckle,
               lonicera japonica, gardenia, cinnamon, cassia twig and rhizoma sparganii varieties have passed the
               compliance inspection of new version of the Chinese medicinal herbs GAP, ranking first in China in terms
               of the number of varieties. The bases of two varieties cinnamon and cassia twig have been recognized
               as “provincial Chinese medicinal herbs industrialization bases” simultaneously. 10 varieties including
               magnolia officinalis have passed the “Three Nos and One Whole” (三無一全) brand variety review of
               the National Innovation Alliance for Standardization and Quality Evaluation of Medicine Material (“Three
               Nos and One Whole” refers to the four standards that must be met during the planting and processing
               of Chinese medicinal herbs, namely no sulfur processing, no excessive aflatoxin, no pollution (including
               no excessive pesticide residues, no excessive heavy metals, no use of growth regulators to promote the
               growth of harvested organs) and whole process traceability). Bases standardized production technology
               of 10 varieties including fritillaria thunbergii have achieved outstanding results, successfully breeding 5
               excellent new varieties, and forming 108 technical standards and patents.




4   China Traditional Chinese Medicine Holdings Co. Limited • Interim Report 2024
                                           MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


    During the Reporting Period, the Group and the Traditional Chinese Medicine Plantation and Breeding
    Professional Committee of the China Association of Traditional Chinese Medicine (中國中藥協會中
    藥材種植養殖專業委員會) jointly organized the “Chinese Medicinal Herbs Source in Action – High-
    quality Authentic Medicinal Herbs Base in China TCM & Chinese Medicinal Herbs Contributing to Rural
    Revitalization” (中藥源頭在行動－優質道地藥材基地走進中藥控股暨中藥材助力鄉村振興) event to build
    an industry communication platform and a production and marketing docking platform, promoting
    high-quality development of the source of Chinese medicinal herbs industry.

(II) TCM decoction pieces

    During the Reporting Period, the Group focused on the expansion of terminals for TCM decoction pieces
    to empower business growth. Leading enterprises, such as Shanghai Tongjitang Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.
    and Sinopharm Group Feng Liao Xing (Foshan) Medicinal Material & Slices Co., Ltd., have strengthened
    support and played well in growth-driving.

    The Group fully leveraged the competitive advantages of its characteristic business of “Share of TCM ·
    Intelligent Distribution Centers”. During the Reporting Period, driven by its two main businesses TCM
    decoction and ointment production, revenue of the Foshan Center increased by more than 31.7%
    year-on-year; the Zhongshan Center developed pharmaceutical services in multiple dimensions, with
    revenue increasing by more than 31.3% year-on-year; the Beijing Center developed special decoction
    pieces varieties and “distribution to home” convenient services, with revenue increasing by 27% year-
    on-year. The Group continued to replicate and promote the “Share of TCM · Intelligent Distribution
    Centers” model. As of 30 June 2024, the Group directly operates 27 centers in 12 provinces, regions
    and municipalities across China. In the first half of 2024, the revenue from decoction, distribution and
    supporting services amounted to RMB60.52 million in total, representing an increase of 42.8% year-
    on-year, further expanding the accessibility of convenient TCM services.

    Fresh cutting in the place of origin is a process of giving medicinal materials special medicinal properties
    and quality, and is a key link in ensuring the quality of TCM decoction pieces. The Group leveraged
    the advantages of its base layout of Chinese medicinal herbs to commence researches on the process
    of fresh cutting in the place of origin. During the Reporting Period, 4 newly added varieties of Chinese
    medicinal herbs have completed the qualification certification for fresh cutting in the place of origin,
    and a total of 47 varieties successfully obtained the qualification for fresh cutting in the place of origin.




                                         China Traditional Chinese Medicine Holdings Co. Limited • Interim Report 2024   5
    MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


         (III) Concentrated TCM granules

               As an important carrier for the standardization and modernization of TCM, concentrated TCM granules
               can meet the demand for TCM substances in modern life and is a major practical achievement in the
               inheritance and innovative development of TCM. Since the reform on TCM decoction pieces carried out
               by the National Administration of Traditional Chinese Medicine in 1993, concentrated TCM granules have
               developed rapidly under the guidance and support of national policies. Guangdong Yifang Pharmaceutical
               Co., Ltd. (“Guangdong Yifang”) and Jiangyin Tianjiang Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. under the Group are
               the earliest companies in China to carry out the research and production of concentrated granules,
               enjoying rich industry experience and first-mover advantages. The “Announcement on the End of Pilot
               Work of Chinese Medicine Formula Granules” (《關於結束中藥配方顆粒試點工作的公告》) implemented
               in November 2021 has repositioned the concentrated TCM granules industry in multiple aspects such as
               management methods, medicinal herbs requirements, production requirements, production standards,
               sales locations, and medical insurance payment. The concentrated TCM granules industry has entered
               a new stage of high-quality development with high standards, strict supervision and fierce competition.

               Since the first publication of “Announcement on Centralized Procurement of the Procurement Alliance
               of Concentrated TCM Granules” (《中藥配方顆粒採購聯盟集中採購公告》) by the Shandong Public
               Resources Trading Center, the centralized procurement of concentrated TCM granules (national drug
               standards) has been rapidly promoted, with the price of 200 varieties of concentrated TCM granules
               reduced by more than 50% on average. However, significant price deduction for varieties in the centralized
               procurement area brought about frequent price adjustment in the non-centralized procurement area,
               and the expected quantity effect of centralized procurement failed to appear, leaving the concentrated
               TCM granules industry in a sustained period of deep adjustment. During the Reporting Period, affected
               by the price reduction of centralized procurement, rising costs and intensified market competition, the
               revenue of the Group’s concentrated TCM granules retreated and the gross profit margin fell. With an
               increase in the number of national drug standards for concentrated TCM granules, more regions are
               expected to join the centralized procurement for concentrated TCM granules, and the range of varieties of
               concentrated TCM granules to be included in centralized procurement will continue to expand, bringing
               greater market capacity and competitive pressure.




6   China Traditional Chinese Medicine Holdings Co. Limited • Interim Report 2024
                                      MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



Centralized purchasing unit           Commencement time            Coverage


Shandong “14+1” Inter-provincial      September 2023               Shandong, Shanxi, Inner Mongolia,
  Alliance of Concentrated TCM                                       Liaoning, Jilin, Heilongjiang, Anhui,
  Granules                                                           Jiangxi, Hainan, Yunnan, Tibet, Shaanxi,
                                                                     Qinghai, Xinjiang and Xinjiang Production
                                                                     and Construction Corps

Beijing-Tianjin-Hebei “3+N”           March 2024                   Mainly Beijing, Tianjin and Hebei, and
  Pharmaceutical Purchasing                                         covering Jiangsu, Zhejiang, Henan,
  Alliance                                                          Hubei, Hunan, Guangdong, Chongqing,
                                                                    Guizhou, Sichuan, etc.

Gansu Provincial Fifth Batch of       April 2024                   Gansu
 Drugs Volume-Based Procurement
 of Concentrated TCM Granules



Under the trend of growing industry competition, the Group firmly upholds the awareness of “compliance,
win-win and sustainability”, and continues to play an industry-leading role. The Group actively adapts to
the trend of centralized procurement, strengthens policy research and judgment and analysis of response
measures, promotes the transformation and upgrading of business models and marketing systems, and
formulates differentiated product prescription strategies. Such multiple measures have built high-quality
competitive advantages on the supply side.

The Group recognizes the importance of terminal coverage, strives to consolidate its market share and
actively enhances its market development and guaranteed supply capabilities. During the Reporting
Period, the Group accelerated the marketing and filing of National Standards varieties, and expanded the
catalog of available varieties. The number of national and provincial standards as approved maintained
first in China.




                                    China Traditional Chinese Medicine Holdings Co. Limited • Interim Report 2024   7
    MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


         (IV) TCM finished drugs

               The Group strives to give play to and leverage its advantages of terminal coverage and channel
               management system, so as to continuously strengthen the production and sales synergy of TCM finished
               drugs, refine and adjust marketing strategies, and strengthen its brand promotion and marketing
               activities, thus further manifesting its core competitive advantages. During the Reporting Period, in the
               prescription drug business, the Group’s project of “One Person, One Hospital, One Benchmark” (一人
               一院一標桿) achieved positive results as the number of high-output benchmark terminals continued to
               grow, and the coverage of medical institutions continued to expand. In the OTC business, the layout of
               national chain customers was further improved. The consumption of cooperative stores improved against
               the downward trend, and the terminal sales of nine major products such as Biyankang Tablets (鼻炎
               康片), Chongcao Qingfei Capsules (蟲草清肺膠囊) and Yaoshen Paste increased by 14.2% compared
               with the same period.

               The Group focuses on the cultivation of key varieties of TCM finished drugs, and strives to caring out
               work related to post-marketing basic researches and clinical researches on key products and inclusion
               of key products in the essential drugs list. During the Reporting Period, 15 new documents such as
               guidelines, consensus statements and textbooks were formed and released, which promoted the steady
               increase in sales of 29 key varieties, with sales revenue increasing by 32.5% year-on-year. Among them,
               sales of nine varieties including Xianling Gubao Capsules (仙靈骨葆膠囊), Yu Ping Feng Granules (玉屏
               風顆粒) and Moisturizing and Anti-Itching Capsules (潤燥止癢膠囊) exceeded RMB100 million, showing
               market potential.

         (V) TCM great health

               As the level of economy and society development and people’s living standards continue to improve,
               the general public places greater emphasis on the quality of life and health safety. The Group seizes the
               new opportunities of upgraded health needs by optimizing and upgrading “TCM great health products”
               and “TCM medical institutions” to form “TCM great health” business segment, which unleashes the
               resource synergy advantages in the healthcare sector, striving for enhanced core competitiveness.

               In terms of TCM great health products, the Group keenly captured dynamics of the offline consumer
               market, and continuously optimized the product and customer structure. A total of 24 products were
               newly developed, with a total of more than 400 products launched, covering categories such as food,
               functional food, agricultural products and cosmetics. The overall gross profit increased by 21.6% year-
               on-year.

               In terms of TCM medical institutions, the “Yachao Digital TCM medical institutions” (亞潮數字國醫館)
               system was updated and iterated, whereby customer management capabilities and operational efficiency
               were effectively boosted with the roll out of standardized construction and integrated operation. Nearly
               120,000 outpatient customers were served, representing a year-on-year increase of 18%. The service
               capabilities of TCM products continued to improve, and customer stickiness was greatly enhanced.




8   China Traditional Chinese Medicine Holdings Co. Limited • Interim Report 2024
                                                 MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


II.   Integrate and gather scientific and technological innovation elements and resources
      to continuously strengthen scientific and technological innovation capabilities

      The Group is firmly driven by scientific and technological innovation, actively strengthens the investment
      intensity in research and development for scientific and technological innovation, and strives to gather new
      quality productive forces in the TCM industry. During the Reporting Period, Sinopharm Group Beijing Huamiao
      Pharmaceutical Co., Limited was newly qualified as the CNAS laboratory, accumulating 7 CNAS laboratories;
      an article on Guizhou’s roxburgh rose, by Sinopharm Group Tongjitang (Guizhou) Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.
      (“Tongjitang Pharmaceutical”) and the team of Professor Ding Zhuhong from School of liquor and food
      engineering of Guizhou University, was published on Nature, a top international journal. The “High-tech
      Enterprise Innovation Alliance for Safety Evaluation of Exogenous Harmful Substances in Traditional Chinese
      Medicines” (中藥外源性有害物質安全性評價高新技術企業創新聯盟) jointly established by 6 subsidiaries
      including Guangdong Yifang has been inspected and qualified, which improved the evaluation system of
      exogenous harmful substances in TCM, and improved the quality control of the whole industry chain.

      Breakthroughs have been made in researches on Chinese medicinal materials resources. In the formulation of
      standards, the “TCM – Epimedium” quality standardization project jointly proposed by Tongjitang Pharmaceutical
      and professor Yin Hang’s TCM team of Tsinghua University School of Pharmaceutical Sciences was approved by
      ISO/TC249 International Standards, promoting epimedium and its TCM products to the international market.
      In terms of new variety breeding, the new variety of epimedium pubescens Maxim. “Guitong Roumao No. 1”
      (貴同柔毛1號) was announced as a new variety by the Ministry of Agriculture and Rural Affairs of the PRC.

      The research on concentrated TCM granules has stayed ahead of the industry. During the Reporting Period,
      the Chinese Pharmacopoeia Commission (國家藥典委員會) (the “Chinese Pharmacopoeia Commission”)
      announced 31 new national drug standards for concentrated TCM granules, 19 of which were completed by
      the Group, accounting for 61%. As of 30 June 2024, the Chinese Pharmacopoeia Commission has issued a
      total of 296 national drug standards for concentrated TCM granules, 157 of which were completed by the
      Group, accounting for 53%.

      The Group focuses on intellectual property management and integrated scientific research control, and is
      committed to the management of intellectual property rights throughout the entire life cycle of drugs. The
      research on key projects of new TCM and classical formulae has achieved fruitful results. During the Reporting
      Period, 64 patents were authorized, including 39 invention patents and 24 utility model patents; 13 scientific
      and technological projects were approved, including 1 national project and 4 provincial and ministerial-level
      projects; 7 new scientific and technological project awards were added.




                                               China Traditional Chinese Medicine Holdings Co. Limited • Interim Report 2024   9
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


     III. Comprehensively improve the modern management and control system to promote
          high-quality development

          (I)   Strive to advance in-depth actions to deepen the reform and enhancement, and shape the
                new drivers and strength for high-quality development

                The Group fully implements the overall deployment of in-depth actions to deepen the reform and
                enhancement, and accelerates the cultivation and development of strategic emerging industries. It actively
                strengthens the dominant position of scientific and technological innovation, focuses on improving
                the bottom-line guarantee capabilities in the medical and pharmaceutical field, and is committed to
                playing the role of “state-owned enterprises team” in the TCM industry in terms of scientific and
                technological innovation, industrial control and security support in the construction of a modern TCM
                industry system. During the Reporting Period, the Group focused on the two major goals of improving
                core competitiveness and enhancing core functions, improved the modern corporate governance system,
                and strived to optimize the investment layout of TCM industry. The Group explored the implementation
                of professional integration and strategic restructuring, continuously built high-level scientific research
                platforms, continuously enhanced the breakthrough of key and core technologies, accelerated the digital
                and green transformation and upgrading, and activated the new quality productive forces of TCM industry.

          (II) Optimize construction of talent resources and activate the intrinsic production capacity of
               organizational value creation

                The Group has implemented the strategic measures to strengthen enterprises through talents, deeply
                optimized talent resources construction and management, improved the standardized cadre management
                mechanism, and established a distinctive talent cultivation system. Focusing on key core talents, the
                Group has actively explored the training and cultivation mechanism of talents with TCM characteristics,
                and iteratively upgraded the training system of advanced classes for talents of Chinese medicinal herbs
                integration business to cultivate high-end and versatile talents with “professionalism + management”.
                The Group has improved the talent development system of “Five-Element & Great-Plan”, built a team
                of internal lecturers with TCM characteristics, and the number of certified internal lecturers has reached
                477, representing a year-on-year increase of 8.7%, including 192 senior and specially-appointed internal
                lecturers. The Group has built an internal training course library, realized internal sharing of 739 experience
                courses and focused on cultivating the competitive advantage of professional talents.

                The Group has been building a three-dimensional employer brand, actively carrying out human efficiency
                improvement actions, and accelerating the construction of a talent base in the TCM industry through
                further promoting intelligent talent management and control. During the Reporting Period, the Group
                won the “Human Resources Management Excellence Award in 2024” (2024人力資源管理傑出獎) from
                51job and was listed in the “Employer Brand Favored by Chinese College Students in 2024” (2024中國
                大學生喜愛的僱主品牌) from 51job for the first time.




10   China Traditional Chinese Medicine Holdings Co. Limited • Interim Report 2024
                                          MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


(III) Promote intelligence transformation and upgrade to consolidate the foundation of “digital
      TCM” construction

    Focusing on the “strategy + operation” management and control model, the Group has deeply implemented
    the “digital TCM” strategy, promoted the construction of industrial digitization and control digitization
    in an orderly manner, so as to consolidate the capabilities of information infrastructure base. In terms
    of industrial digitization, the construction of “quality traceability data platform for the whole TCM
    industry chain” has entered a critical stage, and the construction of the self-developed “digital TCM
    medical institutions 2.0” has been fully launched. Guangdong Yifang’s “Industrial Internet Identification
    Resolution Application for Quality Control and Traceability of TCM” was successfully selected as the
    Industrial Internet Pilot Demonstration Project in 2023 of the MIIT, becoming the only concentrated
    TCM granule enterprise that has been selected to apply the identification resolution platform. In
    terms of management and control digitization, a number of digital management systems have entered
    the construction stage, realizing the mobile visualization of the main operating data on the financial
    intelligent reporting platform. In terms of network security system construction, the emergency response
    capabilities of infrastructure have been effectively enhanced, the annual network security construction
    plan has been gradually implemented, and the network technology protection capabilities have been
    consolidated accordingly.

(IV) Strengthen safety and environmental awareness and accelerate the construction of a green
     and low-carbon future

    The Group strictly implements the work of addressing the root causes and bottlenecks of production
    safety, continuously explores and practices innovative safety management models, and strives to
    consolidate safety and environmental awareness. With focus on fundamental remediation of major
    accident hazards, the Group orderly implements various special work on production safety management.
    10 subsidiaries including Sinopharm Group Zhonglian Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. have carried out intrinsic
    safety transformation actions to effectively increase the intrinsic safety. During the Reporting Period,
    a total of 864 safety trainings on equipment, fire, hazardous chemical, etc. were organized, 154
    emergency drills were conducted, and zero production safety accident occurred. The Group also firmly
    planned and deployed the “Dual-Carbon Action” working plan, steadily promoted the green and
    low-carbon transformation work, successfully carried out 78 internal trainings on energy conservation
    and environmental protection, and actively improved the professional and technical level of energy
    conservation and environmental protection.




                                        China Traditional Chinese Medicine Holdings Co. Limited • Interim Report 2024   11
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


          (V) Improve the internal control system of compliance management and strive to build a tight
              risk prevention and control network

                The Group adheres to the concept of compliance management, strengthens the construction of the
                internal control system, and decomposes and implements responsibilities by levels. During the Reporting
                Period, the Group continued to consolidate the quality of the “fundamentals” of assets, and thoroughly
                checked the results of cleanup of inefficient and invalid assets, and no major risk events occurred. The
                Group also fully implemented special anti-corruption rectification work in the medical and pharmaceutical
                field. It established and improved the marketing compliance system, legal compliance risk monitoring
                mechanism and supervision department cooperation and coordination mechanism, connected the internal
                cross-departmental collaborative supervision work, effectively improved the transformation of problem
                rectification results, and comprehensively improved the level of compliance governance, empowering
                high-quality development of the enterprise.

          (VI) Deepen the quality and efficiency enhancement actions in multiple dimensions and vigorously
               implement lean management

                The Group actively deepened the special actions of improving quality, reducing costs and enhancing
                efficiency in multiple dimensions, such as optimizing the data management platform, strengthening the
                standard manufacturing cost system, enhancing fund planning, and leveraging the economics of scale
                of centralized procurement. In line with the “project-based, quantifiable and assessable” principles, the
                Group effectively released the intrinsic value of lean management.

     IV. Policy Analysis

          During the Reporting Period, various national departments issued multiple policies related to the development
          of TCM. The industry policies related to the Group are as follows:

          On 10 January 2024, the Ministry of Commerce, the Ministry of Science and Technology revised
          and issued the “Catalogue of Technologies Prohibited and Restricted from Export of China”
          (《中國禁止出口限制出口技術目錄》), which stipulates that some types of Chinese medicinal herbs resources
          and production technologies, processing technology of TCM decoction pieces, extraction and processing
          technology of medicinal ingredients of precious and endangered plants in China, TCM medical technology,
          and the formula and production technology of TCM are prohibited or restricted from export. The restricted
          export of TCM medical technology includes medical theory design and effective prescriptions of famous or
          veteran doctors of TCM, as well as of the disease diagnosis and treatment systems that have won the first
          and second prizes of scientific and technological progress at the provincial or ministerial level or above.




12   China Traditional Chinese Medicine Holdings Co. Limited • Interim Report 2024
                                           MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


On 12 January 2024, the National Healthcare Security Administration issued the “Notice on Strengthening
the Supply Guarantee of Selected Products in Centralized Pharmaceutical Procurement” (《關於加強醫藥集
中帶量採購中選產品供應保障工作的通知》), which requires the medical insurance bureaus of all provinces,
autonomous regions and municipalities directly under the central government to attach great importance to
the supply guarantee of selected products in centralized procurement, effectively assume the responsibilities
of supply monitoring, supervision and rectification and handling breach of contract, and refine and improve
specific policies and measures to ensure that the public continues to enjoy the results of the centralized
procurement reform from six aspects: timely organizing and signing purchase agreements, clearing channels
for feedback from medical institutions, active coordinating to response to short-term surges in demand,
monitoring the supply of selected products, exploring the establishment of a supply evaluation mechanism
and strengthening the application of supply evaluation results.

On 5 February 2024, the General Department of the NMPA publicly solicited opinions on the “Special Provisions
on the Administration of Standards of Traditional Chinese Medicines (Draft for Comments)” (《中藥標準管
理專門規定(徵求意見稿)》), which will further strengthen the management of TCM standards, establish a
TCM standard system that conforms to the TCM characteristics, and promote the inheritance and innovation
development of TCM.

On 27 February 2024, the Center for Drug Evaluation of the NMPA officially issued the “Technical Guidelines
for the Research of Characteristic Spectra of Traditional Chinese Medicine Preparations (Trial)” (《中藥製劑特
徵圖譜研究技術指導原則(試行)》) and the “Technical Guidelines for the Research of Stability of Traditional
Chinese Medicine Preparations (Trial)” (《中藥製劑穩定性研究技術指導原則(試行)》), which clarified the basic
principles, main contents, and test methods of the characteristic spectra and stability research technologies
of TCM preparations respectively.

On 7 March 2024, the NATCM issued the “Key Points of China’s Medical Administration Work in 2024”
(《2024年中國醫政工作要點》) (the “Key Points”). Based on the “Opinions of the Central Committee of the
Communist Party of China and the State Council on Promoting the Inheritance, Innovation, and Development
of Traditional Chinese Medicine” (《中共中央國務院關於促進中醫藥傳承創新發展的意見》), the Key Points
further implemented the inheritance and innovation of TCM, by adhering to the principle of maintaining
integrity and innovation, promoting deepening reform and strengthening connotation construction, so as to
continue to give play to unique advantages, and promote the high-quality development of TCM medical services.




                                         China Traditional Chinese Medicine Holdings Co. Limited • Interim Report 2024   13
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


          On 29 March 2024, the NMPA issued the “Principles and Procedures for Exploratory Research on Drug
          Sampling ” (《藥品抽檢探索性研究原則及程序》) (the “Procedures”), which summarized the key points of
          exploratory research on some chemical drugs, TCM finished drugs, TCM decoction pieces, biological products,
          pharmaceutical excipients and pharmaceutical packaging materials, and put forward suggestions on key
          concerns and inspection contents. The Procedures further standardized drug sampling, and guided local drug
          regulatory departments and drug inspection institutions to conduct exploratory research scientifically, giving
          better play to the actual effectiveness of drug sampling in serving drug supervision. In addition, the Procedures
          would allow enterprises to pay more attention to drug quality control during the production process to ensure
          the safety and efficacy of drugs, and promote self-improvement of enterprises.

          On 22 April 2024, the Center for Drug Evaluation of the NMPA issued the “Guiding Principles for Compiling
          Pharmaceutical Application Information for Traditional Chinese Medicine Compound Preparations Managed
          According to the Catalogue of Ancient Classic Formulas (Trial)” (《按古代經典名方目錄管理的中藥復方製
          劑藥學申報資料撰寫指導原則(試行)》) to promote the research and development and registration of TCM
          compound preparations managed according to the catalogue of ancient classic formulas.

          On 11 May 2024, the Office of the Inter-ministerial Joint Conference on the Building of a Strong Intellectual
          Property Country (國家知識產權強國建設工作部際聯席會議辦公室) issued the “2024 Plan for Promoting the
          Building of a Strong Intellectual Property Country” (《2024年知識產權強國建設推進計劃》), proposing to
          advance the legislative process of the “Regulations on the Protection of Traditional Chinese Medicine Traditional
          Knowledge” (《中醫藥傳統知識保護條例》) this year; carry out the collection and arrangement of TCM
          traditional knowledge projects and the screening and evaluation of TCM traditional knowledge application
          projects; accelerate the formulation of the “Interim Measures for the Entry of the National Traditional Chinese
          Medicine Traditional Knowledge Protection Database and the Release of Representative Lists” (《國家中醫藥傳
          統知識保護數據庫入庫及代表性名錄發佈暫行辦法》); promote the effective operation of the early resolution
          mechanism for pharmaceutical patent disputes; and continue to strengthen the protection of intellectual
          property rights in the seed industry.

          On 13 May 2024, the Center for Drug Evaluation of the NMPA issued the “Technical Guidelines for Research
          of New Improved Traditional Chinese Medicines (Trial)” (《中藥改良型新藥研究技術指導原則(試行)》), which
          clarified the direction of TCM improvement, injected new impetus into the development of the TCM industry,
          and opened up a new pattern for the inheritance and innovation and the enhancement of the quality and
          safety of TCM products.




14   China Traditional Chinese Medicine Holdings Co. Limited • Interim Report 2024
                                           MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


On 14 May 2024, the NMPA and the NATCM jointly issued the newly revised “Management Measures for
Regional Folk Medicinal Materials” (《地區性民間習用藥材管理辦法》), which clarified that regional folk
medicinal materials should, in principle, be used within the administrative area of the provincial-level drug
supervision and administration department of the place where they originate. If there is a real need for
clinical use, they can be used across provinces (autonomous regions, municipalities directly under the central
government).

On 20 May 2024, the NHSA issued the “Notice on Strengthening Regional Coordination for
Improving the Quality and Expanding the Scope of Centralized Medical Procurement in 2024”
(《關於加強區域協同，做好2024年醫藥集中採購提質擴面的通知》), requiring continued efforts to promote
the centralized and volume-based procurement of medicines, strengthening regional coordination, improving
the scale and standardization of alliance procurement, clarifying industry expectations, and continuously
consolidating reform results.

On 24 May 2024, the NHSA issued the “Notice on Further Promoting the Experience of Sanming Medical
Reform and Continuously Advancing the Innovation and Development of Medical Insurance Work” (《關於
進一步推廣三明醫改經驗持續推動醫保工作創新發展的通知》), which clarified the continuous consolidation
and implementation of the institutional achievements of Sanming Medical Reform, and specified the “task
list” to be carried out in six aspects, including accelerating the reform progress of centralized procurement
of drug and medical consumables, increasing medical insurance support for grassroots medical institutions,
and striving to improve the level of medical insurance payment management by focusing on the coordinated
development and governance of “medical care, medical insurance and pharmaceuticals”. This means that
the procurement of drugs and medical equipment will be more transparent and efficient, the competition
landscape of the pharmaceutical industry will be reshaped, which will promote the concentration and fairness
of the industry, encourage pharmaceutical manufacturers to increase scientific and technological innovation
and technology upgrades, effectively improve the competitiveness of products and services, and facilitate the
win-win and sustainable development of the entire medical and healthcare system.

On 27 May 2024, fourteen departments including the NHC issued the “Notice on the Key Points for the
Rectification of Unethical Practices in the Field of Pharmaceutical Purchasing and Sales and Medical Services
in 2024” (《2024年糾正醫藥購銷領域和醫療服務中不正之風工作要點的通知》) (the “Notice”). The Notice
clearly proposed to coordinate and promote the centralized rectification of corruption in the pharmaceutical
field nationwide, the centralized rectification of unethical practices and corruption among the people, and
to deepen the coordinated promotion of institutional construction in the field of pharmaceutical purchasing
and sales.




                                         China Traditional Chinese Medicine Holdings Co. Limited • Interim Report 2024   15
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


          On 27 May 2024, the NATCM issued a notice on the issuance of the “Administrative Measures on the
          Registration of Scientific and Technological Achievements in Traditional Chinese Medicine (Revised)” (《中醫
          藥科技成果登記管理辦法(修訂)》), which further clarified the registration scope of scientific and technological
          achievements in TCM, and optimized the registration process to promote the transformation and application of
          scientific and technological achievements in TCM. The revised Administrative Measures apply to the registration
          and management of scientific and technological achievements in TCM generated by various scientific and
          technological plans and projects (including special projects) and non-fiscal investment.

          On 29 May 2024, the General Office of the National Health Commission, the General Department of the
          NATCM, and the General Department of the National Disease Control and Prevention Administration issued
          the “Three-Year Action Plan to Further Raise Health Literacy for All Citizens (2024-2027)” (《全民健康素養
          提升三年行動方案(2024-2027年)》) to further advance the transformation of healthcare from “treatment-
          centered” to “health-centered”, drive TCM to become the cultural awareness of the people in promoting
          health, improve the health literacy of residents in a more comprehensive and systematic manner, and educate
          and guide residents to truly become the “first responsible person” for their own health.

          On 30 May 2024, the National Administration of Traditional Chinese Medicine issued the “Notice on Further
          Strengthening the Construction of Rehabilitation Departments in Traditional Chinese Medicine Hospitals”
          (《關於進一步加強中醫醫院康復科建設的通知》), giving full play to the unique advantages of TCM rehabilitation
          services, expanding service supply, improving service quality, and accelerating the high-quality development
          of rehabilitation departments in traditional Chinese medicine hospitals, so as to meet the growing demand
          for TCM rehabilitation services of the people.

          On 6 June 2024, the General Office of the State Council issued the “Key Tasks for Deepening the Reform
          of the Medical and Health System in 2024” (《深化醫藥衛生體制改革2024年重點工作任務》), proposing to
          promote the inheritance and innovation development of TCM. It is required to facilitate the construction of
          national TCM inheritance and innovation centers, as well as “flagship” hospitals for integrating traditional
          Chinese and Western medicine. In additional, measures should be taken to support the layout of the whole
          industry chain of leading enterprises in the TCM industry, and accelerate the establishment of the traceability
          system of the whole industry chain of TCM. In terms of government reform of medical insurance, it is proposed
          to carry out a pilot project of payment for TCM dominant diseases.

          On 26 June 2024, the National Healthcare Security Administration promulgated the “Work Plan for the
          Adjustment of the National Reimbursement Drug List for Basic Medical Insurance, Work-Related Injury Insurance
          and Maternity Insurance (2024)” (《2024年國家基本醫療保險、工傷保險和生育保險藥品目錄調整工作方案》).
          In 2024, the procedures are still divided into five stages: preparation, application, expert review, negotiation,
          and announcement of results. The application was officially launched on 1 July 2024, and the negotiation will
          be completed and the results will be announced in November 2024. In 2024, more attention will be paid to
          the monitoring and management of drug supply security to improve the accessibility of reimbursement drugs.




16   China Traditional Chinese Medicine Holdings Co. Limited • Interim Report 2024
                                                 MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


V.   Work Arrangement for the Next Step

     The TCM industry in the new era has ushered in a new journey driven by multiple TCM reform policies.
     In the second half of 2024, the Group will adhere to its strategic determination, consolidate and develop
     the advantages of the coordinated layout of the whole TCM industry chain, and focus on improving the
     effectiveness of reform and innovation, so as to promote high-quality development, accelerate the formation
     of new quality productivity, act as the main force for the construction of a modern TCM industry system, and
     empower the inheritance and innovation development of TCM. Specific measures include:

     Firstly, make steady progress in implementing the five strategic business goals. Steadily improve the efficiency
     of Chinese medicinal herbs integration business, accelerate the construction of GAP bases, promote the
     industrial application and achievement transformation of planting technology, and enhance the ability to
     ensure the supply of Chinese medicinal herbs; accelerate the expansion of the market scale of TCM decoction
     pieces, strengthen the synergy between TCM decoction pieces business and Chinese medicinal herbs resources,
     concentrated TCM granules and other businesses, and promote the fresh-cutting in the place of origin of bulk
     and special varieties; strive to achieve the transformation and upgrading of the business model and marketing
     system of concentrated TCM granules, reasonably reduce production costs, continue to carry out research
     on national and provincial standards, expand the sales scope of new standard varieties on file, and realize
     the increase of terminal sales volume; gradually establish the brand effect of large varieties of TCM finished
     drugs, create tiered terminals and benchmark chains, strengthen the research on the evidence-based medical
     and academic promotion of TCM finished drugs, enhance compliance marketing awareness, and promote
     business breakthroughs; coordinate and promote the development of TCM great health business, create a
     brand matrix of great health products through multiple channels, explore new great health business models,
     accelerate the investment layout process of TCM medical institutions, and promote the in-depth integration of
     third-line and three-dimensional businesses in a coordinated manner, using “digital TCM medical institutions”
     as support to deeply enhance customer service capabilities.

     Secondly, comprehensively implement the action for deepening reforms and upgrading. Grapse the work
     in action deployment and implementation, focus on the three key directions of scientific and technological
     innovation, industrial control, and security support, strive to build a modern industrial system, continuously
     improve core competitiveness, and create a vibrant modern central enterprise.




                                               China Traditional Chinese Medicine Holdings Co. Limited • Interim Report 2024   17
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


          Thirdly, deepen the collaborative strategic system. With value creation as the guide, focus on the strategic
          development direction, refine the goals in detail, and focus on the key control points of the whole value chain
          to improve the efficiency of control and lay a solid foundation for high-quality development management; with
          digital management and control projects as the support, carry out special actions for “quality and efficiency
          improvement” in depth, establish a normalized mechanism for production, supply and marketing coordination
          and a demand-oriented resource co-construction and sharing mechanism, and take multiple measures to
          ensure the implementation of strategic planning.

          Fourthly, solidly carry out the legal compliance review. Focus on cultivating compliance culture and early
          warning of compliance risks, establish a normalized mechanism for compliance education, strengthen risk
          identification and compliance review of business, deepen the marketing compliance management and operation
          mechanism, promote the establishment of an effective marketing compliance supervision and prevention
          mechanism, and improve the long-term mechanism for problem rectification.

          Fifthly, integrate and concentrate domestic and foreign scientific and technological resources. Improve the
          scientific research and innovation system for the deep integration of the TCM industry and the resource industry,
          continue to promote key scientific research work such as innovative TCM, classical formulae, concentrated
          TCM granules, secondary development of large varieties of TCM, processing of TCM decoction pieces, and
          breeding of seeds and seedlings of Chinese medicinal herbs, explore the development and transformation of
          in-hospital preparations, strengthen the layout of forward-looking scientific research projects, actively explore
          business opportunities in the modern TCM industry, and cultivate and develop the second growth curve.

          Sixthly, strengthen human resource development in multiple dimensions. Continue to build a three-dimensional
          TCM holding employer brand, enhance the efficiency of talent management and the comprehensive quality
          of cadres, improve the talent cultivation model of the “Five Key Aspects of Development Plan” and echelon
          development system, perfect the diversified incentive mechanism of “1+4+N”, and deepen the application
          of the results of the human efficiency improvement action.

          Seventhly, deeply implement the “Sino-TCM” big brand strategy. Strengthen the synergy between brand
          communication and business promotion, build an industry benchmark brand; proactively integrate into the
          global market, explore overseas business layout, strengthen international registration and overseas certification
          of products, and promote and facilitate the international development of TCM products.




18   China Traditional Chinese Medicine Holdings Co. Limited • Interim Report 2024
                                                MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



BUSINESS ANALYSIS

During the Reporting Period, the Group’s revenue was approximately RMB8,385,473,000, representing a decrease
of 9.9% from approximately RMB9,302,957,000 for the same period last year. Revenue and cost of sales of each
business segment are as follows:

                                                          Six months ended 30 June
                                     2024             2023                   2024         2023
 Business segments                Revenue          Revenue           Cost of sales Cost of sales
                                  RMB’000         RMB’000 Change         RMB’000      RMB’000                    Change

 Chinese medicinal herbs
   integration business             754,277       880,585       -14.3%           690,575           809,913       -14.7%
 TCM decoction pieces             1,576,914     1,305,191        20.8%         1,244,087         1,019,270        22.1%
 Concentrated TCM granules        3,479,735     4,930,591       -29.4%         1,421,554         1,769,373       -19.7%
 TCM finished drugs               2,418,349     2,034,759        18.9%           853,221           828,630         3.0%
 TCM great health                   156,198       151,831         2.9%           114,782           117,795        -2.6%


 Total                            8,385,473     9,302,957        -9.9%         4,324,219         4,544,981        -4.9%



1.   Chinese medicinal herbs integration business

                                                                       Six months ended 30 June
                                                                       2024            2023
                                                                    RMB’000         RMB’000                      Change

         Revenue                                                      754,277                880,585             -14.3%
         Cost of sales                                                690,575                809,913             -14.7%
         Gross profit                                                  63,702                 70,672              -9.9%
         Gross profit margin                                            8.4%                   8.0%                0.4pp



     During the Reporting Period, the revenue of the Chinese medicinal herbs integration business segment
     was approximately RMB754,277,000, representing a decrease of 14.3% compared with the revenue of
     approximately RMB880,585,000 for the same period last year and accounting for 9.0% of the total revenue,
     which was mainly due to: (1) the optimization of resource allocation and reduction of some low-margin
     businesses during the Period; and (2) the fluctuations in the market price of some medicinal materials and a
     decrease in sales orders.

     The gross profit margin during the Period was 8.4%, representing an increase of 0.4 percentage point
     compared with 8.0% for the same period last year, which was mainly attributed to the optimization of the
     sales structure.




                                              China Traditional Chinese Medicine Holdings Co. Limited • Interim Report 2024   19
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


     2.   TCM decoction pieces

                                                                                   Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                   2024            2023
                                                                                RMB’000         RMB’000           Change
           Revenue                                                             1,576,914       1,305,191           20.8%
           Cost of sales                                                       1,244,087       1,019,270           22.1%
           Gross profit                                                          332,827         285,921           16.4%
           Gross profit margin                                                    21.1%           21.9%            -0.8pp



          During the Reporting Period, the revenue of the TCM decoction pieces business segment was approximately
          RMB1,576,914,000, representing an increase of 20.8% compared with the revenue of approximately
          RMB1,305,191,000 for the same period last year and accounting for 18.8% of the total revenue. TCM
          decoction pieces business segment showed a sound development momentum, which was mainly due to: (1)
          the continued efforts in the field of medical terminals, which resulted in steady growth in revenue from existing
          customers and growth in the intelligent decoction distribution center business; and (2) further improvement
          in the ability to develop incremental customers of decoction pieces by continuously leveraging advantage of
          the specialty decoction piece varieties.

          The gross profit margin for the Period was 21.1%, representing a decrease of 0.8 percentage point compared
          with 21.9% for the same period last year, which was mainly due to the increase of the cost of Chinese
          medicinal materials.

     3.   Concentrated TCM granules

                                                                                   Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                   2024            2023
                                                                                RMB’000         RMB’000           Change
           Revenue                                                             3,479,735       4,930,591          -29.4%
           Cost of sales                                                       1,421,554       1,769,373          -19.7%
           Gross profit                                                        2,058,181       3,161,218          -34.9%
           Gross profit margin                                                    59.1%           64.1%            -5.0pp



          During the Reporting Period, the revenue of the concentrated TCM granules business segment was approximately
          RMB3,479,735,000, representing a decrease of 29.4% compared with the revenue of approximately
          RMB4,930,591,000 for the same period last year and accounting for 41.5% of the total revenue, which was
          mainly due to: (1) the significant decline in sales revenue as a result of the substantial decrease in the selling
          price of the varieties under centralized procurement after the implementation of centralized procurement
          policy on concentrated TCM granules; and (2) the decrease in sales volume during the Period as a result of
          insufficient market expansion during the Period.

          The gross profit margin during the Period was 59.1%, representing a decrease of 5.0 percentage points
          compared with 64.1% for the same period last year, which was mainly due to the significant decrease in the
          selling price of the varieties of concentrated TCM granules under centralized procurement, and also due to
          the decrease in gross profit margin as a result of the increase in procurement costs of raw materials.




20   China Traditional Chinese Medicine Holdings Co. Limited • Interim Report 2024
                                                   MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


4.   TCM finished drugs

                                                                          Six months ended 30 June
                                                                          2024            2023
                                                                       RMB’000         RMB’000                      Change

      Revenue                                                         2,418,349               2,034,759              18.9%
      Cost of sales                                                     853,221                 828,630               3.0%
      Gross profit                                                    1,565,128               1,206,129              29.8%
      Gross profit margin                                                64.7%                   59.3%                5.4pp



     During the Reporting Period, the revenue of the TCM finished drugs business segment was approximately
     RMB2,418,349,000, representing an increase of 18.9% compared with the revenue of approximately
     RMB2,034,759,000 for the same period last year and accounting for 28.8% of the total revenue. The sound
     development of the TCM finished drugs business segment was mainly attributed to the continuous cultivation and
     promotion of prescription products blockbuster, as well as active brand promotion and channel construction during the
     Period. Among them, the sales of our key products such as Zaoren Anshen Capsules (棗仁安神膠囊), Trionycis Bolus
     (鱉甲煎丸) and Biyankang Tablets (鼻炎康片) increased by over 50%.

     The gross profit margin during the Period was 64.7%, representing an increase of 5.4 percentage points
     compared with 59.3% for the same period last year, which was mainly attributed to the increase in selling
     prices of some varieties and the decrease in products cost during the Period.

5.   TCM great health

                                                                          Six months ended 30 June
                                                                          2024            2023
                                                                       RMB’000         RMB’000                      Change

      Revenue                                                            156,198                151,831               2.9%
      Cost of sales                                                      114,782                117,795              -2.6%
      Gross profit                                                        41,416                 34,036              21.7%
      Gross profit margin                                                 26.5%                  22.4%                4.1pp



     During the Reporting Period, the revenue of TCM great health business segment was approximately
     RMB156,198,000, representing an increase of 2.9% compared with the revenue of approximately
     RMB151,831,000 for the same period last year and accounting for 1.9% of the total revenue. TCM great
     health business segment registered a stable performance with good momentum for growth, which was mainly
     attributed to the continuous improvement in capability to provide TCM specialty services of TCM medical
     institutions in various regions and the further enhancement of customer stickiness.

     The gross profit margin during the Period was 26.5%, representing an increase of 4.1 percentage points
     compared with 22.4% for the same period last year, which was mainly attributed to the increase in the
     proportion of high-margin business as a result of the optimization of business structure.




                                                 China Traditional Chinese Medicine Holdings Co. Limited • Interim Report 2024   21
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



     FINANCIAL REVIEW

     Other income

     For the six months ended 30 June 2024, the Group’s other income was approximately RMB79,597,000, representing
     a decrease of 4.2% from approximately RMB83,130,000 for the same period last year. Such decrease was mainly
     because interest income received by the Group amounted to approximately RMB16,320,000 during the Reporting
     Period, representing a decrease of 47.9% from approximately RMB31,301,000 for the same period last year.

     Other gains and losses

     For the six months ended 30 June 2024, the Group’s other losses were approximately RMB64,768,000 (six months
     ended 30 June 2023: other losses of approximately RMB14,004,000). During the Reporting Period, the changes in
     other gains and losses were mainly due to the fact that: (1) penalty interests during the Period was approximately
     RMB52,708,000, representing a significant increase compared with approximately RMB312,000 for the same period
     last year; and (2) foreign exchange gain during the Period was approximately RMB920,000, compared with foreign
     exchange loss for the same period last year.

     Impairment losses under expected credit loss model, net of reversal

     For the six months ended 30 June 2024, in accordance with the Group’s credit impairment loss provision policy, the
     provision for credit impairment loss was approximately RMB158,768,000 for the Period, representing a significant
     increase compared with approximately RMB47,768,000 for the same period last year. As at 30 June 2024, the
     balance of trade receivables of the Group increased by 6.7% from the beginning of the period and the ageing
     structure of trade receivables has lengthened from the beginning of the period.

     Selling and distribution costs

     For the six months ended 30 June 2024, the Group’s selling and distribution costs were approximately
     RMB2,752,658,000 (six months ended 30 June 2023: approximately RMB3,186,920,000). Selling and distribution
     costs decreased by 13.6% as compared with the same period last year, which was mainly because the sales
     composition changed and the income from concentrated TCM granules decreased year-on-year, resulting in a
     decrease in relevant selling expenses during the Period.

     Administrative expenses

     For the six months ended 30 June 2024, the Group’s administrative expenses were approximately RMB512,150,000
     (six months ended 30 June 2023: approximately RMB464,754,000), representing an increase of 10.2% compared
     with the same period last year, which was mainly because the number of management members grew and so as
     their remuneration for the expansion of operation scale of productive enterprises with the national layout.




22   China Traditional Chinese Medicine Holdings Co. Limited • Interim Report 2024
                                                  MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


Research and development expenses

For the six months ended 30 June 2024, the Group’s research and development expenses amounted to approximately
RMB267,925,000, representing a decrease of 14.6% from approximately RMB313,614,000 for the same period last
year. During the Reporting Period, research and development expenses were mainly used to: (1) improve quality
standards, focusing on standards for concentrated TCM granules; (2) improve future returns, focusing on research
and development of innovative drugs as well as classical formulae; and (3) improve future operating efficiency,
focusing on equipment development and improvement.

Finance costs

For the six months ended 30 June 2024, the Group’s finance costs were approximately RMB84,274,000 (six months
ended 30 June 2023: RMB105,438,000), representing a year-on-year decrease, which was mainly due to the year-
on-year decrease in the Group’s interest-bearing liabilities during the Period. During the Reporting Period, the
Group’s effective loan interest rate was 2.8% (six months ended 30 June 2023: 2.7%). The Group will continue to
closely monitor the changes in interest rate, adjust its borrowing and fundraising mechanism as appropriate, and
refinance or enter into new agreements for existing bank loans, when favourable opportunities for bargaining arose.

Loss from investment in associates

For the six months ended 30 June 2024, the Group recorded share of loss from investment in associates of
approximately RMB874,000, and recorded share of loss of approximately RMB1,796,000 last year. During the
Period, it was mainly attributed to the recognition of investment losses regarding the Group’s investment in certain
associates.

Profit for the Period

For the six months ended 30 June 2024, the Group’s profit for the Period was approximately RMB214,143,000,
representing a decrease of 65.3% as compared with approximately RMB616,960,000 for the same period last year,
with a significant year-on-year decrease in revenue and profit for the Period. The net profit margin (defined as
profit divided by revenue for the period) was 2.6%, representing a decrease of 4.0 percentage points from 6.6%
for the same period last year, which was mainly attributed to: (1) the declines in scale of sales and profitability of
the concentrated TCM granules business affected by multiple factors such as the decrease of prices as a result of
the centralized procurement and the intensified market competition; (2) a year-on-year increase in credit impairment
loss as a result of the increase in trade receivables with long ageing during the Period; and (3) the remedial tax in
certain subsidiaries of the Company, which affected the net profit of the Group during the Period to a larger extent.




                                                China Traditional Chinese Medicine Holdings Co. Limited • Interim Report 2024   23
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


     Earnings per share

     For the six months ended 30 June 2024, basic earnings per share were RMB4.19 cents, representing a decrease
     of 63.5% from RMB11.49 cents for the same period last year. The decrease in basic earnings per share was
     because profit attributable to equity holders of the Company during the Reporting Period decreased by 63.5% to
     approximately RMB210,979,000 (six months ended 30 June 2023: RMB578,742,000).

     Liquidity and financial resources

     As at 30 June 2024, the Group’s current assets amounted to approximately RMB20,552,746,000 (31 December 2023:
     RMB19,799,846,000), which included cash, cash equivalents and bank deposits of approximately RMB3,771,999,000
     (31 December 2023: RMB3,267,276,000), of which the pledged bank deposits amounted to approximately
     RMB168,178,000, mainly for bills payable security (31 December 2023: RMB249,958,000). Trade and other
     receivables amounted to approximately RMB10,258,088,000 (31 December 2023: RMB9,686,644,000). Current
     liabilities amounted to approximately RMB9,888,531,000 (31 December 2023: RMB9,332,600,000). Net current
     assets aggregated to approximately RMB10,664,215,000 (31 December 2023: RMB10,467,246,000). The Group’s
     current ratio was 2.1 (31 December 2023: 2.1). The gearing ratio (defined as bank and other loans and bonds
     payable divided by equity attributable to equity holders of the Company) increased from 23.9% as at 31 December
     2023 to 24.4%. The increase in gearing ratio was mainly due to an increase in the Group’s bank and other loans.

     Bank and other loans and pledge of assets

     As at 30 June 2024, the balance of bank and other loans of the Group was approximately RMB4,009,484,000 (31
     December 2023: RMB3,034,020,000), of which approximately RMB1,232,747,000 was secured borrowings (31
     December 2023: RMB535,783,000). Out of the balance of bank and other loans, approximately RMB3,293,149,000
     and RMB716,335,000 were repayable within one year and over one year respectively (31 December 2023:
     approximately RMB2,120,207,000 and RMB913,813,000, respectively).

     As at 30 June 2024, the Group’s bank deposits of RMB168,178,000, land use rights with carrying values of
     RMB61,727,000, investment property and property, plant and equipment with carrying values of RMB680,226,000
     and bills receivable with carrying values of RMB221,610,000 were pledged to secure certain borrowings and bill
     financing of the Group (31 December 2023: bank deposits of RMB249,958,000, land use rights of RMB91,902,000,
     investment property and property, plant and equipment of RMB672,502,000 and bills receivable of RMB213,481,000
     were pledged).




24   China Traditional Chinese Medicine Holdings Co. Limited • Interim Report 2024
                                                  MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


Capital sources

The Group meets its working capital needs mainly through its operating and external financing activities. During
the Reporting Period, the Group initiated a bank loan of RMB800 million in the first quarter of 2024 to succeed
the super & short-term commercial paper of RMB800 million due in the second quarter of 2024, and initiated
a short-term bank loan of RMB400 million for phased liquidity replenishment. Apart from the above, no major
financing activity has been carried out by the Group. As at 30 June 2024, the Group had sufficient working capital
and a stable financial position, as it had an unutilised bank loan facility of approximately RMB10,035,352,000.

Capital expenditure

For the six months ended 30 June 2024, the Group’s fixed asset and intangible asset investment expense was
approximately RMB209,351,000, compared with approximately RMB356,700,000 for the same period last year.
During the Reporting Period, the capital expenditure was mainly used for the capacity expansion expenditure of
some business segments such as concentrated TCM granules and TCM decoction pieces.

Financing capacity

As at 30 June 2024, capital commitments which the Group has entered into but were outstanding and not
provided for in the financial statements were approximately RMB112,628,000 (31 December 2023: approximately
RMB152,870,000). Such capital commitments were mainly used for the construction of plants and purchase of
production facilities. The Group is of the view that with available cash balance, a stable cash inflow from operating
activities, undrawn but already granted bank facilities, and recognition and support from major financial institutions,
the Group will be capable of fully satisfying liquidity needs and the abovementioned funding needs.

Contingent liabilities

The Group did not have any material contingent liabilities as at 30 June 2024 (31 December 2023: nil).

Financial risk

The Group mainly operates in Chinese mainland, with most of its transactions originally denominated and settled
in Renminbi, for which the foreign exchange risk is considered insignificant. As at 30 June 2024, the Group had
no Hong Kong Dollar bank borrowings. As at 30 June 2024, the Group did not enter into any forward foreign
exchange contracts. In future, the Group will continue to regularly review its net foreign exchange exposure and
take appropriate and timely measures to mitigate the impact of exchange rate fluctuations.




                                                China Traditional Chinese Medicine Holdings Co. Limited • Interim Report 2024   25
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


     Employees and remuneration policies

     As at 30 June 2024, the Group had a total of 17,716 (30 June 2023: 17,373) employees, including the Directors,
     of which 5,814 were sales staff, 6,511 were manufacturing staff, and 5,391 were engaged in research and
     development, administration and senior management. Remuneration packages mainly consisted of salary and a
     discretionary bonus based on individual performance. The Group’s total remuneration for the Reporting Period was
     approximately RMB1,174,466,000 (six months ended 30 June 2023: RMB1,119,553,000).

     Pre-conditional Proposal for the Privatisation of the Company

     On 21 February 2024, Sinopharm Common Wealth Company Limited (the “Offeror”) and the Company jointly
     published an announcement (the “Joint Announcement”). As disclosed in the Joint Announcement, the Offeror
     requested the Board to put forward to the Scheme Shareholders a pre-conditional proposal for the privatisation of
     the Company by the Offeror by way of a scheme of arrangement under section 673 of the Companies Ordinance
     (Chapter 622 of the Laws of Hong Kong) which, if approved, would result in the withdrawal of listing of the shares of
     the Company on the Stock Exchange. For details, please refer to the Joint Announcement. Unless otherwise defined,
     capitalised terms used in this section shall have the same meanings as those defined in the Joint Announcement.

     As stated in the Joint Announcement, subject to and after satisfaction of the Pre-Condition(s), a Scheme Document
     including further details of the Proposal and the Scheme, an explanatory statement of the Scheme, the expected
     timetable relating to the Proposal, the recommendations of the Independent Board Committee, the letter of advice
     from the Independent Financial Adviser to the Independent Board Committee, notices of the Court Meeting and
     the EGM as well as other particulars required by the Takeovers Code will be despatched to the Shareholders as
     soon as practicable and in compliance with the requirements of the Takeovers Code and the Applicable Laws. As
     additional time is required for satisfying the Pre-Conditions, an application was made to the Executive pursuant
     to Note 2 to Rule 8.2 of the Takeovers Code for, and the Executive has granted consent for, the extension of the
     latest date for despatching the Scheme Document to (i) a date no later than seven (7) days after the fulfilment
     of all Pre-Conditions; or (ii) 25 October 2024, being the date which is seven (7) days after 18 October 2024, the
     current Pre-Condition Long Stop Date, whichever is earlier. For further details of the Proposal, please refer to the
     joint announcements dated 11 March 2024, 11 April 2024, 13 May 2024, 13 June 2024, 15 July 2024 and 15
     August 2024 jointly issued by the Offeror and the Company.




26   China Traditional Chinese Medicine Holdings Co. Limited • Interim Report 2024
                                                                          OTHER INFORMATION

INTERIM DIVIDEND

The Board does not recommend the payment of an interim dividend for the six months ended 30 June 2024 (six
months ended 30 June 2023: Nil).


DIRECTORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVES’ INTERESTS

As at 30 June 2024, none of the Directors and chief executives of the Company had interests or short positions
in the shares, underlying shares and debentures of the Company or any of its associated corporations (within the
meaning of Part XV of the Securities and Futures Ordinance (the “SFO”)) which were notified to the Company and
The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “Stock Exchange”) pursuant to Divisions 7 and 8 of Part XV of the
SFO (including interests or short positions which they were taken or deemed to have under such provisions of the
SFO), or which were recorded in the register required to be kept by the Company under section 352 of the SFO,
or which were required, pursuant to the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers (the
“Model Code”) set out in Appendix C3 to the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on the Stock Exchange
(the “Listing Rules”), to be notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange.


SUBSTANTIAL SHAREHOLDERS’ INTERESTS

As at 30 June 2024, the interests and short positions of the shareholders, other than a Director or chief executive
of the Company, in the shares and underlying shares of the Company as recorded in the register which were
required to be kept by the Company under section 336 of the SFO were as follows:




                                              China Traditional Chinese Medicine Holdings Co. Limited • Interim Report 2024   27
     OTHER INFORMATION



                                                                                                                              Approximate
                                                                                                                             Percentage of
      Name of Substantial                                                                          Number of              Total Interests to
      Shareholders                          Capacity                                          Ordinary Shares                Issued Shares

      Sinopharm Hongkong                    Beneficial owner                                      1,634,705,642                        32.46%
                                                                                                  (long position)
                                                                                                        (Note 1)

      CNPGC                                 Interest of controlled corporations                   1,634,705,642                        32.46%
                                                                                                  (long position)
                                                                                                        (Note 1)

      Ping An Life                          Beneficial owner                                        604,296,222                        12.00%
                                                                                                  (long position)
                                                                                                        (Note 2)

      Ping An Group                         Interest of controlled corporations                     604,296,222                        12.00%
                                                                                                  (long position)
                                                                                                        (Note 2)

      UBS Group AG                          Interest of controlled corporations                      305,976,595                        6.08%
                                                                                                   (long position)
                                                                                                     144,022,000                        2.86%
                                                                                                  (short position)


     Notes:

     1.       The 1,634,705,642 shares are held by Sinopharm Group Hongkong Co., Limited (“Sinopharm Hongkong”), which is indirectly wholly
              owned by CNPGC.

     2.       The 604,296,222 shares are held by Ping An Insurance Company of China, Ltd. (“Ping An Life”) which is a subsidiary of Ping An (Group)
              Company of China, Ltd. (“Ping An Group”). Ping An Group is deemed to be interested in Ping An Life’s interest in the Company under
              the SFO.


     Save as disclosed above, the register which was required to be kept by the Company under section 336 of the
     SFO showed that the Company had not been notified of any interests or short positions of the shareholders (other
     than a Director or chief executive of the Company) in the shares and underlying shares of the Company as at 30
     June 2024.


     DIRECTORS’ RIGHTS TO ACQUIRE SHARES AND DEBENTURES

     At no time during the Period were there any rights to acquire benefits by means of the acquisition of shares in
     or debentures of the Company granted to any Director or their respective spouses or children under 18 years of
     age, or were there any such rights exercised by them; or was the Company or any of its subsidiaries a party to any
     arrangement to enable the Directors to acquire such rights in any other body corporate.




28   China Traditional Chinese Medicine Holdings Co. Limited • Interim Report 2024
                                                                                        OTHER INFORMATION



PURCHASE, SALE OR REDEMPTION OF THE COMPANY’S LISTED SECURITIES

During the six months ended 30 June 2024, neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries purchased, sold or
redeemed any of the Company’s listed securities (including sale of treasury shares (if any)).


CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

Compliance with the Corporate Governance Code

The Company is committed to maintaining high standard of corporate governance. The Company has complied
with the applicable code provisions of the Corporate Governance Code as set out in Appendix C1 to the Listing
Rules throughout the six months ended 30 June 2024.

Model Code for Securities Transactions

The Company has adopted the Model Code set out in Appendix C3 to the Listing Rules as its own code of conduct
regarding securities transactions by the Directors. Specific enquiry has been made with all Directors and the Directors
have confirmed that they have complied with the required standard set out in the Model Code throughout the
Reporting Period. Furthermore, senior management who are likely to be in possession of inside information are
also required to comply with the provisions of the Model Code.


CHANGE IN DIRECTORS’ AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT’S INFORMATION

Subsequent to the date of the Annual Report 2023 of the Company (21 March 2024) and as of the date of this
interim report, there is no change of information about the Directors and senior management of the Company
which is required to be disclosed pursuant to 13.51B(1) of the Listing Rules.


REVIEW OF INTERIM RESULTS

The Audit Committee has reviewed the unaudited consolidated financial statements of the Group for the six months
ended 30 June 2024, including the accounting principles, treatments and practices adopted by the Group and the
Interim Report 2024 of the Company. The Audit Committee has no disagreement with the accounting principles,
treatments and practices adopted by the Group.

By Order of the Board




CHEN Yinglong
Chairman

Hong Kong, 28 August 2024



                                                China Traditional Chinese Medicine Holdings Co. Limited • Interim Report 2024   29
     INDEPENDENT REVIEW REPORT

     Independent review report
     To the board of directors of China Traditional Chinese Medicine Holdings Co. Limited
     (Incorporated in Hong Kong with limited liability)


     INTRODUCTION

     We have reviewed the interim financial information set out on pages 31 to 58, which comprises the condensed
     consolidated statement of financial position of China Traditional Chinese Medicine Holdings Co. Limited (the
     “Company”) and its subsidiaries (the “Group”) as at 30 June 2024 and the related condensed consolidated
     statements of profit or loss and other comprehensive income, changes in equity and cash flows for the six-month
     period then ended, and explanatory notes. The Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of
     Hong Kong Limited require the preparation of a report on interim financial information to be in compliance with
     the relevant provisions thereof and Hong Kong Accounting Standard 34 Interim Financial Reporting (“HKAS 34”)
     issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants (“HKICPA”). The directors of the Company are
     responsible for the preparation and presentation of this interim financial information in accordance with HKAS 34.
     Our responsibility is to express a conclusion on this interim financial information based on our review. Our report
     is made solely to you, as a body, in accordance with our agreed terms of engagement, and for no other purpose.
     We do not assume responsibility towards or accept liability to any other person for the contents of this report.


     SCOPE OF REVIEW

     We conducted our review in accordance with Hong Kong Standard on Review Engagements 2410 Review of Interim
     Financial Information Performed by the Independent Auditor of the Entity issued by the HKICPA. A review of interim
     financial information consists of making inquiries, primarily of persons responsible for financial and accounting
     matters, and applying analytical and other review procedures. A review is substantially less in scope than an audit
     conducted in accordance with Hong Kong Standards on Auditing and consequently does not enable us to obtain
     assurance that we would become aware of all significant matters that might be identified in an audit. Accordingly,
     we do not express an audit opinion.


     CONCLUSION

     Based on our review, nothing has come to our attention that causes us to believe that the interim financial
     information is not prepared, in all material respects, in accordance with HKAS 34.




     Ernst & Young
     Certified Public Accountants
     Hong Kong

     28 August 2024




30   China Traditional Chinese Medicine Holdings Co. Limited • Interim Report 2024
INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR LOSS AND OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
                                                                             For the six months ended 30 June 2024


                                                                  Notes                 2024                   2023
                                                                                  (Unaudited)             (Unaudited)
                                                                                     RMB’000                RMB’000
REVENUE                                                             4                8,385,473              9,302,957

Cost of sales                                                                       (4,324,219)            (4,544,981)
Gross profit                                                                         4,061,254              4,757,976

Other income                                                        5                   79,597                  83,130
Other gains and losses                                              6                  (64,768)                (14,004)
Impairment losses under expected credit loss model,
  net of reversal                                                                     (158,768)               (47,768)
Selling and distribution expenses                                                   (2,752,658)            (3,186,920)
Administrative expenses                                                               (512,150)              (464,754)
Research and development expenses                                                     (267,925)              (313,614)
Operating Profits                                                                      384,582                814,046
Finance costs                                                       7                  (84,274)              (105,438)
Share of profits and losses of associates                                                 (874)                (1,796)
PROFIT BEFORE TAX                                                   8                  299,434                706,812

Income tax expense                                                  9                  (85,291)                (89,852)
PROFIT FOR THE PERIOD                                                                  214,143                616,960
OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
Other comprehensive (loss)/income that may be reclassified
 to profit or loss in subsequent period:
 Change in fair value on debt instruments measured at
   fair value through other comprehensive income                                           (109)                 6,842
 Impairment loss recognised for debt instruments at fair
   value through other comprehensive income included in
   profit or loss                                                                             17                   870
 Income tax relating to items that may be reclassified to
   profit or loss                                                                            (93)                    91
OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME FOR THE PERIOD,
 NET OF TAX                                                                                (185)                 7,803
TOTAL COMPREHENSIVE INCOME FOR THE PERIOD                                              213,958                624,763
Profit for the period attributable to:
  Owners of the Company                                                                210,979                578,742
  Non-controlling interests                                                              3,164                 38,218
                                                                                       214,143                616,960
Total comprehensive income for the period attributable to:
  – Owners of the Company                                                              210,962                582,552
  – Non-controlling interests                                                            2,996                 42,211
                                                                                       213,958                624,763
EARNINGS PER SHARE ATTRIBUTABLE TO ORDINARY
  EQUITY HOLDERS OF THE COMPANY
  – Basic and Diluted (RMB cents)                                   11                     4.19                  11.49



                                            China Traditional Chinese Medicine Holdings Co. Limited • Interim Report 2024   31
     INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION
     30 June 2024



                                                                                            30 June   31 December
                                                                                Notes          2024          2023
                                                                                        (Unaudited)       (Audited)
                                                                                           RMB’000        RMB’000

      NON-CURRENT ASSETS
      Property, plant and equipment                                              12       6,672,228     6,813,539
      Right-of-use assets                                                        12       1,159,101     1,146,048
      Investment properties                                                                  74,579        75,743
      Goodwill                                                                   13       3,457,903     3,457,903
      Other intangible assets                                                    13       5,299,363     5,486,365
      Investments in associates                                                              10,997        11,847
      Deposits and prepayments                                                               85,877        57,577
      Deferred tax assets                                                                   233,627       219,480

      Total non-current assets                                                           16,993,675    17,268,502

      CURRENT ASSETS
      Inventories                                                                14       5,585,654     5,959,149
      Trade and other receivables                                                15      10,258,088     9,686,644
      Debt instruments at fair value through other
        comprehensive income (“FVTOCI”)                                          17         937,005       886,777
      Pledged bank deposits                                                     18(a)       168,178       249,958
      Cash and cash equivalents                                                 18(b)     3,603,821     3,017,318

      Total current assets                                                               20,552,746    19,799,846

      CURRENT LIABILITIES
      Trade and other payables                                                   19       6,321,035     6,049,707
      Lease liabilities                                                                      26,014        18,593
      Contract liabilities                                                                  163,375       210,506
      Interest-bearing bank and other borrowings                                 20       3,293,149     2,120,207
      Unsecured notes                                                            21           3,998       830,540
      Tax liabilities                                                                        80,960       103,047

      Total current liabilities                                                           9,888,531     9,332,600

      NET CURRENT ASSETS                                                                 10,664,215    10,467,246

      TOTAL ASSETS LESS CURRENT LIABILITIES                                              27,657,890    27,735,748




32   China Traditional Chinese Medicine Holdings Co. Limited • Interim Report 2024
     INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION
                                                                                                            30 June 2024



                                                                                        30 June           31 December
                                                                    Notes                  2024                  2023
                                                                                    (Unaudited)               (Audited)
                                                                                       RMB’000                RMB’000

 NON-CURRENT LIABILITIES
 Deferred government grants                                                              407,131                421,291
 Deferred tax liabilities                                                              1,094,310              1,187,045
 Unsecured notes                                                      21               1,197,694              1,197,112
 Interest-bearing bank and other borrowings                           20                 716,335                913,813
 Lease liabilities                                                                        91,844                 79,869

 Total non-current liabilities                                                         3,507,314              3,799,130

 Net assets                                                                          24,150,576             23,936,618

 EQUITY
 Equity attributable to owners of the Company
 Share capital                                                        22             11,982,474             11,982,474
 Reserves                                                                             9,388,623              9,177,661

                                                                                     21,371,097             21,160,135
 Non-controlling interests                                                            2,779,479              2,776,483

 Total equity                                                                        24,150,576             23,936,618



Approved and authorised for issue by the board of directors on 28 August 2024.




CHEN Yinglong                                                    SHEN Lixin
Executive Director                                               Vice President and Financial Director




                                              China Traditional Chinese Medicine Holdings Co. Limited • Interim Report 2024   33
     INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY
     For the six months ended 30 June 2024



                                                                           Attributable to owners of the Company

                                                                           Statutory                                                                Non–
                                                     Share Translation       surplus      FVTOCI         Other Accumulated                    controlling
                                                    capital    reserve       reserve      reserve     reserves      profits      Subtotal       interests     Total
                                                   RMB’000   RMB’000        RMB’000      RMB’000      RMB’000      RMB’000       RMB’000        RMB’000     RMB’000
                                                                              (note)

      At 1 January 2024 (audited)                 11,982,474   (165,183)     882,550        (6,703)     (71,180)   8,538,177    21,160,135     2,776,483 23,936,618
      Profit for the period                                –          –            –             –            –      210,979       210,979         3,164    214,143
      Other comprehensive loss for the period              –          –            –           (17)           –            –           (17)         (168)      (185)

      Total comprehensive income for the period            –          –            –           (17)           –     210,979       210,962          2,996    213,958

      At 30 June 2024 (unaudited)                 11,982,474   (165,183)     882,550        (6,720)     (71,180)   8,749,156    21,371,097     2,779,479 24,150,576


      At 1 January 2023 (restated)                11,982,474   (165,183)     874,107        (3,652)     (60,060)   7,540,441    20,168,127     2,779,988 22,948,115
      Profit for the period                                –          –            –             –            –      578,742       578,742        38,218    616,960
      Other comprehensive income for the period            –          –            –         3,810            –            –         3,810         3,993      7,803

      Total comprehensive income for the period            –          –            –        3,810             –      578,742       582,552        42,211     624,763
      Disposal of a subsidiary                             –          –            –            –             –            –             –           930         930
      Final 2022 dividend declared                         –          –            –            –             –     (235,995)     (235,995)            –    (235,995)
      Acquisition of a subsidiary                          –          –            –            –             –            –             –         4,473       4,473
      Change in other reserve arisen from
         an associate                                      –          –            –             –         (375)           –          (375)            –        (375)

      At 30 June 2023 (unaudited)                 11,982,474   (165,183)     874,107          158       (60,435)   7,883,188    20,514,309     2,827,602 23,341,911



     Note: As stipulated by the relevant laws and regulations for foreign investment enterprises in the People’s Republic of China (the “PRC”), the
           Company’s PRC subsidiaries are required to maintain a statutory surplus reserve. Appropriation to such reserve is made out of net profit
           after taxation as reflected in the statutory financial statements of the PRC subsidiaries while the amounts and allocation basis are decided
           by their boards of directors annually. The statutory surplus reserve can be used to make up prior-year losses, if any, and can be applied
           in conversion into capital by means of capitalisation.




34   China Traditional Chinese Medicine Holdings Co. Limited • Interim Report 2024
            INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS
                                                                               For the six months ended 30 June 2024


                                                                    Note                  2024                   2023
                                                                                    (Unaudited)             (Unaudited)
                                                                                       RMB’000                RMB’000

Net cash flows from/(used in) operating activities                                       569,701               (618,895)
CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES
Acquisitions of subsidiaries, net of cash acquired                                               –                   501
Purchase of items of property, plant and equipment and
  payment for construction in progress                                                  (226,193)              (264,138)
Proceeds from disposal of items of property,
  plant and equipment                                                                        876                  1,193
Purchase of other intangible assets                                                            –                 (1,297)
Payments for right-of-use assets                                                          (1,319)                   (65)
Asset-related government grants received                                                     583                  2,502
Placement of time deposits                                                                     –               (465,000)
Capital injection to an associate                                                            (24)                  (350)
Decrease/(increase) in pledged bank deposits                                              44,503               (129,249)
Interest received                                                                         16,320                 31,301

Net cash flows used in investing activities                                             (165,254)              (824,602)
CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES
Proceeds from issue of unsecured notes                                                         –              2,200,000
Issue cost of unsecured notes                                                                  –                 (4,148)
New bank borrowings and other borrowings raised                                        3,189,434              2,860,903
Repayment of unsecured notes                                                            (800,000)            (2,200,000)
Repayment of bank and other borrowings                                                (2,216,596)              (888,414)
Principal portion of lease payments                                                      (14,437)               (12,417)
Dividend paid                                                                                  –               (239,996)
Interest paid                                                                           (108,721)              (106,975)
Dividend paid to non-controlling interests of subsidiaries                                (2,608)                  (181)

Net cash flows from financing activities                                                  47,072              1,608,772

NET INCREASE IN CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS                                                451,519                165,275
Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period                                       2,986,819              2,879,563
Effect of foreign exchange rate changes                                                       95                    402

CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AT END OF PERIOD                                             3,438,433              3,045,240
ANALYSIS OF BALANCES OF CASH AND CASH
  EQUIVALENTS
Bank balances and cash as stated in the interim condensed
  consolidated statement of financial position                                         3,603,821              3,273,781
Restricted cash                                                     18(b)               (165,388)              (228,541)
Cash and cash equivalents as stated in the interim
 condensed consolidated statement of cash flows                                        3,438,433              3,045,240




                                              China Traditional Chinese Medicine Holdings Co. Limited • Interim Report 2024   35
     NOTES TO INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL INFORMATION
     30 June 2024


     1. BASIS OF PREPARATION

          The interim condensed consolidated financial information for the six months ended 30 June 2024 has been
          prepared in accordance with HKAS 34 Interim Financial Reporting. The interim condensed consolidated financial
          information does not include all the information and disclosures required in the annual financial statements,
          and should be read in conjunction with the Group’s annual consolidated financial statements for the year
          ended 31 December 2023.

          The financial information relating to the year ended 31 December 2023 that is included in the interim
          condensed consolidated statement of financial position as comparative information does not constitute the
          Company’s statutory annual consolidated financial statements for that year but is derived from those financial
          statements. Further information relating to those statutory financial statements required to be disclosed in
          accordance with section 436 of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance is as follows:

          The Company has delivered the financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2023 to the Registrar
          of Companies as required by section 662(3) of, and Part 3 of Schedule 6 to, the Hong Kong Companies
          Ordinance. The Company’s auditors have reported on the financial statements for the year ended 31 December
          2023. The auditor’s report was unqualified; and did not contain a statement under sections 406(2), 407(2)
          or 407(3) of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance.

          The functional currency of the Company is “Renminbi” (“RMB”), which is the same as the presentation
          currency of the interim condensed consolidated financial statements of the Company.


     2. CHANGES IN ACCOUNTING POLICIES

          The accounting policies adopted in the preparation of the interim condensed consolidated financial information
          are consistent with those applied in the preparation of the Group’s annual consolidated financial statements
          for the year ended 31 December 2023, except for the adoption of the following revised Hong Kong Financial
          Reporting Standards (“HKFRSs”) for the first time for the current period’s financial information.

           Amendments to HKFRS 16                         Lease Liability in a Sale and Leaseback
           Amendments to HKAS 1                           Classification of Liabilities as Current or Non-current (the “2020
                                                           Amendments”)
           Amendments to HKAS 1                           Non-current Liabilities with Covenants (the “2022 Amendments”)
           Amendments to HKAS 7 and                       Supplier Finance Arrangements
            HKFRS 7

          The application of these new and revised HKFRSs in the Reporting Period has had no material impact on the
          Group’s financial performance and positions for the current and prior periods and/or on the disclosures set
          out in these interim condensed consolidated financial statements.




36   China Traditional Chinese Medicine Holdings Co. Limited • Interim Report 2024
   NOTES TO INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL INFORMATION
                                                                                                           30 June 2024


3. OPERATING SEGMENTS INFORMATION

  The Group’s operating and reporting segments have been identified on the basis of internal management
  reports that are regularly reviewed by the executive directors, being the chief operating decision makers
  (“CODM”) of the Group, in order to allocate resources to segments and to assess their performances. The
  Group has four reportable operating segments as follows:

  i.     Yi Fang segment mainly engages in the manufacture and sales of concentrated TCM granules (“CTCMG”),
         TCM healthcare products, and TCM decoction pieces under “Yi Fang” brand. Majority of the revenue
         of Yi Fang segment is derived from the sales of CTCMG.

  ii.    Tian Jiang segment mainly engages in the manufacture and sales of CTCMG, TCM decoction pieces,
         and TCM healthcare products under “Tian Jiang” brand. The Tianjiang segment also provides a variety
         of Chinese medical related healthcare solutions, including Chinese medical consultation and diagnosis,
         TCM physiotherapy, and prescription with concentrated TCM granules, TCM decoction pieces and TCM
         healthcare product (the “TCM Healthcare Solutions”), through its offline medical institutions under “Tian
         Jiang” brand. Majority of the revenue of Tian Jiang segment is derived from the sales of CTCMG.

  iii.   Tong Ji Tang segment mainly engages in the manufacture and sale of CTCMG, TCM decoction pieces
         and TCM finished drugs under “Tong Ji Tang” brand. The Tong Ji Tang segment also engages in the
         manufacture and sale of a wide range of healthcare products in great health industry.

  iv.    Medi-World segment mainly engages in the manufacture and sales of TCM finished drugs under various
         brands, including but not limited to “Medi-world”, “De Zhong” and “Feng Liao Xing”; and provision
         of a variety of TCM Healthcare Solutions through its offline medical institutions under “Feng Liao Xing”
         brand.

  Management monitors the results of the Group’s operating segments respectively for the purpose of making
  decisions about resource allocation and performance assessment. For the purposes of assessing segment
  performance and allocating resources between segments, the CODM then monitors the results, assets and
  liabilities attributable to each reportable segment on the following bases:

  Segment performance is evaluated based on reportable segment results, which is a measure of adjusted profit
  or loss from the continuing operations. Adjusted profit or loss from the continuing operations is measured
  consistently with the Group’s profit after tax from continuing operations except that corporate expenses in
  head office are excluded from such measurement. Revenue, cost of sales, other gains and losses and all types
  of expenses are allocated to the reportable segments with reference to the transactions incurred by those
  segments or allocated on a reasonable basis.




                                             China Traditional Chinese Medicine Holdings Co. Limited • Interim Report 2024   37
     NOTES TO INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL INFORMATION
     30 June 2024


     3. OPERATING SEGMENTS INFORMATION (continued)

          Segment assets exclude financial assets at FVTPL, deferred tax assets and unallocated head office and corporate
          assets as these assets are managed on a group basis. Segment liabilities exclude tax payable, deferred tax
          liabilities and unallocated head office and corporate liabilities as these liabilities are managed on a group basis.

          Intersegment sales and transfers are transacted with reference to the selling prices used for sales made to
          third parties at the then prevailing market prices. Intersegment sales are eliminated on consolidation.

          The following tables present revenue and other segment information for the Group’s operating:

          (i)   Segment results, assets and liabilities

                                                                                            Six months ended 30 June 2024

                                                                  Yifang       Tian Jiang Tong Ji Tang       Medi-World      Elimination         Total
                                                                 RMB’000        RMB’000      RMB’000            RMB’000         RMB’000       RMB’000
                                                              (Unaudited)    (Unaudited) (Unaudited)         (Unaudited)    (Unaudited)    (Unaudited)

                  Segment revenue (note 4)

                  External customers                            2,861,789      1,913,739        1,242,853      2,367,092              –      8,385,473
                  Intersegment sales                              102,381        114,789          180,740        858,141     (1,256,051)             –

                  Total segment revenue                         2,964,170      2,028,528        1,423,593      3,225,233     (1,256,051)     8,385,473

                  Segment results                                155,035        (200,054)        163,585          98,804              –       217,370

                  Reconciliation:
                  Other unallocated head office and
                    corporate expenses                                                                                                          (3,227)

                  Profit for the period                                                                                                       214,143

                  Other segment information:

                  Interest income                                   3,226          1,610            1,332         10,152              –         16,320
                  Finance cost                                    (24,572)       (29,997)           8,650        (38,355)             –        (84,274)
                  Share of profits and losses of associates             –              1                –           (875)             –           (874)
                  Depreciation and amortisation                  (238,697)      (189,179)         (48,838)       (84,763)             –       (561,477)
                  Write-down of inventories                       (16,588)       (11,245)          (7,646)        (4,290)             –        (39,769)
                  Impairment losses under the expected
                     credit loss model, net of reversal           (69,848)       (78,949)          (9,646)          (325)             –       (158,768)




38   China Traditional Chinese Medicine Holdings Co. Limited • Interim Report 2024
   NOTES TO INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL INFORMATION
                                                                                                                              30 June 2024


3. OPERATING SEGMENTS INFORMATION (continued)

  (i)   Segment results, assets and liabilities (continued)

                                                                               Six months ended 30 June 2024

                                                       Yifang      Tian Jiang Tong Ji Tang     Medi-World       Elimination           Total
                                                      RMB’000       RMB’000      RMB’000          RMB’000          RMB’000         RMB’000
                                                   (Unaudited)   (Unaudited) (Unaudited)       (Unaudited)     (Unaudited)      (Unaudited)

         As at 30 June 2024 (Unaudited)

         Segment assets                             16,276,214    11,538,265       6,112,492     8,884,523               –       42,811,494

         Elimination of intersegment receivables                                                                                 (6,013,616)
         Deferred tax assets                                                                                                        233,627
         Corporate and other unallocated assets                                                                                     514,916

         Total assets                                                                                                            37,546,421

         Segment liabilities                         5,369,781     4,262,074       1,395,903     6,907,916               –       17,935,674

         Elimination of inter-segment payables                                                                                   (6,013,616)
         Tax liabilities                                                                                                             80,960
         Deferred tax liabilities                                                                                                 1,094,310
         Corporate and other unallocated
            liabilities                                                                                                            298,517

         Total liabilities                                                                                                       13,395,845




                                                      China Traditional Chinese Medicine Holdings Co. Limited • Interim Report 2024            39
     NOTES TO INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL INFORMATION
     30 June 2024


     3. OPERATING SEGMENTS INFORMATION (continued)

          (i)   Segment results, assets and liabilities (continued)

                                                                                           Six months ended 30 June 2023

                                                                  Yifang      Tian Jiang    Tong Ji Tang    Medi-World      Elimination         Total
                                                                RMB’000        RMB’000         RMB’000        RMB’000         RMB’000       RMB’000
                                                              (Unaudited)   (Unaudited)      (Unaudited)    (Unaudited)    (Unaudited)    (Unaudited)

                  Segment revenue (note 4)

                  External customers                           3,511,333     2,741,988        1,018,009      2,031,627              –      9,302,957
                  Intersegment sales                             183,864       129,170          150,580        736,379     (1,199,993)             –

                  Total segment revenue                        3,695,197     2,871,158        1,168,589      2,768,006     (1,199,993)     9,302,957

                  Segment results                                267,020       218,104           83,720         70,320               –       639,164

                  Reconciliation:
                  Other unallocated head office and
                    corporate expenses                                                                                                       (22,204)

                  Profit for the period                                                                                                      616,960

                  Other segment information:

                  Interest income                                  5,149         1,517            2,314          22,321              –        31,301
                  Finance cost                                   (43,389)      (35,447)          13,649         (40,251)             –      (105,438)
                  Share of profits and losses of associates            –             4                –          (1,800)             –        (1,796)
                  Depreciation and amortisation                 (234,728)     (189,701)         (53,142)        (89,599)             –      (567,170)
                  Reversal of inventories                          2,427         2,878            1,535           4,213              –        11,053
                  Impairment losses under the expected
                     credit loss model, net of reversal          (25,743)      (11,724)           (5,910)        (4,391)             –       (47,768)




40   China Traditional Chinese Medicine Holdings Co. Limited • Interim Report 2024
   NOTES TO INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL INFORMATION
                                                                                                                        30 June 2024


3. OPERATING SEGMENTS INFORMATION (continued)

  (i)   Segment results, assets and liabilities (continued)

                                                       Yifang    Tian Jiang   Tong Ji Tang   Medi-World   Elimination           Total
                                                     RMB’000      RMB’000        RMB’000       RMB’000      RMB’000          RMB’000

         As at 31 December 2023 (Audited)

         Segment assets                            15,836,717   12,160,190      5,855,965     7,577,820            –       41,430,692

         Elimination of intersegment receivables                                                                           (5,097,060)
         Deferred tax assets                                                                                                  219,480
         Corporate and other unallocated assets                                                                               515,236

         Total assets                                                                                                      37,068,348

         Segment liabilities                        5,001,209    4,646,332      1,309,704     5,688,360            –       16,645,605

         Elimination of inter-segment payables                                                                             (5,097,060)
         Tax liabilities                                                                                                      103,047
         Deferred tax liabilities                                                                                           1,187,045
         Corporate and other unallocated
            liabilities                                                                                                      293,093

         Total liabilities                                                                                                 13,131,730



  (ii) Geographical information and information about major customers

        Analysis of the Group’s non-current assets by geographical market has not been presented as substantially
        all of the Group’s assets are located in Mainland China, no geographical information as required by
        HKFRS 8 Operating Segments is presented.

        The Group’s customer base is diversified and none of the customers with whom transactions have
        exceeded 10% of the Group’s revenue in both current and prior periods.




                                                     China Traditional Chinese Medicine Holdings Co. Limited • Interim Report 2024       41
     NOTES TO INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL INFORMATION
     30 June 2024


     4. REVENUE

          (i)   Disaggregation of revenue from contracts with customers

                                                                                     Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                           2024            2023
                                                                                        RMB’000         RMB’000
                                                                                     (Unaudited)      (Unaudited)

                  Types of goods or services
                    Concentrated TCM granules                                          3,479,735        4,930,591
                    TCM finished drugs                                                 2,418,349        2,034,759
                    TCM decoction pieces                                               1,576,914        1,305,191
                    Chinese medicinal herbs integration business                         754,277          880,585
                    TCM great health                                                     156,198          151,831

                  Total                                                                8,385,473        9,302,957



                                                                                     Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                           2024            2023
                                                                                        RMB’000         RMB’000
                                                                                     (Unaudited)      (Unaudited)

                  Geographical markets
                   Chinese Mainland                                                    8,341,715        9,256,673
                   Hong Kong, China                                                       26,287           19,600
                   Overseas and others                                                    17,471           26,684

                  Total                                                                8,385,473        9,302,957

                  Timing of revenue recognition
                    At point in time                                                   8,385,473        9,302,957




42   China Traditional Chinese Medicine Holdings Co. Limited • Interim Report 2024
   NOTES TO INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL INFORMATION
                                                                                                                            30 June 2024


4. REVENUE (continued)

   (ii) Set out below is the reconciliation of the revenue from contracts with customers
        to the amounts disclosed in the segment information:

                                                                                                 Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                                       2024                      2023
                                                                                                    RMB’000                   RMB’000
                                                                                                 (Unaudited)                (Unaudited)

             Revenue from contracts with customers
               External customers                                                                    8,385,473                9,302,957
               Intersegment sales                                                                    1,256,051                1,199,993

             Subtotal                                                                                9,641,524              10,502,950

             Intersegment adjustments and eliminations                                              (1,256,051)              (1,199,993)

             Total                                                                                   8,385,473                9,302,957




5. OTHER INCOME

                                                                                                 Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                                       2024                      2023
                                                                                                    RMB’000                   RMB’000
                                                                                                 (Unaudited)                (Unaudited)

     Government grants
       Unconditional subsidies (note i)                                                                  39,669                   30,040
       Conditional subsidies (note ii)                                                                   20,097                   18,088
     Interest income on bank deposits                                                                    16,320                   31,301
     Rental income from investment properties                                                             3,511                    3,701

     Total other income                                                                                  79,597                   83,130



   Notes:

   (i)      The amount represents subsidy income received from various government authorities as incentives to the Group to recognise their
            contribution to the local economy.

   (ii)     Including government grants and subsidies have been received to compensate for the Group’s research and development expenditures,
            which relate to future costs to be incurred and require the Group to comply with conditions attached to the grants and the
            government to acknowledge the compliance of these conditions. These grants are recognised in profit or loss when related costs
            are subsequently incurred and the Group receives government’s acknowledgement of compliance. Other government grants have
            been received to compensate for the construction of the production line. The subsidies are recognised in profit or loss over the
            useful lives of the relevant assets.




                                                        China Traditional Chinese Medicine Holdings Co. Limited • Interim Report 2024           43
     NOTES TO INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL INFORMATION
     30 June 2024


     6. OTHER GAINS AND LOSSES

                                                                                                             Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                                                   2024                        2023
                                                                                                                RMB’000                     RMB’000
                                                                                                             (Unaudited)                  (Unaudited)

            Penalty interests (note i)                                                                              (52,708)                      (312)
            Donation                                                                                                (13,114)                   (12,386)
            (Loss)/gain on disposal of property, plant and equipment                                                 (1,752)                        48
            Net exchange gain/(loss)                                                                                    920                     (1,547)
            Others                                                                                                    1,886                        193

            Total                                                                                                   (64,768)                   (14,004)



          Note:

          (i)     Penalty interests mainly represented the penalty interest in relation to the under provision in income taxes in prior periods as disclosed
                  in note 9 Income Tax Expense.



     7. FINANCE COSTS

                                                                                                             Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                                                   2024                        2023
                                                                                                                RMB’000                     RMB’000
                                                                                                             (Unaudited)                  (Unaudited)

            Interest on bank borrowings                                                                              56,181                     52,889
            Interest on lease liabilities                                                                             2,928                      2,464
            Effective interest expense on unsecured notes                                                            24,213                     50,085
            Factoring of trade receivables                                                                              952                          –

            Total                                                                                                    84,274                   105,438




44   China Traditional Chinese Medicine Holdings Co. Limited • Interim Report 2024
   NOTES TO INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL INFORMATION
                                                                                                                              30 June 2024


8. PROFIT BEFORE TAX

   The Group’s profit before tax is arrived at after charging/(crediting):

                                                                                                   Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                  Notes                  2024                       2023
                                                                                                      RMB’000                    RMB’000
                                                                                                   (Unaudited)                 (Unaudited)

       Cost of inventories sold                                                                        4,324,219                4,544,981
       Included: Write-down/(reversal) of inventories to net
                  realisable value*                                                                        39,769                   (11,053)

       Depreciation
       – property, plant and equipment                                                                   338,963                   339,709
       – investment properties                                                                             2,299                     3,619
       – right-of-use assets                                                                              24,794                    23,136
       Amortisation of other intangible assets                                                           195,421                   200,706

       Total depreciation and amortisation                                                               561,477                   567,170

       Research and development costs                                                                    267,925                   313,614

       Foreign exchange (gain)/loss, net                                            6                         (920)                   1,547
       Loss/(gain) on disposal of property, plant and
         equipment                                                                  6                       1,752                        (48)
       Loss on disposal of other intangible assets                                  6                          11                        222
       Impairment losses recognised in respect of
       – trade receivables                                                          16                   156,817                     46,776
       – other receivables                                                          16                     1,934                        122
       – debt instruments at FVTOCI                                                 16                        17                        870



   *       The write-down/(reversal) of inventories to net realisable value is included in “Cost of sales” in the interim condensed consolidated
           statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income.




                                                        China Traditional Chinese Medicine Holdings Co. Limited • Interim Report 2024              45
     NOTES TO INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL INFORMATION
     30 June 2024


     9. INCOME TAX EXPENSE

          No provision for Hong Kong Profits Tax has been made in the interim condensed consolidated financial
          statements as the Group has no assessable profit in Hong Kong for both periods.

          Under the Law of the People’s Republic of China on Enterprise Income Tax (the “EIT Law”) and Implementation
          Regulation of the EIT Law, the tax rate of the PRC subsidiaries is 25% for both periods. Certain subsidiaries
          of the Group were qualified enterprises located in the western region of the PRC or recognised as advanced
          and new technology enterprises and, accordingly, enjoyed a preferential enterprise income tax rate of 15%.
          Certain subsidiaries of the Group were qualified enterprise with operation of medicinal plants primary processing
          business in the PRC and enjoys a full enterprise income tax exemption.

                                                                                                       Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                                             2024                      2023
                                                                                                          RMB’000                   RMB’000
                                                                                                       (Unaudited)                (Unaudited)

            Current
             PRC EIT                                                                                         114,262                  164,902
             Under/(over) provision in prior periods (note i)                                                 78,004                  (12,561)
            Deferred                                                                                        (106,975)                 (62,489)

            Total tax charge for the period                                                                    85,291                   89,852



          Note:

          (i)     During the six months ended 30 June 2024, certain subsidiaries of the Group have been inspected by local tax bureaus, or have
                  conducted self-inspection following the tax audit notices issued by local tax bureaus, respectively. These subsidiaries have made
                  provisions based on the best estimate of under provision on relevant income tax during the respective periods ranging from year
                  2017 to year 2023.



     10. DIVIDENDS

          No dividend was proposed for the six months ended 30 June 2024 and year ended 31 December 2023 (six
          months ended 30 June 2023: Nil).




46   China Traditional Chinese Medicine Holdings Co. Limited • Interim Report 2024
   NOTES TO INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL INFORMATION
                                                                                                         30 June 2024


11. EARNINGS PER SHARE ATTRIBUTABLE TO ORDINARY EQUITY HOLDERS
    OF THE COMPANY

  The calculation of the basic earnings per share amounts is based on the profit for the period attributable to
  ordinary equity holders of the Company of RMB210,979,000 (six months ended 30 June 2023: RMB578,742,000),
  and the weighted average number of ordinary shares of 5,035,801,000 (2023: 5,035,801,000) in issue during
  the period.

  The calculations of basic and diluted earnings per share are based on:

                                                                                Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                       2024                   2023
                                                                                    RMB’000                RMB’000
                                                                                 (Unaudited)             (Unaudited)

   Earnings
   Profit for the period attributable to the owners of the Company                    210,979                578,742



                                                                                      Number of shares
                                                                                Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                          2024                   2023

   Shares
   Weighted average number of ordinary shares for the purpose of
     basic earnings per share (in thousand)                                         5,035,801              5,035,801



  No diluted earnings per share for both periods was presented as there were no dilutive potential ordinary
  shares in issue during both current and prior periods.




                                           China Traditional Chinese Medicine Holdings Co. Limited • Interim Report 2024   47
     NOTES TO INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL INFORMATION
     30 June 2024


     12. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT AND RIGHT-OF-USE ASSETS

          During the six months ended 30 June 2024, the Group incurred approximately RMB48,931,000 (six months ended
          30 June 2023: RMB89,144,000), and RMB160,389,000 (six months ended 30 June 2023: RMB266,259,000)
          on acquisition of property, plant and equipment and construction in process, respectively.

          Assets with a net book value of RMB2,133,000 were disposed of by the Group during the six months ended
          30 June 2024 (30 June 2023: RMB2,581,000), resulting in a net loss on disposal of RMB1,752,000 (30 June
          2023: gain of RMB48,000).

          Certain of the Group’s buildings and equipment with carrying values of RMB680,226,000 (2023:
          RMB672,502,000) were pledged to secure certain bank borrowings and bills payables granted to the Group.

          The Group has lease contracts for various items of buildings and other equipment used in its operations. Lump
          sum payments were made upfront to acquire the leased land from the owners with lease periods of 30 to
          50 years, and no ongoing payments will be made under the terms of these land leases. Leases of buildings
          generally have lease terms between 1 to 10 years. Other equipment generally has lease terms of 12 months
          or less and/or is individually of low value. Generally, the Group is restricted from assigning and subleasing
          the leased assets outside the Group. On lease commencement date, the Group recognized right-of-use assets
          of RMB42,160,000 (six months ended 30 June 2023: RMB2,704,000) and lease liabilities of RMB40,841,000
          (six months ended 30 June 2023: RMB2,792,000), respectively.

          Certain of the Group’s right-of-use assets with carrying values of RMB61,727,000 (2023: RMB91,902,000)
          were pledged to secure certain bank borrowings and bills payables granted to the Group.


     13. GOODWILL AND INTANGIBLE ASSETS

                                                                                                          Intangible
                                                                                       Goodwill               assets
                                                                                       RMB’000              RMB’000

           Cost and carrying amount:

           At 1 January 2024 (audited)                                                 3,457,903           5,486,365
           Additions                                                                           –                  31
           Transfer from construction in progress                                              –               8,400
           Amortisation for the period                                                         –            (195,421)
           Disposals                                                                           –                 (12)

           At 30 June 2024 (unaudited)                                                 3,457,903           5,299,363




48   China Traditional Chinese Medicine Holdings Co. Limited • Interim Report 2024
   NOTES TO INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL INFORMATION
                                                                                                         30 June 2024


14. INVENTORIES

                                                                                     30 June           31 December
                                                                                        2024                  2023
                                                                                    RMB’000                RMB’000
                                                                                 (Unaudited)               (Audited)

    Raw materials                                                                   1,568,556              1,754,470
    Work in progress                                                                1,699,140              1,834,172
    Finished goods                                                                  2,317,958              2,370,507

    Total                                                                           5,585,654              5,959,149



   The inventories are net of a write-down of approximately RMB164,095,000 at 30 June 2024 (31 December
   2023: RMB125,485,000).


15. TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES

                                                                                     30 June           31 December
                                                                                        2024                  2023
                                                                                    RMB’000                RMB’000
                                                                                 (Unaudited)               (Audited)

    Trade receivables                                                               9,910,697              9,289,650
    Less: allowance for credit losses                                                (274,975)              (118,367)

                                                                                    9,635,722              9,171,283

    Deposits and prepayments                                                           83,923                133,641
    Advance tax payments                                                              178,589                203,094
    Other receivables                                                                 393,023                209,861
    Less: allowance for credit losses and impairment losses                           (33,169)               (31,235)

                                                                                      622,366                515,361

    Total                                                                         10,258,088               9,686,644



   The Group allows a credit period within 365 days to trade customers including distributors, hospitals and
   primary health care institutions.




                                           China Traditional Chinese Medicine Holdings Co. Limited • Interim Report 2024   49
     NOTES TO INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL INFORMATION
     30 June 2024


     15. TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES (continued)

          An ageing analysis of the trade receivables as at the end of the reporting period, based on the invoice date
          is as follows:

                                                                                         30 June       31 December
                                                                                            2024              2023
                                                                                        RMB’000            RMB’000
                                                                                     (Unaudited)           (Audited)

           0 to 90 days                                                                4,608,347          5,371,081
           91 to 180 days                                                              2,104,256          1,941,711
           181 to 365 days                                                             2,495,530          1,893,764
           Over 365 days                                                                 702,564             83,094

           Total                                                                       9,910,697          9,289,650




     16. IMPAIRMENT ASSESSMENT ON FINANCIAL ASSETS AND OTHER ITEMS
         SUBJECT TO EXPECTED CREDIT LOSS (“ECL”) MODEL

                                                                                     Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                           2024               2023
                                                                                        RMB’000            RMB’000
                                                                                     (Unaudited)         (Unaudited)

           Impairment losses recognised in respect of
             – trade receivables                                                        (156,817)           (46,776)
             – other receivables                                                          (1,934)              (122)
             – debt instruments at FVTOCI                                                    (17)              (870)

           Total                                                                        (158,768)           (47,768)



          The basis of the determination of the inputs and assumptions and the estimation techniques used in the
          condensed consolidated financial statements for the six months ended 30 June 2024 are the same as those
          followed in the preparation of the Group’s annual financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2023.




50   China Traditional Chinese Medicine Holdings Co. Limited • Interim Report 2024
   NOTES TO INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL INFORMATION
                                                                                                          30 June 2024


17. DEBT INSTRUMENTS AT FVTOCI

                                                                                      30 June           31 December
                                                                                         2024                  2023
                                                                                     RMB’000                RMB’000
                                                                                  (Unaudited)               (Audited)

    Bills receivable                                                                   937,005                886,777



   The amounts represent the bills receivables that were held under the “hold to collect and sell” business model.
   As at 30 June 2024, the Group’s debt instruments at FVTOCI amounted to RMB221,610,000 (31 December
   2023: RMB213,481,000) were pledged as security for bank facilities of bills payables and bank borrowings
   granted to the Group.


18. PLEDGED BANK DEPOSITS/CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS

   (a) Pledged bank deposits

        The amounts represent the guarantee deposits for bills payables and carry interest at market rates ranging
        from 0.2% to 1.85% per annum (2023: 0.20% to 1.80%).

   (b) Bank balances and cash

        Included in bank balances and cash is RMB3,438,433,000 (2023: RMB2,986,819,000) which represents
        cash held by the Group and short-term deposits carried interest at prevailing market rates ranging from
        0.2% to 1.65% per annum (2023: 0.10% to 2.00% per annum) with original maturity of three months
        or less as at 30 June 2024.

        The remaining of bank balances were restricted cash of RMB165,388,000 (2023: RMB30,499,000), in
        which RMB153,656,000 (2023: RMB19,661,000) represents the cash collected on behalf of factoring
        institutions under the non-recourse factoring arrangement of trade receivables with the Group.

        Included in pledged bank deposits/bank balances and cash are RMB10,495,000 (2023: RMB13,789,000)
        and RMB2,730,000 (2023: RMB1,813,000), which are denominated in HK$ and US$ respectively, the
        currencies other than functional currency of the relevant group entities.

        Cash at banks earns interest at floating rates based on daily bank deposit rates. The bank balances and
        deposits are deposited with creditworthy banks with no recent history of default.




                                            China Traditional Chinese Medicine Holdings Co. Limited • Interim Report 2024   51
     NOTES TO INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL INFORMATION
     30 June 2024


     19. TRADE AND OTHER PAYABLES

                                                                                         30 June         31 December
                                                                                            2024                2023
                                                                                        RMB’000              RMB’000
                                                                                     (Unaudited)             (Audited)

           Trade payables                                                              1,959,718            1,689,929
           Bills payable                                                                 866,903            1,052,727
           Deposits                                                                    1,230,112            1,083,413
           Salaries and welfare payables                                                 344,771              459,795
           Other tax payables                                                            151,565              168,947
           Accrual of operating expenses                                               1,048,691              962,296
           Dividend payable                                                               62,606               65,204
           Payable under the non-recourse factoring arrangement                          153,656               19,661
           Other payables                                                                503,013              547,735

           Total                                                                       6,321,035            6,049,707



          An ageing analysis of the trade and bills payables as at the end of the reporting period, based on the invoice
          date, is as follows:

                                                                                         30 June         31 December
                                                                                            2024                2023
                                                                                        RMB’000              RMB’000
                                                                                     (Unaudited)             (Audited)

           0 to 90 days                                                                2,096,074            2,129,680
           91 to 180 days                                                                469,311              458,940
           181 to 365 days                                                               198,298              107,337
           Over 365 days                                                                  62,938               46,699

           Total                                                                       2,826,621            2,742,656




     20. INTEREST-BEARING BANK AND OTHER BORROWINGS

          During the current interim period, the Group obtained new bank and other borrowings amounting to
          RMB3,199,149,000 (six months ended 30 June 2023: RMB2,896,277,000), repaid bank and other borrowings
          amounting to RMB2,216,596,000 (six months ended 30 June 2023: RMB888,414,000). The loans carried
          interest at fixed market rates ranging from 0.9% to 4.75% and were repayable in instalments over a period
          of 6 years.




52   China Traditional Chinese Medicine Holdings Co. Limited • Interim Report 2024
   NOTES TO INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL INFORMATION
                                                                                                          30 June 2024


21. UNSECURED NOTES

   On 17 July 2023, the Company issued the short-term commercial papers in an aggregate amount of
   RMB800,000,000, with a maturity of 270 days and a coupon rate of 2.32% per annum, which was fully
   repaid on 14 April 2024.

   On 18 May 2023, the Company issued the medium-term notes in an aggregate amount of RMB1,200,000,000,
   with a maturity of three years and a coupon rate of 3.04% per annum.


22. SHARE CAPITAL

                                          Number of shares                                Share capital
                                          30 June         31 December                  30 June          31 December
                                             2024                2023                     2024                 2023
                                              ’000               ’000                 RMB’000               RMB’000

    Authorised                           Unlimited number of ordinary shares with no par value

    Issued and fully paid               5,035,801             5,035,801            11,982,474             11,982,474




23. CONTINGENT LIABILITIES

   During the period, the Group endorsed certain bills receivable for the settlement of trade and other payables.
   In the opinion of the directors of the Company, the Group has transferred the significant risks and rewards
   relating to these bills receivable, and the Group’s obligations to the corresponding counterparties were
   discharged in accordance with the commercial practice in the PRC and the risk of the default in payment of the
   endorsed and discounted bills receivable is low because all endorsed and discounted bills receivable are issued
   and guaranteed by reputable PRC banks. As a result, the relevant assets and liabilities were not recognized
   on the consolidated financial statements. The maximum exposure to the Group that may result from the
   default of these endorsed and discounted bills receivable at the end of the reporting period are as follows:

                                                                                       30 June          31 December
                                                                                          2024                 2023
                                                                                      RMB’000               RMB’000
    Outstanding endorsed and discounted bills receivable
     with recourse                                                                     148,887                195,229




                                            China Traditional Chinese Medicine Holdings Co. Limited • Interim Report 2024   53
     NOTES TO INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL INFORMATION
     30 June 2024


     24. PLEDGED ASSETS

          The following assets were pledged as securities for notes payable and interest-bearing bank and other
          borrowings:

                                                                                         30 June   31 December
                                                                                            2024          2023
                                                                                        RMB’000        RMB’000
                                                                                     (Unaudited)       (Audited)

           Property, plant and equipment and Investment properties                      680,226        672,502
           Right-of-use assets                                                           61,727         91,902
           Debt instruments at FVTOCI                                                   221,610        213,481
           Pledged bank deposits                                                        168,178        249,958

           Total                                                                       1,131,741     1,227,843




     25. CAPITAL COMMITMENTS

          The Group had the following capital commitments at the end of the reporting period:

                                                                                         30 June   31 December
                                                                                            2024          2023
                                                                                        RMB’000        RMB’000
                                                                                     (Unaudited)       (Audited)

           Contracted for but not provided in the condensed consolidated
            financial statements:
            – Investments in PRC entity                                                   1,873              –
            – Acquisition of other intangible assets                                        601          5,613
            – Acquisition of property, plant and equipment                              110,154        147,257

           Total                                                                        112,628        152,870




54   China Traditional Chinese Medicine Holdings Co. Limited • Interim Report 2024
   NOTES TO INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL INFORMATION
                                                                                                       30 June 2024


26. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS

  (a) Names of the Group’s principal related parties and their relationship with the
      Group:

       Name of related parties                                  Relationship

       China National Pharmaceutical                            Ultimate controlling party
         Group Corporation’s (“CNPGC”)
       CNPGC’s subsidiaries other than the Group                Fellow subsidiaries of the Group
       Ping An Bank                                             Fellow subsidiary of a substantial shareholder

  (b) During the current interim period, the Group had the following transactions with
      related parties during the period:

                                                                              Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                     2024                   2023
                                                                                  RMB’000                RMB’000
                                                                               (Unaudited)             (Unaudited)

       (i) Sale of finished goods to CNPGC’s subsidiaries other
             than the Group                                                         712,468                661,259

       (ii) Purchase of raw materials from CNPGC’s subsidiaries
              other than the Group                                                   75,222                  44,173

       (iii) Other purchase from CNPGC’s subsidiaries other than
               the Group                                                               2,949                  2,441

       (iv) Rental income from CNPGC’s subsidiaries other than
              the Group                                                                1,672                  1,250

       (v) Interest income from CNPGC’s subsidiaries other than
             the Group                                                                   666                    291

       (vi) Interest income from Ping An Bank                                              15                     65

       (vii) Interest expense to Ping An Bank                                               7                      –




                                         China Traditional Chinese Medicine Holdings Co. Limited • Interim Report 2024   55
     NOTES TO INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL INFORMATION
     30 June 2024


     26. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (continued)

          (c) Particulars of significant balances between the Group and the related parties are
              as follows:

                                                                                         30 June     31 December
                                                                                            2024            2023
                                                                                        RMB’000          RMB’000
                                                                                     (Unaudited)         (Audited)

                  (i) Trade and other receivables due from CNPGC’s
                        subsidiaries other than the Group                               508,663          787,903

                  (ii) Trade and other payables due to CNPGC’s subsidiaries
                         other than the Group                                             27,596           42,385

                  (iii) Bank deposits placed in CNPGC’s subsidiaries other
                          than the Group as included in bank balances and
                          cash set out in note 18                                       302,915          586,714

                  (iv) Bank deposits placed in Ping An Bank as included in
                         bank balances and cash set out in note 18                         1,933            7,046



          (d) Key management remuneration

                Remuneration for key management personnel of the Group is as follows:

                                                                                     Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                           2024            2023
                                                                                        RMB’000         RMB’000
                                                                                     (Unaudited)      (Unaudited)

                  Short-term employee benefits                                             3,648            3,062
                  Post-employment benefits                                                   386              248

                  Total compensation paid to key management personnel                      4,034            3,310




56   China Traditional Chinese Medicine Holdings Co. Limited • Interim Report 2024
   NOTES TO INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL INFORMATION
                                                                                                              30 June 2024


26. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (continued)

   Transactions/balances with other state-controlled entities

   The Group itself is part of a large group of companies under CNPGC, which is controlled by the government
   of the PRC. Apart from the transactions with the parent company and its subsidiaries which have been
   disclosed in other notes to the consolidated financial statements, the Group also conducts businesses with
   entities directly or indirectly owned or controlled, jointly controlled or significantly influenced by the PRC
   government (“stated-controlled entities”) in the ordinary course of business. The directors of the Company
   consider those entities other than the CNPGC group are independent third parties as far as the Group’s
   business transactions with them are concerned. In establishing its pricing strategies and approval process for
   transactions with other state-controlled entities, the Group does not differentiate whether the counterparty is
   a state-controlled entity or not. The Group is of the opinion that it has provided, in the best of its knowledge,
   adequate and appropriate disclosure of related party transactions in the consolidated financial statements.

   The Group has bank balances deposited in and entered into various transactions, including sales, purchases,
   borrowings and other operating expenses, with other state-controlled entities during the current year in
   which the directors of the Company are of the opinion that it is impracticable to ascertain the identity of the
   controlling parties of these counterparties and accordingly whether the counterparties are state-controlled
   entities.


27. FAIR VALUE AND FAIR VALUE HIERARCHY OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS

   Some of the Group’s financial assets are measured at fair value at the end of each reporting period. The
   following table gives information about how the fair values of these financial assets are determined (in
   particular, the valuation technique(s) and inputs used), as well as the level of the fair value hierarchy into
   which the fair value measurements are categorised (Levels 1 to 3) based on the degree to which the inputs
   to the fair value measurements is observable.

   •    Level 1 fair value measurements are those derived from quoted prices (unadjusted) in active market for
        identical assets or liabilities;

   •    Level 2 fair value measurements are those derived from inputs other than quoted prices included within
        Level 1 that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly (i.e. as prices) or indirectly (i.e. derived
        from prices); and

   •    Level 3 fair value measurements are those derived from valuation techniques that include inputs for the
        asset or liability that are not based on observable market data (unobservable inputs).




                                                China Traditional Chinese Medicine Holdings Co. Limited • Interim Report 2024   57
     NOTES TO INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL INFORMATION
     30 June 2024


     27. FAIR VALUE AND FAIR VALUE HIERARCHY OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
         (continued)

          Fair value of the Group’s financial assets that are measured at fair value on a recurring
          basis

                                                                                     Fair value Valuation technique and
           Financial assets                              Fair value as at            hierarchy key inputs
                                                       30 June       31 December
                                                          2024              2023
                                                      RMB’000            RMB’000

           Financial assets at FVTOCI
           Bills receivable                            937,005             886,777   Level 3      Discounted cash flow at a
                                                                                                   discount rate that reflects
                                                                                                   the issuer’s current
                                                                                                   discount rate at the end
                                                                                                   of the reporting period



          There were no transfers between Level 1 and 3 during both current and prior periods.

          Except as disclosed below, the directors of the Company consider that the carrying amounts of financial assets
          and financial liabilities recorded at amortised cost in the interim condensed consolidated financial statements
          approximate their fair values at the end of the reporting period.

          Unsecured notes

                                                                                                30 June        31 December
                                                                                                   2024               2023
                                                                                               RMB’000             RMB’000

           Carrying amount                                                                     1,201,692           2,027,652

           Fair value under Level 2 fair value hierarchy                                       1,221,036           2,018,958



          The fair values of the financial liabilities included in the Level 2 category above have been determined in
          accordance with generally accepted pricing models based on a discounted cash flow analysis, with the most
          significant inputs being the discount rate that reflects the credit risk of the Company.


     28. APPROVAL OF THESE INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
         STATEMENTS

          These interim condensed consolidated financial statements were approved and authorised for issue by the
          board of directors on 28 August 2024.




58   China Traditional Chinese Medicine Holdings Co. Limited • Interim Report 2024
