                                                                   2025
                                                                             Interim Report
    2025 中期報告   China Traditional Chinese Medicine Holdings Co. Limited   2025 Interim Report
中
國
中
藥
控
股
有
限
公
司
                                                                   2025
                                                                             中期報告
                                                      CONTENTS

                                       CORPORATE INFORMATION      2
                         MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS       3
                                            OTHER INFORMATION    25
                        REPORT ON REVIEW OF INTERIM CONDENSED    28
                            CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
    INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR LOSS   30
                             AND OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION   31
INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY    33
      INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS     34
NOTES TO INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL INFORMATION    35
    CORPORATE INFORMATION

    BOARD OF DIRECTORS                                                STRATEGIC COMMITTEE
    Executive Directors                                               Mr. YANG Jun (Chairman)
                                                                      Mr. LI Hongjian
    Mr. YANG Jun (Chairman)                                           Mr. PENG Li
    Mr. LI Hongjian                                                   Mr. LIU Haijian
    Mr. PENG Li                                                       Mr. LI Xiangrong
                                                                      Mr. YU Tze Shan Hailson
    Non-executive Directors                                           Mr. QIN Ling
    Mr. LIU Haijian
    Mr. LI Xiangrong                                                  REGISTERED OFFICE
    Mr. ZU Jing
    Ms. XU Jinghui                                                    Room 1601, Emperor Group Centre
    Mr. HUANG Hao                                                     288 Hennessy Road
                                                                      Wanchai
    Independent Non-executive Directors                               Hong Kong

    Mr. XIE Rong                                                      Tel: (852) 2854 3393
    Mr. YU Tze Shan Hailson                                           Fax: (852) 2544 1269
    Mr. QIN Ling                                                      Email: publicrelation@china-tcm.com.cn
    Mr. LI Weidong
                                                                      STOCK CODE
    COMPANY SECRETARY
                                                                      The shares of China Traditional Chinese Medicine
    Ms. NG Sau Mei                                                    Holdings Co. Limited are listed on The Stock Exchange
                                                                      of Hong Kong Limited
    AUDIT COMMITTEE
                                                                      Stock code: 00570
    Mr. XIE Rong (Chairman)
    Mr. ZU Jing                                                       AUDITOR
    Mr. YU Tze Shan Hailson
    Mr. QIN Ling                                                      BDO Limited
    Mr. LI Weidong                                                    25/F, Wing On Centre
                                                                      111 Connaught Road
    REMUNERATION AND EVALUATION                                       Hong Kong
    COMMITTEE
                                                                      SHARE REGISTRAR AND TRANSFER
    Mr. QIN Ling (Chairman)                                           OFFICE
    Mr. XIE Rong
    Mr. YU Tze Shan Hailson                                           Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited
    Mr. LI Weidong                                                    Shops 1712-1716
                                                                      17th Floor, Hopewell Centre
    NOMINATION COMMITTEE                                              183 Queen’s Road East
                                                                      Wanchai
    Mr. YANG Jun (Chairman)                                           Hong Kong
    Mr. LI Hongjian
    Ms. XU Jinghui                                                    PRINCIPAL BANKERS
    Mr. XIE Rong
    Mr. YU Tze Shan Hailson                                           China Merchants Bank Co., Ltd.
    Mr. QIN Ling                                                      Ping An Bank Co., Ltd.
    Mr. LI Weidong                                                    Industrial and Commercial Bank of China Limited
                                                                      Bank of China (Hong Kong) Limited

                                                                      WEBSITE
                                                                      www.china-tcm.com.cn




2   China Traditional Chinese Medicine Holdings Co. Limited • Interim Report 2025
                             MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

INTRODUCTION

The board (the “Board”) of directors (the “Directors”) of China Traditional Chinese Medicine Holdings Co. Limited
(the “Company”) is pleased to announce the unaudited consolidated results of the Company and its subsidiaries
(collectively referred to as the “Group”) prepared under Hong Kong Financial Reporting Standards for the six
months ended 30 June 2025 (the “Reporting Period”, the “Period”), together with comparative figures for the
corresponding period of 2024 and relevant explanatory notes. The consolidated results are unaudited but have
been reviewed by the Company’s independent auditor, BDO Limited, and the audit committee of the Board (the
“Audit Committee”).


OVERVIEW

During the Reporting Period, the Group’s revenue was approximately RMB7,463,383,000, representing a decrease of
11.0% compared with approximately RMB8,385,473,000 for the same period last year. This was mainly attributed
to the decline in sales revenue during the Period as a result of significant increase in the proportion of centralised
procurement of concentrated TCM granules, intensified market competition and other factors. Meanwhile, the
Group actively promoted the optimization of its business structure. The Chinese medicinal herbs integration business
focused on the development of local varieties and advantageous varieties, strategically reducing low-margin and
high-risk businesses, resulting in a year-on-year decrease in revenue for the Period. The TCM great health suspended
certain product lines and businesses that were homogeneous and lacked market competitiveness, resulting in a
decline in revenue for the Period.

To analyse by revenue of each of the operating products, revenue from the Chinese medicinal herbs integration
business was approximately RMB445,584,000, representing a year-on-year decrease of 40.9% and accounting for
6.0% of the total revenue. Revenue from the TCM decoction pieces business was approximately RMB1,596,128,000,
representing a year-on-year increase of 1.2% and accounting for 21.4% of the total revenue. Revenue from the
concentrated TCM granules business was approximately RMB2,990,750,000, representing a year-on-year decrease
of 14.1% and accounting for 40.1% of the total revenue. Revenue from the TCM finished drugs business was
approximately RMB2,308,809,000, representing a year-on-year decrease of 4.5% and accounting for 30.9% of
the total revenue. Revenue from the TCM great health business was approximately RMB122,112,000, representing
a year-on-year decrease of 21.8% and accounting for 1.6% of the total revenue.

Gross profit was approximately RMB3,634,593,000, representing a decrease of 10.5% compared with approximately
RMB4,061,254,000 for the same period last year. Gross profit margin was 48.7%, representing an increase of 0.3
percentage point compared with 48.4% for the same period last year, which was mainly due to the increase in
the proportion of centralised procurement of concentrated TCM granules, which led to a further decline in gross
profit margin. However, the gross profit margin of the TCM decoction pieces business increased significantly due
to the optimisation of sales structure and the improvement of internal production management level.




                                                China Traditional Chinese Medicine Holdings Co. Limited • Interim Report 2025   3
    MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



    BUSINESS REVIEW

    In the first half of 2025, the TCM industry strengthened foothold in core areas and enhanced quality guided by
    the policy, and united efforts to advance along standardised pathways. The Group adhered to its principles while
    exploring new paths by seizing the opportunities, and steadily embarked on a new journey of quality development.
    Leveraging the five business sectors of Chinese medicinal herbs integration business, TCM decoction pieces,
    concentrated TCM granules, TCM finished drugs and TCM great health, the Group improved its development
    quality and operational efficiency relying on a solid industrial layout and through resource integration, reform and
    transformation, which was promoted by quality and efficiency enhancement and collaborative innovation.

    I.   Firmly implement the strategies of five major businesses and enhance high-quality
         development level

         (I)   Chinese medicinal herbs integration business

               Chinese medicinal herbs are the material foundation for the development of TCM and have a strategic
               impact on the national economy and people’s livelihoods. Most Chinese medicinal herbs are naturally
               grown and harvested seasonally, and the origins of authentic medicinal materials are distinctly regional.
               Their prices and yields are susceptible to factors such as natural conditions, economic environment, and
               market supply and demand. Between 2022 and the first half of 2024, the prices of Chinese medicinal
               herbs experienced significant increases. Although the price index for key Chinese medicinal herbs has
               gradually retreated since mid-July 2024, the overall market remains in a high and volatile range. Against
               this backdrop, the Group strategically exited high-risk, low-margin businesses and implemented refined
               cost control plans to cope with market challenges and enhance development resilience.

               To achieve supply-demand balance, supply security and strategic reserve management of Chinese
               medicinal herbs, and to connect data across the entire supply chain of on-site, in-transit and in-warehouse
               inventory, the Group initiated the construction of a Chinese medicinal herbs inventory management
               system at the beginning of 2025. The project is currently progressing steadily, which will gradually
               realise visualised presentation and standardised management of inventory data, laying a solid digital
               and institutional foundation for a new model for the all-round management of Chinese medicinal
               herbs inventory. During the Reporting Period, the Group conducted an in-depth survey on origins and
               markets of Chinese medicinal herbs, continuously strengthened price monitoring and trend forecasting
               mechanisms, and established a strategic reserve model based on Chinese medicinal herbs market trend
               analysis and supported by industrial demand. This increased the Group’s ability to stabilise the quality
               and cost of industrial raw materials, and continuously enhance supply chain resilience and sustainability.




4   China Traditional Chinese Medicine Holdings Co. Limited • Interim Report 2025
                                           MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


    The Group continued to expand the construction of Good Agricultural Practice (the “GAP”) for Chinese
    medicinal herbs bases that meet the Group’s development needs. As of 30 June 2025, the Group has
    jointly built a total of 162 production bases for Chinese medicinal herbs in 22 provinces (regions and
    municipalities) across China, involving a total of 109 Chinese medicinal herbs varieties and with a base
    area of more than 459,000 mu, of which 95 varieties have been put online in the TCM quality traceability
    system; it has built a total of 24 seed and seedling breeding bases, with an area of 2,347.5 mu and
    involving 22 key Chinese medicinal herbs varieties. During the Reporting Period, houttuynia cordata
    newly passed the GAP compliance inspection, with a total of 24 varieties passed the GAP compliance
    inspection. Leveraging the Quality and Technical Service Platform for Traditional Chinese Medicine whole
    industry chain, the Group, based on its core systems, being “Chinese medicinal herbs production quality
    traceability system” and “TCM industrial production quality traceability system”, successfully established
    a closed-loop quality traceability system encompassing the entire supply chain of “seed and seedling –
    Chinese medicinal herbs production – industrial processing – sales”.

(II) TCM decoction pieces

    During the Reporting Period, the Group actively exploited its advantage of regional presence in the TCM
    decoction pieces segment, strengthened collaboration with existing clients, and continued to cultivate
    the medical terminal market, developing over 400 new medical terminal clients. Simultaneously, the
    Group continued to leverage its competitive strength in the TCM decoction pieces business, establishing
    a leading position in five regions, including Beijing, Shanghai, Guangdong, Shandong and Guizhou, thus
    accelerated the integrated and coordinated regional development.

    The Group’s characteristic business of share of TCM · Intelligent Distribution Centers continued to expand
    in terms of volume and scope, effectively driving the growth in sales volume of TCM decoction pieces and
    a significant increase in sales revenue from the medical terminal business. During the Reporting Period,
    sales revenue from medical decoction pieces increased by 10.3% year-on-year; 3.83 million prescriptions
    for decoction and delivery were completed, with a total production of 28.48 million doses, representing
    a year-on-year growth of approximately 15%. At the same time, the Group actively adjusted its sales
    strategy, exploring new varieties and new customers through the sales of toxic decoction pieces and
    protected-wildlife-based decoction pieces, and continuously strengthened market expansion and product
    structure optimisation.


    Since April 2025, the nationwide centralised procurement of TCM decoction pieces, spearheaded by
    the Shandong Provincial Healthcare Security Administration, has been launched in phases and steadily
    implemented across provinces (regions and municipalities). This centralised procurement includes 45
    commonly used clinical varieties, including astragalus and codonopsis. Clear quantity, price and quality
    standards are set for the supply of TCM decoction pieces to public medical institutions, emphasizing
    “good quality and competitive price”. Participating companies must meet even stricter quality thresholds
    to qualify for bidding. A total of 13 subsidiaries, 45 varieties and 84 specifications of the Group were
    successfully selected. The price reductions of varieties for the centralised procurement will help to enhance
    the Group’s brand benefits and influence in the industry in spite of putting certain downward pressure
    on business operation results of the Group’s TCM decoction pieces in the short term. The Group will
    implement effective production and stocking plans to provide the market with standardised, large-scale
    and fully traceable TCM decoction pieces.


                                         China Traditional Chinese Medicine Holdings Co. Limited • Interim Report 2025   5
    MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


         (III) Concentrated TCM granules

               Centralised procurement of concentrated TCM granules is a key component of the modernisation of
               TCM and healthcare reform. Since the initial publication of “Announcement on Centralized Procurement
               of the Procurement Alliance of Concentrated TCM Granules” (《中藥配方顆粒採購聯盟集中採購公告》)
               by the Shandong Public Resources Trading Center, the centralised procurement of concentrated TCM
               granules has entered a new stage of standardisation. In March 2024, the Beijing-Tianjin-Hebei “3+N”
               alliance, led by the Tianjin Healthcare Security Administration, expanded to cover Jiangsu, Henan,
               Guizhou and other regions. In April 2024, the Gansu Province launched the fifth batch of centralised
               bulk-buying of medicines (special project for concentrated TCM granules). As of 30 June 2025, the
               centralised procurement of concentrate TCM granules has been fully implemented in all 22 provinces
               (regions and municipalities) included in the centralised procurement.


               During the Reporting Period, affected by the price reduction of centralised procurement, rising costs,
               intensified market competition and other factors, the revenue and profitability of the Group’s concentrated
               TCM granules experienced phased decreases. The centralised procurement places higher demands on
               concentrated TCM granules companies, requiring them to improve production processes, strengthen
               quality management and control, and improve traceability systems. During the cycle of industry
               transformation and adjustment, the Group integrated key resources to promote business transformation
               and upgrading, and continued to explore new models for sustainable development in the context of
               centralised procurement.


               In terms of marketing expansion, the Group continued to reinforce academic research and clinical
               applications of concentrated TCM granules. Through means such as pharmaceutical property analysis,
               evidence accumulation of efficacy advantages and promotion of alternative solutions, the Group built
               an evidence chain system to increase physicians’ awareness and acceptance of concentrated TCM
               granules. In the meantime, the Group steadily advanced the development of comprehensive hospitals,
               and expanded terminal coverage and customer loyalty on an on-going basis.

               In terms of cost management and control, the Group, on the one hand, optimised its production processes
               and extraction procedures, carried out process innovations for its concentrated TCM granules varieties
               to increase the utilisation rate of medicinal materials, and promoted the standardised transformation of
               extraction processes to reduce production losses. On the other hand, the Group intensified intelligent
               manufacturing and digital application, deployed automated production lines and intelligent supply chain
               optimisation systems, and increased production efficiency and responsiveness to centralised procurement
               orders through full-process digital control.




6   China Traditional Chinese Medicine Holdings Co. Limited • Interim Report 2025
                                          MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


(IV) TCM finished drugs

    During the Reporting Period, by following the customer-centric, market-oriented, marketing-led and
    innovation-driven approach, the Group deepened the production and sales synergy, promoted market
    integration, focused on core varieties of TCM finished drugs, and continued to promote healthy
    development of the industry.

    In terms of prescription drugs business, with the core goal of increasing direct sales to terminals
    and the focus on expanding the coverage of graded terminals, the Group meticulously cultivated its
    presence in core terminals. The “One Person, One Hospital, One Benchmark” (一人一院一標桿) project
    continued to deliver results. During the Reporting Period, over 1,750 new secondary and above medical
    institutions were developed, further increasing the market penetration. Xianling Gubao (仙靈骨葆) and
    Jingshu Granules (頸舒顆粒) continued to ascend their market positions in the orthopedics field, while
    Moisturising & Anti-Itching Capsule (潤燥止癢膠囊) consolidated its leading position in the dermatology
    field. Key varieties such as Xianling Gubao (仙靈骨葆) and Jinye Baidu Granules (金葉敗毒顆粒) achieved
    sales exceeding RMB100 million, achieving a positive year-on-year growth.

    In terms of OTC business, factors such as overall outpatient planning, adjustments to medical insurance
    policies and the online channels sales diversion have narrowed the growth potential of the brick-and-
    mortar pharmacy retail market, bringing operating pressure to nationwide chain pharmacies in general.
    Against this backdrop, sales of the Group’s related products have been impacted to a certain extent. The
    Group proactively addressed these challenges, conducted online business layout, made breakthroughs
    and efforts in brand promotion, variety exploration and new retail models, and completed systematic
    connection with multiple core e-commerce platforms. Meanwhile, the Group continuously improved the
    layout of national chain customers and concentrated resources on strengthening core chain partnerships.
    The coverage of Biyankang Tablets (鼻炎康片), Yu Ping Feng Granules (玉屏風顆粒), Chongcao Qingfei
    Capsules (蟲草清肺膠囊) and Yaoshen Paste (腰腎膏) in the “10+200” chain catalogue continued to
    increase.

    During the Reporting Period, the Group conducted in-depth research on the relationship between
    disease treatment and variety development, and actively promoted the inclusion of its core products
    in the medication guidelines and expert consensus for related disease treatment fields. A total of 47
    guidelines, consensuses and textbooks have been approved for access, continuously improving the
    high-level evidence for products in their respective fields and accelerating clinical research and the
    transformation of research results.




                                       China Traditional Chinese Medicine Holdings Co. Limited • Interim Report 2025   7
    MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


          (V) TCM great health

               The Group seizes new opportunities regarding the development of TCM great health industry in China,
               and relying on its own resource advantages, steadily explores new and innovative business models.

               In terms of TCM great health products, the Group restructured its existing product portfolio, focusing on
               distinctive varieties, premium decoction pieces and medicine-food homology varieties, while simultaneously
               promoting the expansion and integration of the marketing channel resources. In terms of TCM medical
               institutions, the Group maintains a core focus on TCM products and technologies, aiming to provide
               comprehensive and diverse TCM health services to the public. During the Reporting Period, the Group
               saw a total of approximately 74,000 outpatient visits; introduced a rehabilitation program for “poor
               posture correction”, constantly iterating and upgrading its business categories.

    II.   Technology empowers the innovation chain, leading the new future of TCM

          The Group firmly adheres to the leading role of technological innovation, solidifies its scientific research
          infrastructure, and steadily promotes high-quality development of technological innovation. During the
          Reporting Period, the Group continued to build high-level scientific research platforms, and the Guangdong
          Provincial Engineering Technology Research Center (Feng Liaoxing) for TCM Decoction Pieces was newly added,
          which will provide core technology and quality assurance for the Group’s innovative development in the
          field of TCM decoction pieces. As of 30 June 2025, the Group had 52 laboratories and technology platforms
          recognised by the government at the provincial level and above, covering various business segments including
          TCM decoction pieces, concentrated TCM granules and TCM finished drugs, which will continuously provide
          strong impetus for the technological advancement of the Group’s industrial chain.

          The Group owns industry-leading research capabilities, and its innovative achievements have been repeatedly
          recognised by authoritative bodies. The project “Evidence-Based Evaluation and Effect Mechanism of Qingda
          Granules in Preventing and Treating Hypertension” (清達顆粒防治高血壓的循證評價及效應機制), engaged by
          Jiangyin Tianjiang Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd., won the second prize of the Science and Technology Award from
          China Academy of Chinese Medical Sciences; and the project “Full-Chain Quality Improvement and Industrial
          Application of Chinese Medicinal Herbs with Different Medicinal Parts” (不同入藥部位中藥材全鏈條質量提
          升與產業化應用), engaged by Shandong Yifang Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd., won the Science and Technology
          Innovation Award of China Industry-University-Research Institute Collaboration Association.

          Research on Chinese medicinal herbs continues to advance. The international standard proposal for epimedium
          developed by Sinopharm Group Tongjitang (Guizhou) Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. has been approved by the
          International Organization for Standardization and is currently in the Draft International Standard stage.

          Research on TCM decoction pieces continues to yield innovative results, and the standard research is progressing
          in an orderly manner. Sinopharm Group Beijing Huamiao Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. won the third prize in the
          Hebei Provincial Science and Technology Progress Award for its project “Establishment and Application of a
          Standardized Production Technology System for High-Quality Spine Date Seeds” (高品質酸棗仁標準化生產技
          術體系構建與應用); the processing specifications for three TCM decoction pieces, including those for spine
          date seeds, stir-fried spine date seeds and cumin, which it participated in drafting, were published by the
          Chinese Pharmacopoeia Commission in April 2025.



8   China Traditional Chinese Medicine Holdings Co. Limited • Interim Report 2025
                                               MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


   Research on concentrated TCM granules remains at the forefront. During the Reporting Period, the Chinese
   Pharmacopoeia Commission issued 26 new national drug standards for concentrated TCM granules, of which
   the Group completed research on 18 standards, accounting for approximately 69%. As of 6 August 2025,
   the Chinese Pharmacopoeia Commission cumulatively issued nine batches of national drug standards for
   concentrated TCM granules, covering a total of 369 varieties, of which the Group completed research on
   211 varieties, accounting for approximately 57%.

   New breakthroughs have been achieved in the research and development of TCM finished drugs. During the
   Reporting Period, the National Medical Product Administration (“NMPA”) has accepted the new drug application
   of Yushuda Tablets, the Class 1.1 innovative traditional Chinese medicine of the Group. Meanwhile, the Group
   continued to advance secondary development of advantageous varieties and post-marketing re-evaluation of
   marketed varieties. During the Reporting Period, three evidence-based medical studies were conducted on
   Yu Ping Feng Granules (玉屏風顆粒) and Jinye Baidu Granules (金葉敗毒顆粒). Through multi-dimensional
   evaluation, medical strategy analysis and scientific research project planning, the Group focused on improving
   product quality and technological content, thereby empowering product development.

III. Deepen modern governance reform and lay a solid foundation for high-quality
     development

   (I)   Optimise governance structure and risk management and control to enhance the new
         effectiveness of scientific decision-making

         During the Reporting Period, the Company completed adjustments to the composition of the Board
         and special committees. The newly appointed Directors possess extensive experience in key areas such
         as corporate governance, organization and human resources, financial auditing and pharmaceutical
         investment, injecting new strength into the Board. The Group continued to strengthen and improve
         its corporate governance mechanisms, and established a checklist of rights and responsibilities for key
         matters. This has further clarified the boundaries of rights and responsibilities among various governance
         entities, enabling coordinated operations and further enhancing scientific decision-making and strategic
         execution capabilities.

         The Group takes into account both economic benefits and social responsibility, deeply embeds the
         Environmental, Social and Governance (“ESG”) concept into the corporate strategic genes, continuously
         explores and practices on the path of ESG governance, which further strengthens the foundation for
         high-quality development of the TCM industry. The Group obtained the A-level certification from CCX
         Green Finance International Limited in 2025.

         The Group strengthens internal management and control and risk prevention by implementing the
         “strategy + operation” model, reinforcing headquarters coordination and business strategy guidance, and
         thus improving management penetration. At the same time, the Group deepens the construction of the
         “annual major risk assessment + quarterly dynamic monitoring” prevention and control mechanism, and
         comprehensively applies qualitative and quantitative methods to strengthen pre-emptive identification
         and advance the prevention and control of potential major risks at an earlier time.




                                             China Traditional Chinese Medicine Holdings Co. Limited • Interim Report 2025   9
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


          (II) Build a characteristic talent system for TCM and activate the driving force for innovative
               development

                During the Reporting Period, the Group continued to strengthen the development of its outstanding
                young cadre team and continuously improved its talent development system with TCM characteristics.
                Through iteratively updating the “Brigadier Scheme” training program, and continuously improving the
                talent development system of “Five-Element & Great-Plan”, the Group established talent development
                programs with TCM characteristics, and continuously enhanced the comprehensive capabilities of
                outstanding young cadres. As of 30 June 2025, the Group had 587 certified internal lecturers, representing
                an increase of approximately 8.1% compared to the end of 2024.

                The Group currently has three employees enjoying special government allowances from the State Council,
                two national master craftsmen, one deputy chief scientist of Chinese medicinal herbs in the national
                modern agricultural industry technology system, and 100 scientific and technological talents of Class IV or
                above within Sinopharm Group, including five leading talents and 16 leaders in disciplines (fields). Talents
                who graduated from high-level colleges and universities accounted for approximately 6%, representing
                an increase of approximately 1% compared to the end of 2024. The number of individuals with senior
                professional titles increased by approximately 19.4% compared to the end of 2024. The Group won
                the “2025 Outstanding Employer” brand award from 51job, Inc..

          (III) Strengthen the foundation of production safety and fulfill the commitment to green
                sustainable development

                The Group continues to promote special actions for production safety as well as energy conservation and
                environmental protection, implementing dynamic management and control throughout the entire process.
                In terms of production safety, the Group continuously strengthened the investigation and management of
                potential hazards, conducted 27 supervisory inspections of its subsidiaries, and proactively implemented
                rectification measures based on identified hazards. During the Reporting Period, a total of 784 special
                training sessions were held, involving 30,428 participants in areas such as machine operation, fire
                emergency response, hazardous chemical management, confined space operations and electrical safety.

                In terms of energy conservation and environmental protection, the Group deployed work around five
                major directions, including pollution management in key areas, ecological and environmental risk
                prevention and control, and the promotion of carbon peaking and carbon neutrality, so as to ensure the
                effective implementation of annual plan. Meanwhile, 96 internal training sessions on energy conservation
                and environmental protection were conducted with the focus on environmental protection knowledge
                dissemination, wastewater treatment, waste management and other aspects, which continuously
                deepened the accumulation and application of professional energy conservation and environmental
                protection technologies.




10   China Traditional Chinese Medicine Holdings Co. Limited • Interim Report 2025
                                                MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


IV. Policy Update

    During the Reporting Period, various national departments issued multiple policies related to the development
    of TCM. The industry policies related to the Group are as follows:

    On 3 January 2025, the General Office of the State Council issued the “Opinions on Comprehensively
    Deepening Regulatory Reforms for Drugs and Medical Devices to Promote High-Quality Development of the
    Pharmaceutical Industry” (《關於全面深化藥品醫療器械監管改革促進醫藥產業高質量發展的意見》), which
    clearly states that a regulatory system applicable to pharmaceutical innovation will be established by 2027,
    and that regulatory modernisation will be essentially achieved by 2035. Key reforms in TCM field include:
    improving a distinctive TCM review and evidence system that integrates TCM theory, human experience
    and clinical trials, and establishing a mechanism for medical institutions to standardise the collection and
    organisation of human experience data; supporting the transformation of prescriptions of renowned senior
    TCM practitioners and TCM preparations from medical institutions into new traditional Chinese medicines,
    and encouraging the application of new technologies to improve marketed TCM varieties; granting market
    exclusivity periods to proprietary TCM varieties; allowing the cross-provincial sales of TCM decoction pieces
    prepared according to provincial specifications, and allowing the direct cross-provincial sales of concentrated
    TCM granules produced according to national standards; prioritising the review and approval of substitutes for
    endangered medicinal materials, and expanding the import of high-quality medicinal resources from abroad.

    On 9 January 2025, the National Healthcare Security Administration (“NHSA”) issued the “Notice on Promoting
    the Reform of Real-time Settlement of Basic Medical Insurance Funds” (《關於推進基本醫保基金即時結算
    改革的通知》), which explicitly requires real-time settlement in 80% of coordinated regions nationwide by
    2025, with full coverage by 2026. This policy will shorten the payment cycle for medical institutions from six
    months to within 30 days, covering outpatient, inpatient, purchase of medicines and other medical expenses
    at designated medical institutions, and support innovative models such as separation of appropriation and
    review, and payment on a case-by-case basis. The first batch of 76 coordinated regions in 17 provinces served
    as pilot provinces and cities for real-time settlement of basic medical insurance funds, and started to carry
    out real-time settlement from January to May 2025. The remaining provinces will fully launch the initiative
    from July to December 2025. Among them, Anhui Province, as a pioneering province nationwide, has already
    implemented the new real-time settlement model for the compensation and settlement of medical insurance
    funds for inpatient expenses at designated medical institutions.

    On 14 January 2025, the State Administration for Market Regulation issued the “Compliance Guidelines for
    Pharmaceutical Enterprises to Prevent Commercial Bribery Risks” (《醫藥企業防範商業賄賂風險合規指引》).
    The guidelines categorise the risk points of commercial bribery in nine specific scenarios, such as academic
    exchanges, business receptions, donations, sponsorships and funding, into three levels based on the degree
    of illegality risk, namely prohibition, avoidance and attention, and clearly define four tiers of behavioral
    standards, namely “shall”, “may”, “recommended” and “encouraged”. Through a “positive list + negative
    list” model, the guidelines promote the shift of commercial bribery governance from post-incident punishment
    to pre-emptive prevention, providing pharmaceutical enterprises with a compliance operation framework
    across the entire process.




                                             China Traditional Chinese Medicine Holdings Co. Limited • Interim Report 2025   11
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


          On 23 January 2025, the General Office of the State Council issued the “Anti-monopoly Guidelines for
          the Pharmaceutical Field” (《關於藥品領域的反壟斷指南》) (the “Guidelines”), which aim to establish a
          comprehensive regulatory framework for the entire pharmaceutical industry chain, with the focus on regulating
          three types of monopolistic practices. Firstly, to prohibit operators from jointly setting prices, dividing markets
          and restricting production to curb collusive price hikes; secondly, to crack down channel manipulation
          behaviors, such as over-invoicing at multiple levels to drive up drug prices and disrupting supply to gain
          competitive advantages; thirdly, to restrict the abuse of intellectual property rights that hinder market access
          for new drugs. The introduction of the Guidelines helps operators in the pharmaceutical field deepen and
          unify their understanding and recognition on the application of the Anti-monopoly Law in such field, and
          enables pharmaceutical enterprises to effectively prevent and mitigate legal risks, jointly creating a fair and
          competitive market environment in the pharmaceutical field.

          On 14 February 2025, the NHSA released the “List of 2025 First Key Matters for ‘Efficiently Completing One
          Thing’ in the Medical Insurance Field” (《醫保領域「高效辦成一件事」2025年度第一批重點事項清單》)
          (the “List”). The List covers six core tasks: real-time settlement of medical insurance and designated medical
          institutions, direct settlement for centrally procured drugs, medical consumables and nationally negotiated
          drugs, nationwide online review and approval for pharmaceutical product listings, direct settlement of cross-
          provincial expenses for ten outpatient chronic and special diseases, one-time withdrawal of balances from
          employee medical insurance personal accounts and cross-provincial pooled use of funds. The List specifies
          that by the end of 2025, 80% of the coordinated areas nationwide should achieve real-time settlement, and
          that online review and direct settlement should be promoted nationwide.

          On 17 February 2025, the National Administration of Traditional Chinese Medicine (the “NATCM”) issued
          the “Implementation Rules for the Management of Key Special Projects under the National Key Research
          and Development Program Led by the NATCM” (《國家中醫藥管理局主責國家重點研發計劃重點專項管理
          實施細則》) (the “Rules”), which clearly state that the special projects should focus on addressing clinical
          issues in TCM, improving service capabilities, scientifically elucidating the efficacy mechanisms of TCM, and
          organising interdisciplinary collaborative research around key issues in basic research, clinical research and
          industrial development. The implementation of these special projects adheres to the principles of demand-driven
          development, open innovation, target management and accountability, with the entire process integrated into
          the national science and technology management information system. Meanwhile, the Rules clearly define
          the responsibilities of various relevant parties, including the responsible entities and professional institutions.
          Project undertaking units are required to be independent legal entities registered in Mainland China for at
          least one year. Furthermore, the Rules emphasise the flexible application of various selection methods and
          organisational models, including competitive selection, targeted entrustment, “open competition mechanism
          to select the best candidates”, “horse racing mechanism” and young scientist programs, so as to select
          outstanding research teams to undertake these projects based on the characteristics of the tasks.




12   China Traditional Chinese Medicine Holdings Co. Limited • Interim Report 2025
                                             MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


On 5 March 2025, the Third Session of the 14th National People’s Congress opened in Beijing, with Premier
Li Qiang of the State Council delivering a government work report (the “Report”) to the Congress. The
Report emphasises the need to “strengthen basic medical and health services” and promote the coordinated
development and governance of medical care, medical insurance and pharmaceuticals. It also calls for the
expansion and transfer of high-quality medical resources to lower levels and their balanced regional distribution,
and implementing projects to strengthen the foundation of medical and health care. In addition, it is required
to optimise the centralised procurement policies for drugs and strengthen quality assessment and supervision.
It also emphasises steadily promoting provincial-level coordination of basic medical insurance, improving basic
medical insurance financing and benefit adjustment mechanisms, deepening reform of medical insurance
payment methods, and promoting hierarchical diagnosis and treatment. In terms of TCM, it is necessary to
improve the mechanisms for the inheritance, innovation and development of TCM and promote the high-
quality development of the TCM business and industry.

On 19 March 2025, four departments including the NHSA jointly issued the “Notice on Strengthening the
Collection and Application of Drug Traceability Codes in the Fields of Medical Insurance and Work-related
Injury Insurance” (《關於加強藥品追溯碼在醫療保障和工傷保險領域採集應用的通知》), which requires to
strengthen the collection and application of drug traceability codes in the fields of medical insurance and
work-related injury insurance. In principle, starting from 1 July 2025, it is required to scan drug traceability
codes during the sales process for medical insurance settlement purposes, while previously uncoded drugs will
be temporarily included in the “uncoded database” for settlement. From 1 January 2026 onwards, all medical
institutions must fully collect and upload drug traceability codes. Drug traceability codes will be widely used in
medical insurance catalog negotiations, commercial insurance catalog development, listing on provincial-level
centralised drug procurement platforms, centralised volume-based procurement and other fields.

On 20 March 2025, the General Office of the State Council issued the “Opinions on Improving the Quality
of Traditional Chinese Medicine and Promoting the High-Quality Development of the Traditional Chinese
Medicine Industry” (《關於提升中藥質量促進中醫藥產業高質量發展的意見》), which proposes 21 key tasks
in eight aspects around the entire TCM industry chain: firstly, to strengthen the protection and utilisation of
TCM resources, standardise the development and utilisation of rare TCM resources, break through a series
of breeding, biomimetic and alternative technologies for rare TCM resources, and promote the statistical
monitoring of TCM resources; secondly, to improve the development level of the Chinese medicinal herbs
industry, develop modern Chinese medicinal herbs seed industry, promote the ecological planting and
breeding of Chinese medicinal herbs, while strengthening the construction of circulation and reserve system
for Chinese medicinal herbs, and improving the price supervision mechanism of Chinese medicinal herbs;
thirdly, to accelerate the transformation and upgrading of the TCM industry, optimise the layout, improve
manufacturing quality and cultivate famous and high-quality brands; fourthly, to promote the value assessment
and allocation of TCM products, develop evaluation models and optimize centralized procurement policies;
fifthly, to strengthen scientific and technological innovation in TCM, build a high-level platform and support
the transformation of results; sixthly, to reinforce the quality supervision of TCM, improve standards and
review exit mechanisms; seventhly, to promote the open development of TCM, advance higher-level openness,
and facilitate the international registration and market expansion of TCM products; eighthly, to improve
comprehensive governance capabilities and guarantee levels, strengthen overall leadership, promote talent
team building and increase financial support.




                                           China Traditional Chinese Medicine Holdings Co. Limited • Interim Report 2025   13
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


          On 9 April 2025, 12 departments including the Ministry of Commerce and the National Health Commission
          jointly issued the “Special Action Plan to Promote Healthy Consumption” (《促進健康消費專項行動方案》),
          proposing 10 key tasks to cultivate new productive forces in healthy consumption, improve supply quality, and
          meet people’s healthy consumption needs. Specific measures include deepening the reform of the registration
          and filing system for special foods, and improving the review and evaluation mechanism for health foods;
          supporting the development of health industries such as medical tourism and biopharmaceuticals in free trade
          zones; vigorously developing new service formats such as health checkups, consulting and management,
          focusing on enhancing differentiated, intelligent and customised service capabilities.

          On 24 April 2025, seven departments including the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology and
          the NMPA jointly issued the “Implementation Plan for the Digital and Intelligent Transformation of the
          Pharmaceutical Industry (2025-2030)” (《醫藥工業數智化轉型實施方案(2025-2030年)》), proposing a two-step
          development goal: by 2027, significant progress will be achieved in the digital and intelligent transformation
          of the pharmaceutical industry, with notable improvements in the competitiveness of the entire pharmaceutical
          industry chain and the quality management across the full lifecycle driven by digital and intelligent technologies;
          by 2030, pharmaceutical industrial enterprises above the designated scale will basically achieve full coverage of
          digital and intelligent transformation, the integrated innovation capability of digital and intelligent technologies
          will be greatly enhanced, the data system of the entire pharmaceutical industry chain will be further improved,
          and the ecosystem for the digital and intelligent transformation of the pharmaceutical industry will be further
          strengthened.

          On 25 April 2025, the NHSA issued the “Notice on Launching the Reform Pilot for Smart Supervision” (《關
          於開展智能監管改革試點的通知》) (the “Reform Pilot”), which aimed to reduce illegal and unlawful use of
          medical insurance funds at the source by bringing checkpoints forward. The Reform Pilot requires to establish
          a fully audited, closed-loop management mechanism to standardise processes and ensure traceability; at
          the same time, a scenario-based monitoring module shall be established to compare, analyze and identify
          suspected fraudulent claims. Under the condition of not affecting patients’ normal medical treatment, not
          interfering with normal medical activities and not imposing additional burden on medical staff, full coverage
          of monitoring is implemented for key scenarios such as hemodialysis.

          On 29 April 2025, the State Council issued the “Regulations on the Protection of New Varieties of Plants of
          the People’s Republic of China (Revised in 2025)” (《中華人民共和國植物新品種保護條例(2025修訂)》) (the
          “Regulations”). The Regulations fully implement the decisions and arrangements regarding the implementation
          of the seed industry revitalisation action and the enhancement of legal protections for intellectual property
          rights. It is required to strengthen the protection of new varieties of plants while promoting innovation and
          development in the seed industry, implement the revised Seed Law, further refine and improve relevant systems,
          and ensure the connection with relevant international treaties, providing a solid institutional guarantee for
          China’s seed industry to gain an advantage in international competition.




14   China Traditional Chinese Medicine Holdings Co. Limited • Interim Report 2025
                                             MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


On 23 May 2025, the NHSA issued the “Announcement on Public Release of the First Batch of Rules and
Knowledge Points for the “Two Databases” under Smart Supervision” (《關於公開發佈第一批智能監管「
兩庫」規則和知識點的公告》), which publicly released the first batch of rules and knowledge points for
the “Two Databases” under smart supervision. It covers a total of 11,290 items in five categories, including
gender-specific use, and pediatric-specific/restricted use of drugs and medical services. The announcement
aims to help designated medical institutions proactively comply with regulations through intelligent means,
bring the regulatory checkpoints forward, and strengthen the “first line of defense” for fund security. At the
same time, the development of “Two Databases” supports the reform of DRG/DIP payment methods. Through
deep integration, it promotes a shift from “extensive” medical insurance fund supervision to “precise” medical
insurance fund supervision, standardising medical practices and increasing the sustainability of reform.

On 5 June 2025, the NHSA issued the “Notice on Further Improving the Trustworthiness Evaluation System
for Drug Prices and Procurement by Bidding” (《關於進一步完善醫藥價格和招採信用評價制度的通知》), with
the main revised contents covering four aspects: firstly, on the basis of the original court judgment cases and
penalty decisions by relevant law enforcement administrative departments, audit reports and other case sources
shall be added; secondly, the classification of dishonesty shall be simplified from four levels to three levels,
with stricter standards; thirdly, penalties shall be strengthened, with companies engaging in bribery or bid-
rigging collusion in centralised procurement being subject to the maximum penalty, including a nationwide ban
on the sale of implicated products and accountability extended to marketing authorisation holders; fourthly,
relevant procedures shall be refined. Corrective measures for dishonest behavior shall be further refined, with
companies encouraged to rectify through price reductions, rather than charitable donations.

On 13 June 2025, fourteen departments including the NHSA and the Ministry of Commerce jointly issued the
“Notice on the Key Points for the Rectification of Unethical Practices in the Field of Pharmaceutical Purchasing
and Sales and Medical Services in 2025” (《2025年糾正醫藥購銷領域和醫療服務中不正之風工作要點的通
知》), proposing 15 tasks across three key areas: top-level design, purchase and sales management and
service rectification. In terms of top-level design, the focus shall be on improving the synchronous mechanism
to the investigation and resolution of the unethical practices and corruption, and strengthening the Party
building in medical and health institutions; in terms of purchase and sales management, the focus shall be
on key regulatory areas such as drug and medical consumables as well as tendering, strengthening regulatory
responsibilities throughout the entire process, implementing penetrating audit supervision, establishing a full-
process traceability mechanism from production to distribution, and improving the “blacklist” system for bribery;
in terms of service rectification, the focus shall be on cracking down on funeral corruption, standardising online
medical treatment, strengthening the supervision of medical ethics and style, and effectively safeguarding the
security of medical insurance funds.

On 24 June 2025, the NHSA issued the “Notice on Further Strengthening the Management of Designated
Medical Institutions for Medical Security” (《關於進一步加強醫療保障定點醫療機構管理的通知》), focusing
on key links such as inclusion in designated institutions, agreement management and exit. It clarifies work
measures in three aspects: strictly guarding the entry standard, standardising process management, and
strengthening exit mechanisms to promote the high-quality development of medical institutions.




                                           China Traditional Chinese Medicine Holdings Co. Limited • Interim Report 2025   15
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


          On 27 June 2025, the National Health Commission issued the “National Tertiary Public Hospital Performance
          Monitoring Operation Manual (2025 Edition)” (《國家三級公立醫院績效監測操作手冊(2025版)》) to further
          optimise the performance appraisal system for tertiary public TCM hospitals. This revision updates some
          monitoring indicators: firstly, expand the statistical scope of TCM treatment costs, adding TCM special
          processing and dietary therapy based on syndrome differentiation; secondly, adjust the monitoring rules for
          the increase in expense to more accurately reflect hospital operations; thirdly, delegate authority for monitoring
          scientific research funding, adjust the previous national-level monitoring projects to provincial-level management
          projects. Through scientific and refined assessment guidance, guiding medical institutions in the rational use
          of drugs and promoting the sustainable development of TCM and innovative drugs.

     V.   Work Arrangement for the Next Step

          Driven by factors such as policy adjustments and intensified market competition, the competitive landscape of
          the pharmaceutical industry has changed significantly where the industry has entered a stage of competition
          for existing market share and survival of the fittest in niche markets. In July 2025, the eleventh batch of
          national organised centralised drug procurement was launched in accordance with the principles of “stabilising
          clinical application, ensuring quality, preventing bid rigging and countering internally vicious competition”.
          It aims to guide the industry back to rational competition and is an important measure for the country to
          support the high-quality development of the pharmaceutical industry. In the second half of 2025, in the face
          of market changes, the Group will rapidly construct a leading TCM industrial cluster based on the principles of
          “specialised management, intensive operation and integrated coordination” to promote the development model
          shifting from scale orientation to value creation. Based on technological innovation and deepening of reform,
          the Group will improve the internal industrial chain coordination and connection, promote cost reduction
          and efficiency enhancement, further strengthen organisational team building and enhance management and
          coordination capabilities, thus laying a solid foundation for the start of the “15th Five-Year Plan”. Specific
          measures include:

          Firstly, optimise the layout structure and systematically build a new collaboration system. Promote
          the layout of processing clusters in the place of origin, and gradually develop advantageous varieties of local
          medicinal materials to achieve “quality improvement and cost control” through fresh-graded processing in
          the place of origin; focus on the supply of authentic medicinal materials to ensure the storage of medicinal
          raw materials, build a nationwide three-dimensional supply system to achieve “locking resources and ensuring
          supply” of raw materials by implementing on-site reserves of medicinal materials, independent reserves of
          major varieties and supplier reserves; optimise the production structure layout, establish a new collaboration
          model for the manufacture of concentrated TCM granules across regions, cultivate lean factories for TCM
          preparations, and promote the upgrading of core equipment in the production process; establish a marketing
          collaboration system to promote the coordinated development of concentrated TCM granules and TCM
          decoction pieces, so as to achieve joint access to medical terminals, and create comprehensive service abilities.




16   China Traditional Chinese Medicine Holdings Co. Limited • Interim Report 2025
                                            MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


Secondly, enhance efficiency through lean management and implement multiple measures to improve
operational effectiveness. Integrate internal extraction and formulation production capacity, and promote
the transfer of production to low-cost and high-margin regions with market competitiveness, thereby improving
internal production capacity efficiency; leverage the price control function of centralised procurement, expand
the scope of centralised procurement and increase the overall centralised procurement rate to achieve volume-
for-price trade-offs; implement tiered supplier management and improve the supply chain system to play a
role in “enhancing quality, ensuring supply and stabilising prices”; comprehensively reduce sales expenses
through marketing system integration, business team restructuring and business model reform.

Thirdly, focus on transformation to address shortcomings and stimulate the enterprise’s development
momentum from multiple perspectives. Continue to optimise the organisational structure and management
hierarchy, improve decision-making and authorisation procedures, optimise control and supervision mechanisms,
and develop the penetrating control and coordination of professional functions at the headquarters over the
subsidiaries, striving to achieve “one unified plan” for operations and the “flat” management; establish a
“challenge and lead” mechanism, improve the collaborative innovation system between scientific research,
production and quality, and promote collaborative research and development on product varieties, processes
and quality, promote the implementation and transformation of scientific and technological achievements in
line with the strategic needs of the Company, focus on promoting the issuance and supplement of Yushuda
Tablets and clinical research on expanded indications for TCM finished drugs; further advance the overall
digital transformation plan, coordinate the digitalisation of the industry and the digitalisation of management
and control projects, accelerate the application of digital technologies and the implementation of artificial
intelligence scenarios, and comprehensively support the transformation, upgrading and value extension of
the TCM industry chain.

Fourthly, consolidate the foundation and prevent risks and build a comprehensive and robust
foundation for development. Deepen analysis on policies and industry and enhance external corporation,
formulate local centralised procurement response measures tailored to local conditions, and proactively advance
in scientific and technological breakthroughs, production process improvements, market development and
online channel development; enhance the safety of the TCM industry chain, focus on the construction of the
Environment, Health, Safety and Quality system, implement safety hazard inspection and treatment and quality
control risk inspection and supervision, gradually remove data bottlenecks and obstacles, and strengthen the
integrated operation of technology research and development, production, manufacturing and external sales
data; enhance the refinement of contract management and strengthen the access supervision for service
providers, and continuously strengthen compliance and risk prevention and control.




                                         China Traditional Chinese Medicine Holdings Co. Limited • Interim Report 2025   17
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



     BUSINESS ANALYSIS

     During the Reporting Period, the Group’s revenue was approximately RMB7,463,383,000, representing a decrease
     of 11.0% from approximately RMB8,385,473,000 for the same period last year. Revenue and cost of sales of each
     business segment are as follows:

                                                                   Six months ended 30 June
                                             2025                2024                   2025              2024
      Business segments                   Revenue             Revenue           Cost of sales      Cost of sales
                                          RMB’000            RMB’000 Change         RMB’000           RMB’000      Change

      Chinese medicinal herbs
        integration business               445,584            754,277      (40.9)%       402,050       690,575     (41.8)%
      TCM decoction pieces               1,596,128          1,576,914         1.2%     1,219,630     1,244,087      (2.0)%
      Concentrated TCM
        granules                         2,990,750          3,479,735      (14.1)%     1,329,265     1,421,554      (6.5)%
      TCM finished drugs                 2,308,809          2,418,349       (4.5)%       793,301       853,221      (7.0)%
      TCM great health                     122,112            156,198      (21.8)%        84,544       114,782     (26.3)%


      Total                              7,463,383          8,385,473      (11.0)%     3,828,790     4,324,219     (11.5)%



     1.   Chinese medicinal herbs integration business

                                                                                 Six months ended 30 June
                                                                               2025             2024
                                                                            RMB’000          RMB’000               Change

              Revenue                                                        445,584          754,277              (40.9)%
              Cost of sales                                                  402,050          690,575              (41.8)%
              Gross profit                                                    43,534           63,702              (31.7)%
              Gross profit margin                                              9.8%             8.4%                 1.4pp



          During the Reporting Period, the revenue of the Chinese medicinal herbs integration business segment
          was approximately RMB445,584,000, representing a decrease of 40.9% compared with the revenue of
          approximately RMB754,277,000 for the same period last year and accounting for 6.0% of the total revenue,
          which was mainly due to: (1) actively shifting business focuses to the development of local varieties and
          advantageous varieties, and cutting high-risk businesses with low margin; and (2) declines in sales volume of
          Chinese medicinal herbs affected by the downward fluctuation in its market price.

          The gross profit margin during the Period was 9.8%, representing an increase of 1.4 percentage points
          compared with 8.4% for the same period last year, which was mainly attributed to the optimization of the
          sales structure.




18   China Traditional Chinese Medicine Holdings Co. Limited • Interim Report 2025
                                                MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


2.   TCM decoction pieces

                                                                      Six months ended 30 June
                                                                    2025             2024
                                                                 RMB’000          RMB’000                        Change

      Revenue                                                   1,596,128              1,576,914                    1.2%
      Cost of sales                                             1,219,630              1,244,087                  (2.0)%
      Gross profit                                                376,498                332,827                  13.1%
      Gross profit margin                                          23.6%                  21.1%                    2.5pp



     During the Reporting Period, the revenue of the TCM decoction pieces business segment was approximately
     RMB1,596,128,000, representing an increase of 1.2% compared with the revenue of approximately
     RMB1,576,914,000 for the same period last year and accounting for 21.4% of the total revenue, which was
     mainly due to the continued efforts in the field of medical terminals, which resulted in deeper cooperation
     with existing customers and boosted sales growth.

     The gross profit margin for the Period was 23.6%, representing an increase of 2.5 percentage points compared
     with 21.1% for the same period last year, which was mainly due to the optimization of the sales structure
     and the increase in the proportion of medical terminal sales business, as well as the improvement of internal
     production management level.

3.   Concentrated TCM granules

                                                                      Six months ended 30 June
                                                                    2025             2024
                                                                 RMB’000          RMB’000                        Change

      Revenue                                                   2,990,750              3,479,735                (14.1)%
      Cost of sales                                             1,329,265              1,421,554                 (6.5)%
      Gross profit                                              1,661,485              2,058,181                (19.3)%
      Gross profit margin                                          55.6%                  59.1%                  (3.5)pp



     During the Reporting Period, the revenue of the concentrated TCM granules business segment was approximately
     RMB2,990,750,000, representing a decrease of 14.1% compared with the revenue of approximately
     RMB3,479,735,000 for the same period last year and accounting for 40.1% of the total revenue, which was
     mainly due to a significant increase in the proportion of centralized procurement business during the Period,
     while affected by factors such as intensified market competition, resulting in a decline in sales revenue for
     the Period.

     The gross profit margin during the Period was 55.6%, representing a decrease of 3.5 percentage points
     compared with 59.1% for the same period last year, which was mainly due to the increase in the proportion
     of centralized procurement business and further decline in gross profit margin.




                                              China Traditional Chinese Medicine Holdings Co. Limited • Interim Report 2025   19
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


     4.   TCM finished drugs

                                                                                 Six months ended 30 June
                                                                               2025             2024
                                                                            RMB’000          RMB’000           Change

           Revenue                                                         2,308,809       2,418,349            (4.5)%
           Cost of sales                                                     793,301         853,221            (7.0)%
           Gross profit                                                    1,515,508       1,565,128            (3.2)%
           Gross profit margin                                                65.6%           64.7%              0.9pp



          During the Reporting Period, the revenue of the TCM finished drugs business segment was approximately
          RMB2,308,809,000, representing a decrease of 4.5% compared with the revenue of approximately
          RMB2,418,349,000 for the same period last year and accounting for 30.9% of the total revenue, which was
          mainly due to the pressure on OTC product sales as a result of the continued deepening of medical reform
          and the development of e-commerce platforms, as well as the adjustments to sales pace and product strategy,
          resulting in a decrease in revenue.

          The gross profit margin during the Period was 65.6%, representing an increase of 0.9 percentage point
          compared with 64.7% for the same period last year, which was mainly attributed to the decrease in procurement
          costs of Chinese medicinal herbs during the Period.

     5.   TCM great health

                                                                                 Six months ended 30 June
                                                                               2025             2024
                                                                            RMB’000          RMB’000           Change

           Revenue                                                           122,112         156,198           (21.8)%
           Cost of sales                                                      84,544         114,782           (26.3)%
           Gross profit                                                       37,568          41,416            (9.3)%
           Gross profit margin                                                30.8%           26.5%              4.3pp



          During the Reporting Period, the revenue of TCM great health business segment was approximately
          RMB122,112,000, representing a decrease of 21.8% compared with the revenue of approximately
          RMB156,198,000 for the same period last year and accounting for 1.6% of the total revenue, which was
          mainly attributed to the adjustment of business development strategies and the suspension of some low-
          efficient product lines and businesses.

          The gross profit margin during the Period was 30.8%, representing an increase of 4.3 percentage points
          compared with 26.5% for the same period last year, which was mainly attributed to the increase in profitability
          as a result of the optimization of sales structure.




20   China Traditional Chinese Medicine Holdings Co. Limited • Interim Report 2025
                                                 MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



FINANCIAL REVIEW

Other income

For the six months ended 30 June 2025, the Group’s other income was approximately RMB91,052,000, representing
an increase of 14.4% from approximately RMB79,597,000 for the same period last year, which was mainly due to
the government grants received by the Group amounted to approximately RMB68,350,000 during the Reporting
Period, representing an increase of 14.4% from approximately RMB59,766,000 for the same period last year.

Other gains and losses

For the six months ended 30 June 2025, the Group’s other losses were approximately RMB262,394,000 (six months
ended 30 June 2024: other losses of approximately RMB64,768,000). This was mainly because: (1) impairment
recognised in respect of goodwill was approximately RMB242,461,000 for the Period; and (2) penalty interests during
the Period was approximately RMB17,523,000, representing a decrease of 66.8% compared with approximately
RMB52,708,000 for the same period last year.

Impairment losses under expected credit loss model, net of reversal

As at 30 June 2025, the balance of trade receivables of the Group for more than one year increased by approximately
RMB176,965,000 year-on-year. According to the Group’s credit impairment loss provision policy, the provision for
credit impairment loss was approximately RMB185,875,000 for the Period, representing an increase of approximately
RMB27,107,000 compared with approximately RMB158,768,000 for the same period last year.

Selling and distribution expenses

For the six months ended 30 June 2025, the Group’s selling and distribution expenses were approximately
RMB2,556,399,000 (six months ended 30 June 2024: approximately RMB2,752,658,000). Selling and distribution
expenses decreased by 7.1% as compared with the same period last year, which was mainly because the income
from concentrated TCM granules and TCM finished drugs business decreased year-on-year, resulting in a decrease
in relevant selling expenses during the Period.

Administrative expenses

For the six months ended 30 June 2025, the Group’s administrative expenses were approximately RMB500,543,000
(six months ended 30 June 2024: approximately RMB512,150,000), representing a decrease of approximately 2.3%
compared with the same period last year, which was mainly because: (1) the optimisation of the management team
structure and streamlining of management personnel during the Period resulted in a reduction in compensation
expenses; and (2) the reduction of various expenses through multiple measures during the Period led to a significant
reduction in costs.




                                               China Traditional Chinese Medicine Holdings Co. Limited • Interim Report 2025   21
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


     Research and development expenses

     For the six months ended 30 June 2025, the Group’s research and development expenses amounted to approximately
     RMB256,123,000 (six months ended 30 June 2024: approximately RMB267,925,000), representing a decrease of
     4.4% compared with the same period last year. During the Reporting Period, research and development expenses
     were mainly used to: (1) improve future returns, focusing on research and development of innovative drugs as well
     as classical formulae; (2) improve quality standards, focusing on standards for concentrated TCM granules; and
     (3) improve future efficiency, focusing on research for adaptability research for the production of TCM products.

     Finance costs

     For the six months ended 30 June 2025, the Group’s finance costs were approximately RMB47,203,000 (six months
     ended 30 June 2024: approximately RMB84,274,000), representing a year-on-year decrease, which was mainly
     due to the year-on-year decrease in the Group’s interest-bearing liabilities during the Period. During the Reporting
     Period, the Group’s effective loan interest rate was 2.7% (six months ended 30 June 2024: 2.8%). The Group
     will continue to closely monitor the changes in interest rate, adjust its borrowing and fundraising mechanism as
     appropriate, and refinance or enter into new agreements for existing bank loans, when favourable opportunities
     for bargaining arose.

     Share of losses of associates

     For the six months ended 30 June 2025, the Group recorded share of loss in associates of approximately RMB47,000,
     and recorded share of loss of approximately RMB874,000 in the same period last year. During the Period, it was
     mainly attributed to the recognition of investment losses regarding the Group’s investment in certain associates.

     Profit for the Period

     For the six months ended 30 June 2025, the Group’s profit for the Period was approximately
     RMB-141,760,000, representing a decrease of approximately 166.2% as compared with approximately
     RMB214,143,000 for the same period last year. The net profit margin (defined as profit divided by revenue for
     the period) was -1.9%, representing a decrease of approximately 4.5 percentage points from 2.6% for the same
     period last year, which was mainly attributed to: (1) the declines in scale of sales and profitability of the concentrated
     TCM granules business affected by multiple factors such as the decrease of prices as a result of the centralised
     procurement and the intensified market competition; and (2) the impairment recognised in respect of goodwill
     was approximately RMB242,461,000 for the Period.




22   China Traditional Chinese Medicine Holdings Co. Limited • Interim Report 2025
                                                MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


Earnings per share

For the six months ended 30 June 2025, basic earnings per share were RMB-2.14 cents, representing a decrease of
151.1% from basic earnings per share of RMB4.19 cents for the same period last year. The decrease in basic earnings
per share was because profit attributable to equity holders of the Company during the Reporting Period decreased
by 151.2% to approximately RMB-107,918,000 (six months ended 30 June 2024: approximately RMB210,979,000).

Liquidity and financial resources

As at 30 June 2025, the Group’s current assets amounted to approximately RMB18,970,577,000 (31 December
2024: approximately RMB18,839,503,000), which included cash, cash equivalents and bank deposits of approximately
RMB4,416,823,000 (31 December 2024: approximately RMB4,020,654,000), of which the pledged bank deposits
amounted to approximately RMB107,695,000 (31 December 2024: approximately RMB153,743,000), mainly for bills
payable security. Trade and other receivables amounted to approximately RMB9,021,812,000 (31 December 2024:
approximately RMB8,566,512,000). Current liabilities amounted to approximately RMB9,449,353,000 (31 December
2024: approximately RMB7,800,198,000). Net current assets aggregated to approximately RMB9,521,224,000 (31
December 2024: approximately RMB11,039,305,000). The Group’s current ratio was 2.0 (31 December 2024: 2.4).
The gearing ratio (defined as bank and other loans and bonds payable divided by equity attributable to equity
holders of the Company) decreased from 18.5% as at 31 December 2024 to 17.0% as at 30 June 2025. The
decrease in gearing ratio was mainly due to the repayment of external interest-bearing liabilities with own funds
during the Period, and a decrease in bank borrowings compared to the beginning of the Period.

Interest-bearing bank and other borrowings and pledge of assets

As at 30 June 2025, the balance of interest-bearing bank and other borrowings of the Group was approximately
RMB2,306,923,000 (31 December 2024: approximately RMB2,697,314,000), of which approximately RMB335,761,000
was secured borrowings (31 December 2024: approximately RMB492,113,000). Out of the balance of interest-bearing
bank and other borrowings, approximately RMB2,083,351,000 and RMB223,572,000 were repayable within one
year and over one year, respectively (31 December 2024: approximately RMB2,078,923,000 and RMB618,391,000,
respectively).

As at 30 June 2025, the Group’s bank deposits of approximately RMB107,695,000, land use rights with carrying
values of approximately RMB111,324,000, investment property and property, plant and equipment with carrying
values of approximately RMB679,839,000 and bills receivable with carrying values of approximately RMB108,693,000
were pledged to secure certain borrowings and bill financing of the Group (31 December 2024: bank deposits of
approximately RMB153,743,000, land use rights of approximately RMB50,420,000, investment property and property,
plant and equipment of approximately RMB614,842,000 and bills receivable of approximately RMB62,648,000 were
pledged).




                                              China Traditional Chinese Medicine Holdings Co. Limited • Interim Report 2025   23
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


     Capital sources

     For the six months ended 30 June 2025, no major financing activity has been carried out by the Group. As at 30 June
     2025, the Group had an unutilised bank credit facility of approximately RMB10,396,072,000, and had completed
     the registration of RMB2.0 billion in medium-term notes and RMB3.0 billion in ultra-short-term commercial papers
     through the National Association of Financial Market Institutional Investors, both of which had not yet been issued.
     The Group had sufficient working capital and a stable financial position.

     Capital expenditure

     For the six months ended 30 June 2025, the Group’s fixed asset and intangible asset investment expense was
     approximately RMB179,508,000, compared with approximately RMB209,351,000 for the same period last year.
     During the Reporting Period, the capital expenditure was mainly used for the capacity renovation and expansion
     expenditure for the business segment of TCM decoction pieces.

     Financing capacity

     As at 30 June 2025, capital commitments which the Group has entered into but were outstanding and not
     provided for in the financial statements were approximately RMB30,677,000 (31 December 2024: approximately
     RMB39,586,000). Such capital commitments were mainly used for the construction of plants and purchase of
     production facilities. The Group is of the view that with available cash balance, a stable cash inflow from operating
     activities, undrawn but already granted bank facilities, and recognition and support from major financial institutions,
     the Group will be capable of fully satisfying liquidity needs and the abovementioned funding needs.

     Contingent liabilities

     The Group did not have any material contingent liabilities as at 30 June 2025 (30 June 2024: nil).

     Financial risk

     The Group mainly operates in Chinese mainland, with most of its transactions originally denominated and settled
     in Renminbi, for which the foreign exchange risk is considered insignificant. As at 30 June 2025, the Group had
     no Hong Kong Dollar bank borrowings. As at 30 June 2025, the Group did not enter into any forward foreign
     exchange contracts. In future, the Group will continue to regularly review its net foreign exchange exposure and
     take appropriate and timely measures to mitigate the impact of exchange rate fluctuations.

     Employees and remuneration policies

     As at 30 June 2025, the Group had a total of 15,583 (30 June 2024: 17,716) employees, including the Directors,
     of which 4,988 were sales staff, 5,407 were manufacturing staff, and 5,188 were engaged in research and
     development, administration and senior management. Remuneration packages mainly consisted of salary and a
     discretionary bonus based on individual performance. The Group’s total remuneration for the Reporting Period was
     approximately RMB1,113,036,000 (six months ended 30 June 2024: approximately RMB1,174,466,000).




24   China Traditional Chinese Medicine Holdings Co. Limited • Interim Report 2025
                                                                          OTHER INFORMATION

INTERIM DIVIDEND

The Board does not recommend the payment of an interim dividend for the six months ended 30 June 2025 (six
months ended 30 June 2024: Nil).


DIRECTORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVES’ INTERESTS

As at 30 June 2025, none of the Directors and chief executives of the Company had interests or short positions
in the shares, underlying shares and debentures of the Company or any of its associated corporations (within the
meaning of Part XV of the Securities and Futures Ordinance (the “SFO”)) which were notified to the Company and
The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “Stock Exchange”) pursuant to Divisions 7 and 8 of Part XV of the
SFO (including interests or short positions which they were taken or deemed to have under such provisions of the
SFO), or which were recorded in the register required to be kept by the Company under section 352 of the SFO,
or which were required, pursuant to the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers (the
“Model Code”) set out in Appendix C3 to the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on the Stock Exchange
(the “Listing Rules”), to be notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange.


SUBSTANTIAL SHAREHOLDERS’ INTERESTS

As at 30 June 2025, the interests and short positions of the shareholders, other than a Director or chief executive
of the Company, in the shares and underlying shares of the Company as recorded in the register which were
required to be kept by the Company under section 336 of the SFO were as follows:

                                                                                                  Approximate
                                                                                                 Percentage of
                                                                                   Number of    Total Interests
Name of Substantial Shareholders           Capacity                           Ordinary Shares to Issued Shares

Sinopharm Hongkong                         Beneficial owner                      1,634,705,642                  32.46%
                                                                                 (long position)
                                                                                       (Note 1)

CNPGC                                      Interest of controlled                1,634,705,642                  32.46%
                                             corporations                        (long position)
                                                                                       (Note 1)

                                           Beneficial owner                          50,350,000                   1.00%
                                                                                  (long position)

Ping An Life                               Beneficial owner                         604,296,222                 12.00%
                                                                                  (long position)
                                                                                        (Note 2)

Ping An Group                              Interest of controlled                   604,296,222                 12.00%
                                             corporations                         (long position)
                                                                                        (Note 2)



                                              China Traditional Chinese Medicine Holdings Co. Limited • Interim Report 2025   25
     OTHER INFORMATION


     Notes:

     1.       The 1,634,705,642 shares are held by Sinopharm Group Hongkong Co., Limited (“Sinopharm Hongkong”), which is indirectly wholly
              owned by China National Pharmaceutical Group Co., Ltd. (“CNPGC”).

     2.       The 604,296,222 shares are held by Ping An Insurance Company of China, Ltd. (“Ping An Life”) which is a subsidiary of Ping An (Group)
              Company of China, Ltd. (“Ping An Group”). Ping An Group is deemed to be interested in Ping An Life’s interest in the Company under
              the SFO.


     Save as disclosed above, the register which was required to be kept by the Company under section 336 of the
     SFO showed that the Company had not been notified of any interests or short positions of the shareholders (other
     than a Director or chief executive of the Company) in the shares and underlying shares of the Company as at 30
     June 2025.


     DIRECTORS’ RIGHTS TO ACQUIRE SHARES AND DEBENTURES

     At no time during the Period were there any rights to acquire benefits by means of the acquisition of shares in
     or debentures of the Company granted to any Director or their respective spouses or children under 18 years of
     age, or were there any such rights exercised by them; or was the Company or any of its subsidiaries a party to any
     arrangement to enable the Directors to acquire such rights in any other body corporate.


     PURCHASE, SALE OR REDEMPTION OF THE COMPANY’S LISTED SECURITIES

     During the six months ended 30 June 2025, neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries purchased, sold or
     redeemed any of the Company’s listed securities (including sale of treasury shares (if any)). As at 30 June 2025,
     the Company did not hold any treasury shares.


     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

     Compliance with the Corporate Governance Code

     The Company is committed to maintaining high standard of corporate governance. The Company has complied
     with the applicable code provisions of the Corporate Governance Code as set out in Appendix C1 to the Listing
     Rules throughout the six months ended 30 June 2025.

     Model Code for Securities Transactions

     The Company has adopted the Model Code set out in Appendix C3 to the Listing Rules as the code of conduct
     regarding securities transactions by the Directors. Specific enquiry has been made with all Directors and the Directors
     have confirmed that they have complied with the required standard set out in the Model Code throughout the
     Reporting Period. Furthermore, senior management who are likely to be in possession of inside information are
     also required to comply with the provisions of the Model Code.




26   China Traditional Chinese Medicine Holdings Co. Limited • Interim Report 2025
                                                                                     OTHER INFORMATION



CHANGES IN DIRECTORS’ AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT’S INFORMATION

Subsequent to the date of the Annual Report 2024 of the Company (25 March 2025) and as of the date of this
interim report, pursuant to Rule 13.51B(1) of the Listing Rules, changes of information about the Directors and
senior management of the Company are as follows:

–    Mr. PENG Li was appointed as an executive Director and a member of the strategic committee of the Board
     (the “Strategic Committee”), with effect from 25 July 2025.

–    Ms. XU Jinghui was re-designated as a member of the nomination committee of the Board (the “Nomination
     Committee”), and ceased to be a member of the Audit Committee, with effect from 20 June 2025.

–    Mr. ZU Jing was re-designated as a member of the Audit Committee, and ceased to be a member of the
     Strategic Committee, with effect from 20 June 2025.

–    Mr. LIU Haijian was re-designated as a member of the Strategic Committee, and ceased to be a member of
     the Nomination Committee, with effect from 20 June 2025.

–    Mr. ZHENG Jun was appointed as the vice president of the Company, with effect from 14 May 2025.

–    Mr. LAN Qingshan, Mr. ZHAO Dongji and Mr. HUANG Zhangxin ceased to serve as the vice presidents of the
     Company, and Mr. ZHAO Dongji also ceased to serve as a joint company secretary of the Company, with
     effect from 14 May 2025.


REVIEW OF INTERIM RESULTS

The Audit Committee has reviewed the unaudited consolidated financial statements of the Group for the six months
ended 30 June 2025, including the accounting principles, treatments and practices adopted by the Group and the
Interim Report 2025 of the Company. The Audit Committee has no disagreement with the accounting principles,
treatments and practices adopted by the Group.

By Order of the Board




YANG Jun
Chairman

Hong Kong, 29 August 2025




                                             China Traditional Chinese Medicine Holdings Co. Limited • Interim Report 2025   27
     REPORT ON REVIEW OF INTERIM CONDENSED
     CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     To the Board of Directors of China Traditional Chinese Medicine Holdings Co. Limited
     (Incorporated in Hong Kong with limited liability)


     INTRODUCTION

     We have reviewed the interim condensed consolidated financial statements set out on pages 30 to 60 which comprise
     the interim condensed consolidated statement of financial position of China Traditional Chinese Medicine Holdings
     Co. Limited (the “Company”) and its subsidiaries (collectively referred to as the “Group”) as of 30 June 2025 and
     the related interim condensed consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income, interim
     condensed consolidated statement of changes in equity and interim condensed consolidated statement of cash
     flows for the six-month period then ended, and notes to the interim condensed consolidated financial information,
     including material accounting policy information (the “interim condensed consolidated financial statements”). The
     Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited require the preparation of
     a report on interim financial information to be in compliance with the relevant provisions thereof and Hong Kong
     Accounting Standard 34 “Interim Financial Reporting” (“HKAS 34”) issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified
     Public Accountants. The directors are responsible for the preparation and presentation of the interim condensed
     consolidated financial statements in accordance with HKAS 34. Our responsibility is to express a conclusion on
     the interim condensed consolidated financial statements based on our review. This report is made solely to you,
     as a body, in accordance with our agreed terms of engagement, and for no other purpose. We do not assume
     responsibility towards or accept liability to any other person for the contents of this report.


     SCOPE OF REVIEW

     We conducted our review in accordance with Hong Kong Standard on Review Engagements 2410 “Review of
     Interim Financial Information Performed by the Independent Auditor of the Entity” (“HKSRE 2410”) issued by the
     Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants. A review of interim financial information consists of making
     inquiries, primarily of persons responsible for financial and accounting matters, and applying analytical and other
     review procedures. A review is substantially less in scope than an audit conducted in accordance with Hong Kong
     Standards on Auditing and consequently does not enable us to obtain assurance that we would become aware
     of all significant matters that might be identified in an audit. Accordingly, we do not express an audit opinion.




28   China Traditional Chinese Medicine Holdings Co. Limited • Interim Report 2025
                                               REPORT ON REVIEW OF INTERIM CONDENSED
                                                   CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

CONCLUSION

Based on our review, nothing has come to our attention that causes us to believe that the interim condensed
consolidated financial statements are not prepared, in all material respects, in accordance with HKAS 34.


OTHER MATTER

The comparative information for the interim condensed consolidated statement of financial position as at 30 June
2025, and the related notes were audited by another auditor who expressed an unmodified conclusion on the
statement on 25 March 2025.

The comparative interim condensed consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income,
interim condensed consolidated statement of changes in equity and interim condensed consolidated statement
of cash flows for the six months ended 30 June 2024, and the related notes were reviewed in accordance with
HKSRE 2410 by another auditor who expressed an unmodified conclusion on those statements on 28 August 2024.




BDO Limited
Certified Public Accountants
Chau Ka Kin
Practising Certificate Number P07445

Hong Kong, 29 August 2025




                                             China Traditional Chinese Medicine Holdings Co. Limited • Interim Report 2025   29
     INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR LOSS AND OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
     For the six months ended 30 June 2025


                                                                                Notes          2025          2024
                                                                                         (Unaudited)    (Unaudited)
                                                                                            RMB’000       RMB’000
      REVENUE                                                                        4     7,463,383     8,385,473

      Cost of sales                                                                       (3,828,790)   (4,324,219)
      Gross profit                                                                         3,634,593     4,061,254

      Other income                                                                   5        91,052        79,597
      Other gains and losses                                                         6      (262,394)      (64,768)
      Impairment losses under expected credit loss model,
        net of reversal                                                          16         (185,875)     (158,768)
      Selling and distribution expenses                                                   (2,556,399)   (2,752,658)
      Administrative expenses                                                               (500,543)     (512,150)
      Research and development expenses                                                     (256,123)     (267,925)
      Operating (losses)/profits                                                             (35,689)      384,582
      Finance costs                                                                  7       (47,203)      (84,274)
      Share of results of associates                                                             (47)         (874)
      (LOSS)/PROFIT BEFORE TAX                                                       8       (82,939)      299,434

      Income tax expense                                                             9       (58,821)      (85,291)
      (LOSS)/PROFIT FOR THE PERIOD                                                          (141,760)      214,143
      OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
      Other comprehensive income that may be reclassified to
       profit or loss in subsequent period:
       Change in fair value on debt instruments measured at
         fair value through other comprehensive income                                         6,463          (109)
       (Reversal of impairment loss)/impairment loss recognised
         for debt instruments at fair value through other
         comprehensive income included in profit or loss                                        (724)           17
       Income tax relating to items that may be reclassified to
         profit or loss                                                                         (904)          (93)
      OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME FOR THE PERIOD, NET
       OF TAX                                                                                  4,835          (185)
      TOTAL COMPREHENSIVE INCOME FOR THE PERIOD                                             (136,925)      213,958
      (Loss)/profit for the period attributable to:
        Owners of the Company                                                               (107,918)      210,979
        Non-controlling interests                                                            (33,842)        3,164
                                                                                            (141,760)      214,143
      Total comprehensive income for the period attributable to:
        Owners of the Company                                                               (103,248)      210,962
        Non-controlling interests                                                            (33,677)        2,996
                                                                                            (136,925)      213,958
      (LOSS)/EARNINGS PER SHARE ATTRIBUTABLE TO ORDINARY
        EQUITY HOLDERS OF THE COMPANY
        – Basic and diluted (RMB cents)                                          11            (2.14)         4.19



30   China Traditional Chinese Medicine Holdings Co. Limited • Interim Report 2025
 INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION
                                                                                                    As at 30 June 2025



                                                                                       30 June           31 December
                                                                   Notes                  2025                  2024
                                                                                   (Unaudited)               (Audited)
                                                                                      RMB’000                RMB’000

NON-CURRENT ASSETS
Property, plant and equipment                                        12               6,412,456              6,614,028
Right-of-use assets                                                  12               1,092,315              1,099,971
Investment properties                                                                    63,942                 81,627
Goodwill                                                             13               2,783,616              3,026,077
Other intangible assets                                              13               4,913,447              5,106,168
Investments in associates                                                                10,874                 10,921
Deposits and prepayments                                                                 41,882                 65,446
Deferred tax assets                                                                     237,681                219,977

Total non-current assets                                                            15,556,213             16,224,215

CURRENT ASSETS
Inventories                                                          14               4,667,612              4,783,099
Trade and other receivables                                          15               9,021,812              8,566,512
Debt instruments at fair value through other comprehensive
  income (“FVTOCI”)                                                 17                  864,330              1,469,238
Pledged bank deposits                                              18(a)                107,695                153,743
Cash and cash equivalents                                          18(b)              4,309,128              3,866,911

Total current assets                                                                18,970,577             18,839,503

CURRENT LIABILITIES
Trade and other payables                                             19               5,960,639              5,437,645
Lease liabilities                                                                        13,920                 22,605
Contract liabilities                                                                    152,148                185,192
Interest-bearing bank and other borrowings                           20               2,083,351              2,078,923
Unsecured notes                                                      21               1,202,896                 22,388
Tax liabilities                                                                          36,399                 53,445

Total current liabilities                                                             9,449,353              7,800,198

NET CURRENT ASSETS                                                                    9,521,224            11,039,305

TOTAL ASSETS LESS CURRENT LIABILITIES                                               25,077,437             27,263,520




                                             China Traditional Chinese Medicine Holdings Co. Limited • Interim Report 2025   31
     INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION
     As at 30 June 2025



                                                                                                30 June       31 December
                                                                                Notes              2025              2024
                                                                                            (Unaudited)           (Audited)
                                                                                               RMB’000            RMB’000

      NON-CURRENT LIABILITIES
      Deferred government grants                                                                    381,131       396,304
      Deferred tax liabilities                                                                    1,006,735     1,042,460
      Unsecured notes                                                            21                       –     1,198,299
      Interest-bearing bank and other borrowings                                 20                 223,572       618,391
      Lease liabilities                                                                              73,719        75,032

      Total non-current liabilities                                                               1,685,157     3,330,486

      Net assets                                                                              23,392,280       23,933,034

      EQUITY
      Equity attributable to owners of the Company
      Share capital                                                              22           11,982,474       11,982,474
      Reserves                                                                                 8,720,580        9,221,310

                                                                                              20,703,054       21,203,784
      Non-controlling interests                                                                2,689,226        2,729,250

      Total equity                                                                            23,392,280       23,933,034



     Approved and authorised for issue by the Board of directors on 29 August 2025.




     YANG Jun                                                                LI Hongjian
     Executive Director                                                      Executive Director




32   China Traditional Chinese Medicine Holdings Co. Limited • Interim Report 2025
   INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY
                                                                                                             For the six months ended 30 June 2025



                                                                      Attributable to owners of the Company

                                                                      Statutory                                                                  Non-
                                                Share Translation       surplus      FVTOCI         Other       Retained                   controlling
                                               capital    reserve       reserve      reserve      reserve         profits     Subtotal       interests     Total
                                              RMB’000   RMB’000        RMB’000      RMB’000      RMB’000        RMB’000       RMB’000        RMB’000     RMB’000
                                                                         (note)

 At 1 January 2025 (audited)                 11,982,474   (165,183)     910,372       (14,870)     (71,180)     8,562,171 21,203,784        2,729,250 23,933,034
 Loss for the period                                  –          –            –             –            –       (107,918)  (107,918)         (33,842) (141,760)
 Other comprehensive income for the period            –          –            –         4,670            –              –      4,670              165      4,835

 Total comprehensive income for the period            –          –            –        4,670             –       (107,918)     (103,248)      (33,677)   (136,925)
 Dividends distributed to
    non-controlling interests                         –          –            –             –            –              –             –        (6,347)     (6,347)
 Final dividend and special dividend
    distribution (note 10)                            –          –            –             –            –       (397,482)     (397,482)            –    (397,482)

 At 30 June 2025 (unaudited)                 11,982,474   (165,183)     910,372       (10,200)     (71,180)     8,056,771    20,703,054     2,689,226 23,392,280


 At 1 January 2024 (audited)                 11,982,474   (165,183)     882,550        (6,703)     (71,180)     8,538,177    21,160,135     2,776,483 23,936,618
 Profit for the period                                –          –            –             –            –        210,979       210,979         3,164    214,143
 Other comprehensive income for the period            –          –            –           (17)           –              –           (17)         (168)      (185)

 Total comprehensive income for the period            –          –            –           (17)           –       210,979       210,962          2,996    213,958

 At 30 June 2024 (unaudited)                 11,982,474   (165,183)     882,550        (6,720)     (71,180)     8,749,156    21,371,097     2,779,479 24,150,576



Note: As stipulated by the relevant laws and regulations for foreign investment enterprises in the People’s Republic of China (the “PRC”), the
      Company’s PRC subsidiaries are required to maintain a statutory surplus reserve. Appropriation to such reserve is made out of net profit
      after taxation as reflected in the statutory financial statements of the PRC subsidiaries while the amounts and allocation basis are decided
      by their boards of directors annually. The statutory surplus reserve can be used to make up prior-year losses, if any, and can be applied
      in conversion into capital by means of capitalisation.




                                                                 China Traditional Chinese Medicine Holdings Co. Limited • Interim Report 2025                       33
     INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS
     For the six months ended 30 June 2025


                                                                                Note          2025          2024
                                                                                        (Unaudited)    (Unaudited)
                                                                                           RMB’000       RMB’000

      CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES
      Cash generated from operations                                                      1,049,324       775,935
      PRC enterprise income tax paid                                                       (124,461)     (206,234)

      Net cash flows generated from operating activities                                   924,863        569,701

      CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES
      Purchase of items of property, plant and equipment and
        payment for construction in progress                                               (166,757)     (226,193)
      Proceeds from disposal of items of property,
        plant and equipment                                                                   1,039           876
      Purchase of other intangible assets                                        13          (1,377)            –
      Payments for right-of-use assets                                                            –        (1,319)
      Asset-related government grants received                                               16,320           583
      Capital injection to an associate                                                           –           (24)
      Decrease in pledged bank deposits                                                      46,048        44,503
      Interest received                                                                      17,900        16,320

      Net cash flows used in investing activities                                           (86,827)     (165,254)

      CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES
      New bank and other borrowings raised                                       20         813,277     3,189,434
      Repayment of unsecured notes                                                                –      (800,000)
      Repayment of bank and other borrowings                                     20      (1,188,972)   (2,216,596)
      Principal portion of lease payments                                                   (13,868)      (14,437)
      Interest paid                                                                         (73,438)     (108,721)
      Dividend paid to non-controlling interests of subsidiaries                            (25,612)       (2,608)

      Net cash flows (used in)/generated from financing activities                         (488,613)       47,072

      NET INCREASE IN CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS                                             349,423       451,519
      Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period                                    3,798,425     2,986,819
      Effect of foreign exchange rate changes                                                  (125)           95

      CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AT END OF PERIOD                                          4,147,723     3,438,433

      ANALYSIS OF BALANCES OF CASH AND CASH
        EQUIVALENTS
      Bank balances and cash as stated in the interim condensed
        consolidated statement of financial position                                      4,309,128     3,603,821
      Restricted cash                                                           18(b)      (161,405)     (165,388)

      Cash and cash equivalents as stated in the interim
       condensed consolidated statement of cash flows                                     4,147,723     3,438,433




34   China Traditional Chinese Medicine Holdings Co. Limited • Interim Report 2025
 NOTES TO INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL INFORMATION
                                                                            For the six months ended 30 June 2025


1. BASIS OF PREPARATION

  The interim condensed consolidated financial information for the six months ended 30 June 2025 has been
  prepared in accordance with HKAS 34 Interim Financial Reporting. The interim condensed consolidated financial
  information does not include all the information and disclosures required in the annual financial statements,
  and should be read in conjunction with the Group’s annual consolidated financial statements for the year
  ended 31 December 2024.

  The financial information relating to the year ended 31 December 2024 that is included in the interim
  condensed consolidated statement of financial position as comparative information does not constitute the
  Company’s statutory annual consolidated financial statements for that year but is derived from those financial
  statements. Further information relating to those statutory financial statements required to be disclosed in
  accordance with section 436 of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance is as follows:

  The Company has delivered the financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2024 to the Registrar
  of Companies as required by section 662(3) of, and Part 3 of Schedule 6 to, the Hong Kong Companies
  Ordinance. The Company’s auditors have reported on the financial statements for the year ended 31 December
  2024. The auditor’s report was unqualified; and did not contain a statement under sections 406(2), 407(2)
  or 407(3) of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance.

  The functional currency of the Company is “Renminbi” (“RMB”), which is the same as the presentation
  currency of the interim condensed consolidated financial statements of the Company.


2. CHANGES IN ACCOUNTING POLICIES

  The accounting policies adopted in the preparation of the interim condensed consolidated financial information
  are consistent with those applied in the preparation of the Group’s annual consolidated financial statements
  for the year ended 31 December 2024, except for the adoption of the following revised HKFRS Accounting
  Standards for the first time for the current period’s financial information.

   Amendments to HKAS 21 – The Effects of Changes in                                        Lack of exchangeability
    Foreign Exchange Rates and HKFRS 1 First-time Adoption of
    Hong Kong Financial Reporting Standards

  The application of the revised HKFRS Accounting Standards in the reporting period has had no material impact
  on the Group’s financial performance and positions for the current and prior periods and/or on the disclosures
  set out in these interim condensed consolidated financial statements.




                                           China Traditional Chinese Medicine Holdings Co. Limited • Interim Report 2025   35
     NOTES TO INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL INFORMATION
     For the six months ended 30 June 2025


     3. OPERATING SEGMENTS INFORMATION

          The Group’s operating and reporting segments have been identified on the basis of internal management
          reports that are regularly reviewed by the executive directors, being the chief operating decision makers
          (“CODM”) of the Group, in order to allocate resources to segments and to assess their performances. The
          Group has four reportable operating segments as follows:

          i.     Yi Fang segment mainly engages in the manufacture and sales of concentrated TCM granules (“CTCMG”),
                 TCM healthcare products, and TCM decoction pieces under “Yi Fang” brand. Majority of the revenue
                 of Yi Fang segment is derived from the sales of CTCMG.

          ii.    Tian Jiang segment mainly engages in the manufacture and sales of CTCMG, TCM decoction pieces,
                 and TCM healthcare products under “Tian Jiang” brand. The Tian Jiang segment also provides a variety
                 of Chinese medical related healthcare solutions, including Chinese medical consultation and diagnosis,
                 TCM physiotherapy, and prescription with concentrated TCM granules, TCM decoction pieces and TCM
                 healthcare product (the “TCM Healthcare Solutions”), through its offline medical institutions under “Tian
                 Jiang” brand. Majority of the revenue of Tian Jiang segment is derived from the sales of CTCMG.

          iii.   Tong Ji Tang segment mainly engages in the manufacture and sales of CTCMG, TCM decoction pieces
                 and TCM finished drugs under “Tong Ji Tang” brand. The Tong Ji Tang segment also engages in the
                 manufacture and sales of a wide range of healthcare products in great health industry.

          iv.    Medi-World segment mainly engages in the manufacture and sales of TCM finished drugs under various
                 brands, including but not limited to “Medi-World”, “De Zhong” and “Feng Liao Xing”; and provision
                 of a variety of TCM healthcare solutions through its offline medical institutions under “Feng Liao Xing”
                 brand.

          Management monitors the results of the Group’s operating segments for the purpose of making decisions
          about resource allocation and performance assessment. For the purposes of assessing segment performance
          and allocating resources between segments, the CODM then monitors the results, assets and liabilities
          attributable to each reportable segment on the following bases:

          Segment performance is evaluated based on reportable segment results, which is a measure of adjusted profit
          or loss. Adjusted profit or loss is measured consistently with the Group’s loss after tax except that corporate
          expenses in head office are excluded from such measurement. Revenue, cost of sales, other gains and losses
          and all types of expenses are allocated to the reportable segments with reference to the transactions incurred
          by those segments or allocated on a reasonable basis.




36   China Traditional Chinese Medicine Holdings Co. Limited • Interim Report 2025
   NOTES TO INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL INFORMATION
                                                                                   For the six months ended 30 June 2025


3. OPERATING SEGMENTS INFORMATION (continued)

  Segment assets exclude deferred tax assets and unallocated head office and corporate assets as these assets
  are managed on a group basis. Segment liabilities exclude tax liabilities, deferred tax liabilities and unallocated
  head office and corporate liabilities as these liabilities are managed on a group basis.

  Intersegment sales and transfers are transacted with reference to the selling prices used for sales made to
  third parties at the then prevailing market prices. Intersegment sales are eliminated on consolidation.

  The following tables present revenue and other segment information for the Group’s operating:

  (i)   Segment results, assets and liabilities

                                                                       Six months ended 30 June 2025

                                              Yi Fang      Tian Jiang Tong Ji Tang      Medi-World      Elimination         Total
                                             RMB’000        RMB’000      RMB’000           RMB’000         RMB’000       RMB’000
                                          (Unaudited)    (Unaudited) (Unaudited)        (Unaudited)    (Unaudited)    (Unaudited)

         Segment revenue (note 4)

         External customers                 2,450,040      1,598,484       1,081,458      2,333,401              –      7,463,383
         Intersegment sales                   124,500        164,885         288,543        875,937     (1,453,865)             –

         Total segment revenue              2,574,540      1,763,369       1,370,001      3,209,338     (1,453,865)     7,463,383

         Segment results                      (38,194)      (325,352)        116,043       112,128               –       (135,375)

         Reconciliation:
         Other unallocated head office
           and corporate expenses                                                                                          (6,385)

         Loss for the period                                                                                             (141,760)

         Other segment information:

         Interest income                       17,872          7,488           5,580         15,122        (28,162)        17,900
         Finance costs                        (16,244)       (23,000)           (160)       (35,961)        28,162        (47,203)
         Share of results of associates             –             (3)              –            (44)             –            (47)
         Depreciation and amortisation       (245,861)      (185,623)        (55,523)       (90,226)             –       (577,233)
         Write-down of inventories               (776)       (17,907)         (7,369)        (2,765)             –        (28,817)
         Impairment loss recognised in
            respect of goodwill                     –       (242,461)              –              –              –       (242,461)
         Impairment losses under the
            expected credit loss model,
            net of reversal                   (89,558)       (62,264)        (19,162)       (14,891)             –       (185,875)




                                              China Traditional Chinese Medicine Holdings Co. Limited • Interim Report 2025          37
     NOTES TO INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL INFORMATION
     For the six months ended 30 June 2025


     3. OPERATING SEGMENTS INFORMATION (continued)

          (i)   Segment results, assets and liabilities (continued)

                                                                Yi Fang      Tian Jiang Tong Ji Tang   Medi-World          Total
                                                               RMB’000        RMB’000      RMB’000        RMB’000       RMB’000
                                                            (Unaudited)    (Unaudited) (Unaudited)     (Unaudited)   (Unaudited)

                  As at 30 June 2025 (Unaudited)

                  Segment assets                             14,473,704     10,280,678     6,130,725     9,804,957    40,690,064

                  Elimination of intersegment receivables                                                             (6,540,485)
                  Deferred tax assets                                                                                    237,681
                  Corporate and other unallocated assets                                                                 139,530

                  Total assets                                                                                        34,526,790

                  Segment liabilities                         3,764,935       3,651,429    1,248,060     7,641,372    16,305,796

                  Elimination of intersegment payables                                                                (6,540,485)
                  Tax liabilities                                                                                         36,399
                  Deferred tax liabilities                                                                             1,006,735
                  Corporate and other
                     unallocated liabilities                                                                            326,065

                  Total liabilities                                                                                   11,134,510




38   China Traditional Chinese Medicine Holdings Co. Limited • Interim Report 2025
   NOTES TO INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL INFORMATION
                                                                                 For the six months ended 30 June 2025


3. OPERATING SEGMENTS INFORMATION (continued)

  (i)   Segment results, assets and liabilities (continued)

                                                                     Six months ended 30 June 2024

                                              Yi Fang     Tian Jiang Tong Ji Tang     Medi-World      Elimination         Total
                                            RMB’000        RMB’000      RMB’000         RMB’000         RMB’000       RMB’000
                                          (Unaudited)   (Unaudited) (Unaudited)       (Unaudited)    (Unaudited)    (Unaudited)

         Segment revenue (note 4)

         External customers                2,861,789     1,913,739      1,242,853      2,367,092              –      8,385,473
         Intersegment sales                  102,381       114,789        180,740        858,141     (1,256,051)             –

         Total segment revenue             2,964,170     2,028,528      1,423,593      3,225,233     (1,256,051)     8,385,473

         Segment results                     155,035      (200,054)       163,585         98,804               –       217,370

         Reconciliation:
         Other unallocated head office
           and corporate expenses                                                                                       (3,227)

         Profit for the period                                                                                         214,143

         Other segment information:

         Interest income                      23,996         4,573          11,412        11,327        (34,988)        16,320
         Finance costs                       (45,342)      (32,960)         (1,430)      (39,530)        34,988        (84,274)
         Share of results of associates            –             1               –          (875)             –           (874)
         Depreciation and amortisation      (238,697)     (189,179)        (48,838)      (84,763)             –       (561,477)
         Write-down of inventories           (16,588)      (11,245)         (7,646)       (4,290)             –        (39,769)
         Impairment losses under the
            expected credit loss model,
            net of reversal                  (69,848)      (78,949)         (9,646)         (325)              –      (158,768)




                                              China Traditional Chinese Medicine Holdings Co. Limited • Interim Report 2025       39
     NOTES TO INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL INFORMATION
     For the six months ended 30 June 2025


     3. OPERATING SEGMENTS INFORMATION (continued)

          (i)   Segment results, assets and liabilities (continued)

                                                                       Yi Fang       Tian Jiang Tong Ji Tang   Medi-World          Total
                                                                     RMB’000          RMB’000      RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000
                                                                     (Audited)        (Audited)    (Audited)     (Audited)     (Audited)

                  As at 31 December 2024 (Audited)

                  Segment assets                                   15,110,492    10,244,478       6,033,056     8,860,033    40,248,059

                  Elimination of intersegment receivables                                                                    (5,679,697)
                  Deferred tax assets                                                                                           219,977
                  Corporate and other unallocated assets                                                                        275,379

                  Total assets                                                                                               35,063,718

                  Segment liabilities                               4,071,509        3,514,196    1,253,622     6,817,455    15,656,782

                  Elimination of intersegment payables                                                                       (5,679,697)
                  Tax liabilities                                                                                                53,445
                  Deferred tax liabilities                                                                                    1,042,460
                  Corporate and other
                     unallocated liabilities                                                                                     57,694

                  Total liabilities                                                                                          11,130,684



          (ii) Geographical information and information about major customers

                Analysis of the Group’s non-current assets by geographical market has not been presented as substantially
                all of the Group’s assets are located in Mainland China, no geographical information as required by
                HKFRS 8 Operating Segments is presented.

                The Group’s customer base is diversified and none of the customers with whom transactions have
                exceeded 10% of the Group’s revenue in both current and prior periods.




40   China Traditional Chinese Medicine Holdings Co. Limited • Interim Report 2025
   NOTES TO INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL INFORMATION
                                                                           For the six months ended 30 June 2025


4. REVENUE

  (i)   Disaggregation of revenue from contracts with customers

                                                                               Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                      2025                   2024
                                                                                   RMB’000                RMB’000
                                                                                (Unaudited)             (Unaudited)

         Types of goods or services
           Concentrated TCM granules                                               2,990,750              3,479,735
           TCM finished drugs                                                      2,308,809              2,418,349
           TCM decoction pieces                                                    1,596,128              1,576,914
           Chinese medicinal herbs integration business                              445,584                754,277
           TCM great health services                                                 122,112                156,198

         Total                                                                     7,463,383              8,385,473



                                                                               Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                      2025                   2024
                                                                                   RMB’000                RMB’000
                                                                                (Unaudited)             (Unaudited)

         Geographical markets
          Chinese Mainland                                                         7,407,775              8,341,715
          Hong Kong, China                                                            25,755                 26,287
          Overseas and others                                                         29,853                 17,471

         Total                                                                     7,463,383              8,385,473

         Timing of revenue recognition
           At point in time                                                        7,463,383              8,385,473




                                          China Traditional Chinese Medicine Holdings Co. Limited • Interim Report 2025   41
     NOTES TO INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL INFORMATION
     For the six months ended 30 June 2025


     4. REVENUE (continued)

          (ii) Set out below is the reconciliation of the revenue from contracts with customers
               to the amounts disclosed in the segment information:

                                                                                                        Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                                              2025                      2024
                                                                                                           RMB’000                   RMB’000
                                                                                                        (Unaudited)                (Unaudited)

                    Revenue from contracts with customers
                      External customers                                                                    7,463,383                8,385,473
                      Intersegment sales                                                                    1,453,865                1,256,051

                    Subtotal                                                                                8,917,248                9,641,524

                    Intersegment adjustments and eliminations                                              (1,453,865)              (1,256,051)

                    Total                                                                                   7,463,383                8,385,473




     5. OTHER INCOME

                                                                                                        Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                                              2025                      2024
                                                                                                           RMB’000                   RMB’000
                                                                                                        (Unaudited)                (Unaudited)

            Government grants
              Unconditional subsidies (note (i))                                                                36,857                   39,669
              Conditional subsidies (note (ii))                                                                 31,493                   20,097
            Interest income on bank deposits                                                                    17,900                   16,320
            Rental income                                                                                        4,802                    3,511

            Total other income                                                                                  91,052                   79,597



          Notes:

          (i)      The amount represents subsidy income received from various government authorities as incentives to the Group to recognise their
                   contribution to the local economy.


          (ii)     Including government grants and subsidies have been received to compensate for the Group’s research and development expenditures,
                   which relate to future costs to be incurred and require the Group to comply with conditions attached to the grants and the
                   government to acknowledge the compliance of these conditions. These grants are recognised in profit or loss when related costs
                   are subsequently incurred and the Group receives government’s acknowledgement of compliance. Other government grants have
                   been received to compensate for the construction of the production line. The subsidies are recognised in profit or loss over the
                   useful lives of the relevant assets.




42   China Traditional Chinese Medicine Holdings Co. Limited • Interim Report 2025
   NOTES TO INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL INFORMATION
                                                                                            For the six months ended 30 June 2025


6. OTHER GAINS AND LOSSES

                                                                                                  Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                                        2025                       2024
                                                                                                     RMB’000                    RMB’000
                                                                                                  (Unaudited)                 (Unaudited)

   Impairment loss recognised in respect of goodwill (note 13)                                         (242,461)                         –
   Penalty interests (note)                                                                             (17,523)                   (52,708)
   Donation                                                                                              (1,510)                   (13,114)
   Loss on disposal of property, plant and equipment                                                     (3,301)                    (1,752)
   Net exchange (loss)/gain                                                                                (136)                       920
   Others                                                                                                 2,537                      1,886

   Total                                                                                               (262,394)                   (64,768)



  Note:

  Penalty interests mainly represented the penalty interest in relation to the under provision in income taxes in prior periods as disclosed in
  note 9 Income Tax Expense.



7. FINANCE COSTS

                                                                                                  Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                                        2025                       2024
                                                                                                     RMB’000                    RMB’000
                                                                                                  (Unaudited)                 (Unaudited)

   Interest on bank borrowings                                                                           24,153                     50,843
   Interest on lease liabilities                                                                          2,208                      2,928
   Effective interest expense on unsecured notes                                                         18,689                     24,213
   Discounting of bills                                                                                   1,526                      5,338
   Factoring of trade receivables                                                                           627                        952

   Total borrowing costs                                                                                 47,203                     84,274




                                                       China Traditional Chinese Medicine Holdings Co. Limited • Interim Report 2025              43
     NOTES TO INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL INFORMATION
     For the six months ended 30 June 2025


     8. (LOSS)/PROFIT BEFORE TAX

          The Group’s (loss)/profit before tax is arrived at after charging/(crediting):

                                                                                                         Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                        Notes                  2025                       2024
                                                                                                            RMB’000                    RMB’000
                                                                                                         (Unaudited)                 (Unaudited)

              Cost of inventories sold                                                                       3,828,790                 4,324,219
              Included: Write-down of inventories
                         to net realisable value*                                                                28,817                    39,769

              Depreciation
              – property, plant and equipment                                                                  347,071                   338,963
              – investment properties                                                                            3,734                     2,299
              – right-of-use assets                                                                             30,731                    24,794
              Amortisation of other intangible assets                                     13                   195,697                   195,421

              Total depreciation and amortisation                                                              577,233                   561,477

              Research and development costs                                                                   256,123                   267,925

              Impairment loss recognised in respect of goodwill                        6 & 13                  242,461                          –
              Foreign exchange loss/(gain), net                                           6                        136                       (920)
              Loss disposal of property, plant and equipment                              6                      3,301                      1,752
              Loss on disposal of other intangible assets                                                            –                         11
              Impairment losses recognised/(reversed) in respect of
              – trade receivables                                                         16                   189,717                   156,817
              – other receivables                                                         16                    (3,118)                    1,934
              – debt instruments at FVTOCI                                                16                      (724)                       17



          *       The write-down of inventories to net realisable value is included in “Cost of sales” in the interim condensed consolidated statement
                  of profit or loss and other comprehensive income.




44   China Traditional Chinese Medicine Holdings Co. Limited • Interim Report 2025
   NOTES TO INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL INFORMATION
                                                                                             For the six months ended 30 June 2025


9. INCOME TAX EXPENSE

   No provision for Hong Kong Profits Tax has been made in the interim condensed consolidated financial
   statements as the Group has no assessable profit in Hong Kong for both periods.

   Under the Law of the People’s Republic of China on Enterprise Income Tax (the “EIT Law”) and Implementation
   Regulation of the EIT Law, the tax rate of the PRC subsidiaries is 25% for both periods. Certain subsidiaries
   of the Group were qualified enterprises located in the western region of the PRC or recognised as advanced
   and new technology enterprises and, accordingly, enjoyed a preferential enterprise income tax rate of 15%.
   Certain subsidiaries of the Company were qualified enterprise with operation of medicinal plants primary
   processing business in the PRC and enjoys a full enterprise income tax exemption.

                                                                                                  Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                                        2025                       2024
                                                                                                     RMB’000                    RMB’000
                                                                                                  (Unaudited)                 (Unaudited)

    Current
     PRC EIT                                                                                              75,776                  114,262
     Underprovision in prior periods (note)                                                               37,367                   78,004
    Deferred                                                                                             (54,322)                (106,975)

    Total tax charge for the period                                                                       58,821                    85,291



   Note:

   During the six months ended 30 June 2025, certain subsidiaries of the Company have been inspected by local tax bureaus, or have
   conducted self-inspection following the tax audit notices issued by local tax bureaus, respectively. These subsidiaries have made provisions
   based on the best estimate of under provision on relevant income tax during the respective periods ranging from year 2017 to year 2024.



10. DIVIDENDS

   No dividend was proposed for the six months ended 30 June 2025 (six months ended 30 June 2024: nil).

   The proposed 2024 final dividend of HK0.35 cent per ordinary share and special dividend of HK8.30 cents
   per ordinary share, amounting to a total of approximately HK$435,597,000 (approximately RMB397,482,000),
   were approved by the Company’s shareholders at the annual general meeting on 27 June 2025.




                                                       China Traditional Chinese Medicine Holdings Co. Limited • Interim Report 2025              45
     NOTES TO INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL INFORMATION
     For the six months ended 30 June 2025


     11. (LOSS)/EARNINGS PER SHARE ATTRIBUTABLE TO ORDINARY EQUITY
         HOLDERS OF THE COMPANY

          The calculation of the basic loss per share amounts is based on the loss for the period attributable to ordinary
          equity holders of the Company of approximately RMB107,918,000 (six months ended 30 June 2024: profit
          for the period attributable to ordinary equity holders of the Company of approximately RMB210,979,000),
          and the weighted average number of ordinary shares of 5,035,801,000 (30 June 2024: 5,035,801,000) in
          issue during the period.

          The calculations of basic and diluted (loss)/earnings per share are based on:

                                                                                      Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                            2025                 2024
                                                                                         RMB’000              RMB’000
                                                                                      (Unaudited)           (Unaudited)

           (Loss)/earnings
           (Loss)/profit for the period attributable to the owners of the
             Company                                                                      (107,918)            210,979



                                                                                           Number of shares
                                                                                      Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                              2025                 2024

           Shares
           Weighted average number of ordinary shares for the purpose of
             basic (loss)/earnings per share (in thousand)                                5,035,801          5,035,801



          No diluted (loss)/earnings per share for both periods was presented as there were no dilutive potential ordinary
          shares in issue during both current and prior periods.




46   China Traditional Chinese Medicine Holdings Co. Limited • Interim Report 2025
   NOTES TO INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL INFORMATION
                                                                             For the six months ended 30 June 2025


12. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT AND RIGHT-OF-USE ASSETS

   During the six months ended 30 June 2025, the Group incurred approximately RMB54,707,000 (six months
   ended 30 June 2024: RMB48,931,000), and RMB99,699,000 (six months ended 30 June 2024: RMB160,389,000)
   on acquisition of property, plant and equipment and construction in progress, respectively.

   Assets with a net book value of approximately RMB29,233,000 were disposed of by the Group during the six
   months ended 30 June 2025 (30 June 2024: RMB2,133,000), resulting in a net loss on disposal of approximately
   RMB3,301,000 (30 June 2024: RMB1,752,000).

   Certain of the Group’s property, plant and equipment and investment properties with carrying values of
   approximately RMB679,839,000 (31 December 2024: RMB614,842,000) were pledged to secure certain bank
   borrowings and bills payables granted to the Group.

   The Group has lease contracts for various items of buildings and other equipment used in its operations. Lump
   sum payments were made upfront to acquire the leased land from the owners with lease periods of 30 to
   50 years, and no ongoing payments will be made under the terms of these land leases. Leases of buildings
   generally have lease terms between 1 to 10 years. Other equipment generally has lease terms of 12 months
   or less and/or is individually of low value. Generally, the Group is restricted from assigning and subleasing
   the leased assets outside the Group. On lease commencement date, the Group recognised right-of-use assets
   of approximately RMB41,011,000 (six months ended 30 June 2024: RMB42,160,000) and lease liabilities of
   approximately RMB46,667,000 (six months ended 30 June 2024: RMB40,841,000), respectively.

   Certain of the Group’s right-of-use assets with carrying values of approximately RMB111,324,000 (31 December
   2024: RMB50,420,000) were pledged to secure certain bank borrowings and bills payables granted to the
   Group.




                                            China Traditional Chinese Medicine Holdings Co. Limited • Interim Report 2025   47
     NOTES TO INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL INFORMATION
     For the six months ended 30 June 2025


     13. GOODWILL AND OTHER INTANGIBLE ASSETS

                                                                                                                                      Intangible
                                                                                                              Goodwill                    assets
                                                                                                              RMB’000                   RMB’000

           Cost and carrying amount:

           At 1 January 2025 (audited)                                                                       3,026,077                 5,106,168
           Additions                                                                                                 –                     1,377
           Transfer from construction in progress                                                                    –                     1,599
           Amortisation for the period                                                                               –                  (195,697)
           Impairment loss (note)                                                                             (242,461)                        –

           At 30 June 2025 (unaudited)                                                                       2,783,616                 4,913,447



          Note:

          In addition to goodwill and trademarks (part of intangible assets) above, property, plant and equipment, other intangible assets with finite
          useful lives and right-of-use assets that generate cash flows together with the related goodwill and trademarks are also included in the
          respective CGUs for the purpose of impairment assessment.

          During the six months ended 30 June 2025, the management of the Group has recognised an impairment loss of approximately
          RMB242,461,000 in relation to goodwill allocated to the CGU of Jiangyin Tianjiang (30 June 2024: nil), primarily due to its underperformance
          of the concentrated TCM granules business. As a result, a provision for goodwill impairment was made in CGU of Jiangyin Tianjiang. The
          impairment loss has been included in profit or loss in the other gains and losses line item.

          In the opinion of the Directors, no additional impairment loss of other CGUs was recognised during the six months ended 30 June 2025
          and 2024.

          The recoverable amount of the CGU is determined based on value-in-use calculation. The recoverable amount of the CGU as at 30 June
          2025 has been arrived at based on the value-in-use calculation carried out on 30 June 2025 by independent qualified professional valuer.
          The key assumptions used in the value-in-use calculation are those regarding the discount rate, growth rate, budgeted sales and gross
          profit margin. The changes in selling prices and costs are based on historical operating records and expectation of future changes in the
          market. Discount rate applied is able to reflect the current market assessments of the time value of money and the risks specific to the CGU.

          For the purpose of impairment testing, goodwill and other intangible assets with indefinite useful lives have been allocated to the CGU.
          The Group determined the value-in-use by preparing cash flow projections of the CGU derived from the most recent financial forecast
          approved by the management covering a 5-year period with an average sales growth rate as mentioned below. Cash flows beyond the
          fifth year are extrapolated using an estimated growth rate as mentioned below. Other key assumptions for the value-in-use calculation
          relate to the estimation of cash flow projection which include gross margin, such estimation is based on the CGU’s past performance and
          management’s expectations for the market development. The discount rate reflects specific risks relating to the CGU.

          The basis of the recoverable amount of the above CGU and its major underlying assumptions are summarised below:


                                                    Average growth rate                Growth rate beyond                        Pre-tax
                                                    for five-year period                  the fifth year                     discount rates
                                                     30 June     31 December            30 June     31 December            30 June     31 December
                                                        2025            2024               2025            2024               2025            2024

           Jiangyin Tianjiang                          2.65%            8.32%             2.30%            2.30%            9.75%           10.09%



          Management believes that any reasonably possible change in any of these assumptions would not cause the aggregate carrying amount
          of the above CGU that contain goodwill and other intangible assets with indefinite useful lives to exceed its recoverable amount.




48   China Traditional Chinese Medicine Holdings Co. Limited • Interim Report 2025
   NOTES TO INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL INFORMATION
                                                                           For the six months ended 30 June 2025


14. INVENTORIES

                                                                                    30 June           31 December
                                                                                       2025                  2024
                                                                                   RMB’000                RMB’000
                                                                                (Unaudited)               (Audited)

    Raw materials                                                                  1,141,819              1,104,406
    Work in progress                                                               1,326,894              1,630,106
    Finished goods                                                                 2,198,899              2,048,587

    Total                                                                          4,667,612              4,783,099



   As at 30 June 2025, there is a provision for inventories write-down with the amount of approximately
   RMB203,820,000 (31 December 2024: RMB192,485,000).


15. TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES

                                                                                    30 June           31 December
                                                                                       2025                  2024
                                                                                   RMB’000                RMB’000
                                                                                (Unaudited)               (Audited)

    Trade receivables                                                              8,982,467              8,392,206
    Less: allowance for credit losses                                               (412,847)              (223,216)

                                                                                   8,569,620              8,168,990

    Deposits and prepayments                                                          96,517                 68,780
    Advance tax payments                                                             147,380                160,681
    Other receivables                                                                236,280                199,164
    Less: allowance for credit losses                                                (27,985)               (31,103)

                                                                                     452,192                397,522

    Total                                                                          9,021,812              8,566,512



   The Group allows a credit period within 365 days to trade customers including distributors, hospitals and
   primary health care institutions.




                                          China Traditional Chinese Medicine Holdings Co. Limited • Interim Report 2025   49
     NOTES TO INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL INFORMATION
     For the six months ended 30 June 2025


     15. TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES (continued)

          An ageing analysis of the trade receivables as at the end of the reporting period, based on the invoice date
          is as follows:

                                                                                         30 June       31 December
                                                                                            2025              2024
                                                                                        RMB’000            RMB’000
                                                                                     (Unaudited)           (Audited)

           0 to 90 days                                                                3,927,935          4,377,309
           91 to 180 days                                                              2,129,363          1,738,053
           181 to 365 days                                                             2,045,640          1,813,051
           Over 365 days                                                                 879,529            463,793

           Total                                                                       8,982,467          8,392,206




     16. IMPAIRMENT ASSESSMENT ON FINANCIAL ASSETS AND OTHER ITEMS
         SUBJECT TO EXPECTED CREDIT LOSS (“ECL”) MODEL

                                                                                     Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                           2025               2024
                                                                                        RMB’000            RMB’000
                                                                                     (Unaudited)         (Unaudited)

           Impairment losses recognised/(reversed) in respect of
             – trade receivables                                                        189,717             156,817
             – other receivables                                                         (3,118)              1,934
             – debt instruments at FVTOCI                                                  (724)                 17

           Total                                                                        185,875             158,768



          The basis of the determination of the inputs and assumptions and the estimation techniques used in the
          condensed consolidated financial statements for the six months ended 30 June 2025 are the same as those
          followed in the preparation of the Group’s annual consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31
          December 2024.




50   China Traditional Chinese Medicine Holdings Co. Limited • Interim Report 2025
   NOTES TO INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL INFORMATION
                                                                             For the six months ended 30 June 2025


17. DEBT INSTRUMENTS AT FVTOCI

                                                                                      30 June           31 December
                                                                                         2025                  2024
                                                                                     RMB’000                RMB’000
                                                                                  (Unaudited)               (Audited)

    Bills receivable                                                                   864,330              1,469,238



   The amounts represent the bills receivables that were held under the “hold to collect and sell” business model.
   As at 30 June 2025, the Group’s debt instruments at FVTOCI amounted to approximately RMB108,693,000
   (31 December 2024: RMB62,648,000) were pledged as security for bank facilities of bills payables and bank
   borrowings granted to the Group.


18. PLEDGED BANK DEPOSITS AND CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS

   (a) Pledged bank deposits

        The amounts represent the guarantee deposits for bills payables and carried interest at market rates
        ranging from 0.05% to 1.50% per annum (31 December 2024: 0.10% to 1.70%).

   (b) Cash and cash equivalents

        Included in bank balances and cash is approximately RMB4,147,723,000 (31 December 2024:
        RMB3,798,425,000) which represents cash held by the Group and short-term deposits carried interest
        at prevailing market rates ranging from 0.05% to 1.35% per annum (31 December 2024: 0.10% to
        1.30% per annum) with original maturity of three months or less as at 30 June 2025.

        The remaining of bank balances were restricted cash of approximately RMB161,405,000 (31 December
        2024: RMB68,486,000), in which RMB132,676,000 (31 December 2024: RMB48,165,000) represents
        the cash collected on behalf of factoring institutions under the non-recourse factoring arrangement of
        trade receivables with the Group.

        Included in pledged bank deposits/bank balances and cash are approximately RMB7,916,000 (31 December
        2024: RMB9,635,000) and RMB1,200,000 (31 December 2024: RMB639,000), which are denominated in
        HK$ and US$, respectively, the currencies other than functional currency of the relevant group entities.

        Cash at banks earns interest at floating rates based on daily bank deposit rates. The bank balances and
        deposits are deposited with creditworthy banks with no recent history of default.




                                            China Traditional Chinese Medicine Holdings Co. Limited • Interim Report 2025   51
     NOTES TO INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL INFORMATION
     For the six months ended 30 June 2025


     19. TRADE AND OTHER PAYABLES

                                                                                                        30 June             31 December
                                                                                                           2025                    2024
                                                                                                       RMB’000                  RMB’000
                                                                                                    (Unaudited)                 (Audited)

           Trade payables                                                                              1,833,522               1,432,901
           Bills payables                                                                                715,561                 803,992
           Deposits                                                                                    1,005,012               1,015,315
           Salaries and welfare payables                                                                 283,840                 528,859
           Other tax payables                                                                            137,056                 185,091
           Accrual of operating expenses                                                                 909,856                 908,072
           Dividend payables                                                                             405,590                  29,345
           Consideration payable for acquisition of subsidiaries                                           3,550                   3,550
           Collection of accounts receivable on behalf of financial
             institutions that entered into the non-recourse factoring
             arrangement with the Group                                                                  135,510                   48,165
           Refund liabilities                                                                             17,173                   28,733
           Other payables (note)                                                                         513,969                  453,622

           Total                                                                                       5,960,639               5,437,645



          Note:

          Payables mainly include payables for acquisition of equipment, collection and payment on behalf of centralised procurement funds and
          output VAT payable arising from advance payments from customers.


          An ageing analysis of the trade and bills payables as at the end of the reporting period, based on the invoice
          date, is as follows:

                                                                                                        30 June             31 December
                                                                                                           2025                    2024
                                                                                                       RMB’000                  RMB’000
                                                                                                    (Unaudited)                 (Audited)

           0 to 90 days                                                                                2,224,591               1,479,694
           91 to 180 days                                                                                247,921                 527,182
           181 to 365 days                                                                                63,451                 160,895
           Over 365 days                                                                                  13,120                  69,122

           Total                                                                                       2,549,083               2,236,893




52   China Traditional Chinese Medicine Holdings Co. Limited • Interim Report 2025
   NOTES TO INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL INFORMATION
                                                                         For the six months ended 30 June 2025


20. INTEREST-BEARING BANK AND OTHER BORROWINGS

   During the current interim period, the Group obtained new bank and other borrowings amounting to
   approximately RMB813,277,000 (six months ended 30 June 2024: RMB3,199,149,000), repaid bank and
   other borrowings amounting to approximately RMB1,188,972,000 (six months ended 30 June 2024:
   RMB2,216,596,000). The loans carried interest at fixed market rates ranging from 1.95% to 4.75% and
   were repayable in instalments over a period ranging from 1 month to 6 years.


21. UNSECURED NOTES

   On 18 May 2023, the Company issued the medium-term notes in an aggregate amount of RMB1,200,000,000,
   with a maturity of three years and a coupon rate of 3.04% per annum.


22. SHARE CAPITAL

                                      Number of shares                                Share capital
                                      30 June         31 December                 30 June           31 December
                                         2025                2024                    2025                  2024
                                          ’000                ’000               RMB’000                RMB’000
                                  (Unaudited)             (Audited)           (Unaudited)               (Audited)

    Authorised                       Unlimited number of ordinary shares with no par value

    Issued and fully paid           5,035,801             5,035,801            11,982,474             11,982,474




                                        China Traditional Chinese Medicine Holdings Co. Limited • Interim Report 2025   53
     NOTES TO INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL INFORMATION
     For the six months ended 30 June 2025


     23. TRANSFERS OF FINANCIAL ASSETS

          Transferred financial assets that are derecognised in their entirety

          During the period, the Group endorsed certain bills receivable for the settlement of trade and other payables.
          In the opinion of the directors of the Company, the Group has transferred the significant risks and rewards
          relating to these bills receivable, and the Group’s obligations to the corresponding counterparties were
          discharged in accordance with the commercial practice in the PRC and the risk of the default in payment
          of the endorsed and discounted bills receivable is low because all endorsed and discounted bills receivable
          are issued and guaranteed by reputable PRC banks. As a result, the relevant assets and liabilities were not
          recognised on the condensed consolidated financial statements. The maximum exposure to the Group that
          may result from the default of these endorsed and discounted bills receivable at the end of the reporting
          period are as follows:

                                                                                         30 June         31 December
                                                                                            2025                2024
                                                                                        RMB’000              RMB’000
                                                                                     (Unaudited)             (Audited)

           Outstanding endorsed and discounted bills
            receivable with recourse                                                     101,738              148,768



          During the six months ended 30 June 2025, the Group has not recognised any gain or loss on the date of
          transfer of the derecognised bills. No gains or losses were recognised from the continuing involvement, both
          during the period or cumulatively. The endorsement has been made evenly throughout the period.




54   China Traditional Chinese Medicine Holdings Co. Limited • Interim Report 2025
   NOTES TO INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL INFORMATION
                                                                           For the six months ended 30 June 2025


24. PLEDGED ASSETS

   The following assets were pledged as securities for notes payable and interest-bearing bank and other
   borrowings:

                                                                                    30 June           31 December
                                                                                       2025                  2024
                                                                                   RMB’000                RMB’000
                                                                                (Unaudited)               (Audited)

    Property, plant and equipment and investment properties                          679,839                614,842
    Right-of-use assets                                                              111,324                 50,420
    Debt instruments at FVTOCI                                                       108,693                 62,648
    Pledged bank deposits                                                            107,695                153,743

    Total                                                                          1,007,551                881,653




25. CAPITAL COMMITMENTS

   The Group had the following capital commitments at the end of the reporting period:

                                                                                    30 June           31 December
                                                                                       2025                  2024
                                                                                   RMB’000                RMB’000
                                                                                (Unaudited)               (Audited)

    Contracted for but not provided:

      – Acquisition of other intangible assets                                           115                     459
      – Acquisition of property, plant and equipment                                  30,562                  39,127

    Total                                                                             30,677                  39,586




                                          China Traditional Chinese Medicine Holdings Co. Limited • Interim Report 2025   55
     NOTES TO INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL INFORMATION
     For the six months ended 30 June 2025


     26. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS

          (a) Names of the Group’s principal related parties and their relationship with the
              Group:

                  Name of related parties                                        Relationship

                  China National Pharmaceutical                                  Ultimate controlling party
                    Group Corporation’s (“CNPGC”)
                  CNPGC’s subsidiaries other than the Group                      Fellow subsidiaries of the Group
                  Ping An Bank                                                   Fellow subsidiary of a substantial shareholder

          (b) During the current interim period, the Group had the following transactions with
              related parties during the period:

                                                                                             Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                                   2025                 2024
                                                                                                RMB’000              RMB’000
                                                                                             (Unaudited)           (Unaudited)

                  (i)     Sale of finished goods to CNPGC’s subsidiaries other
                            than the Group                                                        647,203             712,468

                  (ii)    Purchase of raw materials from CNPGC’s subsidiaries
                            other than the Group                                                   42,104              75,222

                  (iii)   Other purchase from CNPGC’s subsidiaries other than
                            the Group                                                               4,829                2,949

                  (iv)    Rental income from CNPGC’s subsidiaries other than
                            the Group                                                               1,747                1,672

                  (v)     Interest income from CNPGC’s subsidiaries other than
                            the Group                                                                 596                  666

                  (vi)    Interest income from Ping An Bank                                              –                  15

                  (vii) Interest expense to Ping An Bank                                                 –                   7

                  (viii) Interest expense to CNPGC’s subsidiaries other than
                           the Group                                                                5,084                    –




56   China Traditional Chinese Medicine Holdings Co. Limited • Interim Report 2025
   NOTES TO INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL INFORMATION
                                                                           For the six months ended 30 June 2025


26. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (continued)

   (c) Particulars of significant balances between the Group and the related parties are
       as follows:

                                                                                    30 June           31 December
                                                                                       2025                  2024
                                                                                   RMB’000                RMB’000
                                                                                (Unaudited)               (Audited)

        (i) Trade and other receivables due from CNPGC’s
              subsidiaries other than the Group as included in
              trade and other receivables set out in note 15                         682,035                634,715

        (ii) Trade and other payables due to CNPGC’s subsidiaries
               other than the Group as included in trade and other
               payables set out in note 19                                            75,497                  60,437

        (iii) Time deposits and bank deposits placed in CNPGC’s
                subsidiaries other than the Group as included in
                bank balances and cash set out in note 18                            561,570                582,125

        (iv) Borrowing due to CNPGC’s subsidiaries other than
               the Group as interest-bearing bank and other
               borrowings set out in note 20                                         630,374                400,000

        (v) Bank deposits placed in Ping An Bank as included in
              cash and cash equivalents set out in note 18                                   –                 2,963



   (d) Key management remuneration

       Remuneration for key management personnel of the Group is as follows:

                                                                               Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                      2025                   2024
                                                                                   RMB’000                RMB’000
                                                                                (Unaudited)             (Unaudited)

        Short-term employee benefits                                                    6,354                  3,648
        Post-employment benefits                                                          250                    386

        Total compensation paid to key management personnel                             6,604                  4,034




                                          China Traditional Chinese Medicine Holdings Co. Limited • Interim Report 2025   57
     NOTES TO INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL INFORMATION
     For the six months ended 30 June 2025


     26. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (continued)

          Transactions/balances with other state-controlled entities

          The Group itself is part of a large group of companies under CNPGC, which is controlled by the government
          of the PRC. Apart from the transactions with the parent company and its subsidiaries which have been
          disclosed in other notes to the interim condensed consolidated financial statements, the Group also conducts
          businesses with entities directly or indirectly owned or controlled, jointly controlled or significantly influenced
          by the PRC government (“stated-controlled entities”) in the ordinary course of business. The directors of the
          Company consider those entities other than the CNPGC group are independent third parties as far as the
          Group’s business transactions with them are concerned. In establishing its pricing strategies and approval
          process for transactions with other state-controlled entities, the Group does not differentiate whether the
          counterparty is a state-controlled entity or not. The Group is of the opinion that it has provided, in the best
          of its knowledge, adequate and appropriate disclosure of related party transactions in the interim condensed
          consolidated financial statements.

          The Group has bank balances deposited in and entered into various transactions, including sales, purchases,
          borrowings and other operating expenses, with other state-controlled entities during the current period in
          which the directors of the Company are of the opinion that it is impracticable to ascertain the identity of the
          controlling parties of these counterparties and accordingly whether the counterparties are state-controlled
          entities.


     27. FAIR VALUE AND FAIR VALUE HIERARCHY OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS

          Some of the Group’s financial assets are measured at fair value at the end of each reporting period. The
          following table gives information about how the fair values of these financial assets are determined (in
          particular, the valuation technique(s) and inputs used), as well as the level of the fair value hierarchy into
          which the fair value measurements are categorised (Levels 1 to 3) based on the degree to which the inputs
          to the fair value measurements is observable.

          •     Level 1 fair value measurements are those derived from quoted prices (unadjusted) in active market for
                identical assets or liabilities;

          •     Level 2 fair value measurements are those derived from inputs other than quoted prices included within
                Level 1 that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly (i.e. as prices) or indirectly (i.e. derived
                from prices); and

          •     Level 3 fair value measurements are those derived from valuation techniques that include inputs for the
                asset or liability that are not based on observable market data (unobservable inputs).




58   China Traditional Chinese Medicine Holdings Co. Limited • Interim Report 2025
   NOTES TO INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL INFORMATION
                                                                             For the six months ended 30 June 2025


27. FAIR VALUE AND FAIR VALUE HIERARCHY OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
    (continued)

   Fair value of the Group’s financial assets that are measured at fair value on a recurring
   basis

                                                                          Fair value Valuation technique and
    Financial assets                        Fair value as at              hierarchy key inputs
                                          30 June       31 December
                                             2025              2024
                                         RMB’000            RMB’000
                                      (Unaudited)           (Audited)

    Financial assets at FVTOCI
    Bills receivable                       864,330         1,469,238      Level 3        Discounted cash flow at a
                                                                                          discount rate that reflects
                                                                                          the issuer’s current
                                                                                          discount rate at the end
                                                                                          of the reporting period



   There were no transfers between level 1, 2 and 3 during both current and prior periods.

   The movements in fair value measurements within level 3 during the period/year are as follows:

                                                                                        2025                    2024
                                                                                     RMB’000                 RMB’000
                                                                                  (Unaudited)                (Audited)

    Debt instruments at fair value through other comprehensive
     income (“FVTOCI”)

    At 1 January                                                                     1,469,238                886,777
    Total gains/(losses) recognised in other comprehensive income                          724                    (17)
    Additions                                                                          854,952              1,469,255
    Disposals                                                                       (1,460,584)              (886,777)

    At 30 June/31 December                                                             864,330              1,469,238



   Except as disclosed below, the directors of the Company consider that the carrying amounts of financial assets
   and financial liabilities recorded at amortised cost in the interim condensed consolidated financial statements
   approximate their fair values at the end of the reporting period.




                                            China Traditional Chinese Medicine Holdings Co. Limited • Interim Report 2025   59
     NOTES TO INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL INFORMATION
     For the six months ended 30 June 2025


     27. FAIR VALUE AND FAIR VALUE HIERARCHY OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
         (continued)

          Unsecured notes

                                                                                         30 June      31 December
                                                                                            2025             2024
                                                                                        RMB’000           RMB’000
                                                                                     (Unaudited)          (Audited)

           Carrying amount                                                             1,202,896         1,220,687

           Fair value under level 2 fair value hierarchy                               1,204,654         1,221,741



          The fair values of the financial liabilities included in the level 2 category above have been determined in
          accordance with generally accepted pricing models based on a discounted cash flow analysis, with the most
          significant inputs being the discount rate that reflects the credit risk of the Company.


     28. APPROVAL OF THESE INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
         STATEMENTS

          These interim condensed consolidated financial statements were approved and authorised for issue by the
          Board of directors on 29 August 2025.




60   China Traditional Chinese Medicine Holdings Co. Limited • Interim Report 2025
