For personal use only
                        18 August 2022




                        ASX Market Announcements Office
                        Australian Securities Exchange
                        20 Bridge Street
                        Sydney NSW 2000


                        Orora Limited (ORA) Appendix 4E and 2022 Annual Report


                        Orora Limited announces to the market its financial results for the year ended 30 June 2022.


                        The following documents are attached:

                        •      Appendix 4E – Preliminary Final Report given under Listing Rule 4.3A; and

                        •      Orora 2022 Annual Report including its financial statements and Corporate Governance
                               Statement, for the year ended 30 June 2022.


                        Yours faithfully




                        Ann Stubbings
                        Company Secretary




                        This announcement has been authorised for release by the Board of Directors of Orora Limited.




                        Orora Limited ABN 55 004 275 165
                        109 Burwood Road, Hawthorn VIC 3122, Australia. T +61 3 9811 7111 F +61 3 9811 7171
                        www.ororagroup.com
                                                                             Appendix 4E Rule 4.3A

                                                                               Annual Report

                                                                              ORORA LIMITED
                                                                             ABN 55 004 275 165




For personal use only
                        1. Details of the reporting period and the previous corresponding period
                                 Reporting Period:                                         Year Ended 30 June 2022
                                 Previous Corresponding Period:                            Year Ended 30 June 2021


                        2. Results for announcement to the market
                            Key information                                     30 June 2022                                                  30 June 2021
                                                                                 A$ million                                                    A$ million
                            Statutory results
                            2.1 Revenue from ordinary activities
                                • From Continuing Operations                       4,090.8              Up           15.6%        from           3,538.0
                                • From Discontinued Operations                         -                                                            -
                            2.2 Net profit/(loss) from ordinary activities after tax but before significant items, attributable to members
                                • From Continuing Operations                        187.1               Up           19.4%        from           156.7
                                • From Discontinued Operations                         -                                                            -
                            2.3 Net profit/(loss) for the period, after significant items, attributable to members
                                • From Continuing Operations                        187.1               Up           44.3%        from           129.7
                                • From Discontinued Operations                       (2.4)            Down           139.3%       from             6.1


                            Dividends                                                                                Amount per          Franked amount per
                                                                                                                      security                 security
                            Current period
                            2.4 Final dividend payable 10 October 2022                                                8.5 cents              unfranked
                            2.4 Interim dividend                                                                      8.0 cents              unfranked
                            Previous corresponding period
                            2.4 Final dividend                                                                        7.5 cents              unfranked
                            2.4 Interim dividend                                                                      6.5 cents              unfranked



                            2.5 Record date for determining entitlements to the dividend                               Final dividend – 6 September 2022



                        2.6 Brief explanation of figures in 2.1 to 2.4:
                              i) The current period final dividend and interim dividend are unfranked.
                              ii) 100.0% of the current period final dividend and current period interim dividend were sourced from the Conduit
                                   Foreign Income Account. Dividends to foreign holders are not subject to withholding tax.
                              iii) Refer to attached Annual Report and the Investor Results Release for further details relating to 2.1 to 2.4.
                        3. Income Statement and Statement of Comprehensive Income
                             Refer to the attached Annual Report.

                        4. Statement of Financial Position
                             Refer to the attached Annual Report.




For personal use only
                        5. Statement of Cash Flows
                             Refer to the attached Annual Report.

                        6. Statement of Retained Earnings
                             Refer to the attached Annual Report, Note 2.4.3 Retained Earnings.

                        7. Details of individual dividends and payment dates
                             Refer to the attached Annual Report, Note 2.2 Dividends and Note 2.4.3 Retained Earnings.

                        8. Details of dividend reinvestment plan
                             The Dividend Reinvestment Plan (DRP) is in operation. No discount is available under the DRP in respect of the FY22 final
                             dividend. The issue price for the FY22 final dividend will be calculated based on the arithmetic average of the weighted average
                             market price for the ten ASX trading days from 12 September to 23 September 2022, inclusive. The last date for receipt of
                             election notices for the DRP is 7 September 2022. Shares allotted under the DRP rank equally with existing fully paid ordinary
                             shares of Orora Limited.

                        9. Net tangible assets
                                                                                                        Current period                     30 June 2021

                          Net tangible asset backing per ordinary security                                   $0.33(1)                           $0.37
                        (1) The net tangible asset backing per ordinary share of $0.33 presented above is inclusive of right-of-use assets and lease liabilities. The net tangible

                          asset backing per ordinary share, as at 30 June 2022 would reduce to $0.13 (2021: $0.15) if right-of-use assets were excluded, and right-of-use
                          liabilities were included, in the calculation.

                        10. Control gained or lost over entities during the period having a material effect
                               Refer to the attached Annual Report, no entities were acquired or disposed of during the period having a material effect.
                               Refer to Note 6 for details of the Group Structure.

                        11. Details of associates and joint venture entities
                               Not applicable.

                        12. Significant information
                               Refer to the attached Investor Results Release.

                        13. For foreign entities, which set of accounting standards is used in compiling the report
                               International Financial Reporting Standards.

                        14. Commentary on results for the period
                               Refer to the attached Annual Report, Note 1.3 Earnings per Share and the attached Investor Results Release.

                        15 This report is based on accounts which have been audited
                               Refer to the attached Annual Report.




                        ............................................................
                        Ann Stubbings
                        Company Secretary
                        Dated: 18 August 2022
For personal use only
               Orora
               Annual
               Report
              Contents

              1     Orora at a glance
              2 	FY22 financial overview and highlights
              4 	A message from the Chair
              6     A message from the
                    Managing Director and CEO
              8     We are One Orora
              9     Orora Group strategy update 




For personal use only
              12 Orora’s sustainability approach
              22 Group financial review summary
              24 Operational review Australasia
              26 Operational review North America
              28 Corporate Governance Statement
              38 Principal risks
              40 Board of Directors
              42 Executive Leadership team
              44 Directors’ report
              49 Remuneration report
              66	  Directors’ declaration (Directors’ report)
              67 Auditor’s independence declaration
              68 Financial report
              133 Directors’ declaration (Financial report)
              134 	Independent auditor’s report to the
                    members of Orora Limited
              139 	S tatement of shareholdings
              141 	Five-year historical financial information
              142 	Shareholder information
              143 	Financial calendar
              144 	Corporate directory




               Investor Centre
               To view this report online or to
               download a copy, visit Orora’s website:
               www.ororagroup.com


               Orora AGM
               Orora’s Annual General Meeting (AGM) will be
               held on Thursday, 20 October 2022.
               To access more information, visit
               www.ororagroup.com/agm
                    Orora at a glance

                        We are manufacturers and distributors of sustainable and innovative packaging
                        and visual solutions to customers all over the world.




For personal use only
                        An ASX-listed public company headquartered in Melbourne, Australia with over A$4 billion
                        in sales in FY22, Orora’s purpose is to be a leading sustainable packaging solutions provider,
                        designing and delivering products and services that enable our customers’ brands to thrive.




                        Our portfolio                                                               Our values
                        We operate a portfolio of three businesses
                        across two key geographic segments.


                        Beverage Australasia
                        Across Australia and New Zealand Orora
                        Beverage provides innovative, state-of-the-art
                        packaging design and manufacturing solutions
                                                                              4.8k
                                                                              Team
                        to customers in the beverage industry. Working        members
                        within three specialist business units in Glass,
                        Cans and Closures, we craft and produce
                        the glass bottles, aluminium cans, tabs and
                        ends, closures and caps that keep consumers’
                        favourite beverages safe for transportation



                                                                              41k
                        and consumption.

                        OPS North America
                        Orora Packaging Solutions (OPS) leads the
                        US market in custom packaging design and
                                                                              Shareholders
                        solutions, and supply chain optimisation. From
                        corrugate manufacturing to equipment and
                        automation, we create sustainable packaging
                        solutions to serve a range of sectors including


                                                                              22
                        food and beverage, industrial, warehouse and
                        shipping, healthcare and beauty, technology
                        and automotive, offering complementary
                        services in global product sourcing, testing,
                        printing and distribution.                            Manufacturing
                                                                              plants
                        Orora Visual North America
                        Orora Visual delivers cutting-edge visual and
                        product marketing solutions including Point-of-
                        Purchase (PoP) displays, promotional signage,
                        retail-ready and consumer packaging, and
                        labels and tags for packaging, horticulture
                        and retail customers across segments such
                        as food, beauty, home and apparel, hospitality
                        and entertainment. We provide design and
                                                                              77
                                                                              Distribution
                        creative services, print, finishing, fulfilment and
                        distribution plus a range of value-add services.      sites




                    ORORA LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022                                                                     1
               FY22 financial overview
               and highlights

               Our financial year 2022 results reflect the benefits of Orora’s diversified




For personal use only
               packaging assets, underpinned by strong pricing discipline and the continued
               execution of our strategy. We delivered strong earnings growth against the
               backdrop of a higher inflationary operating environment and supply chain
               disruptions.



               Financial overview[1]
               • Strong increase in both Group                        • Disciplined working capital
                   Earnings Before Interest and                          management, robust cash
                   Tax (EBIT) and Net Profit After                       generation and a strong
                   Tax (NPAT), up 14.6% and                              balance sheet supports further
                   19.4% respectively.                                   investment and growth.

               • Earnings Per Share (EPS)                             • Final ordinary dividend of
                   of 21.7 cps, representing                             8.5 cps (unfranked), taking the
                   growth of 28.2%.                                      full-year dividend to 16.5 cps,
                                                                         representing 76.2% of Group
               • North American EBIT up                                  NPAT [2] —­the top end of the
                   32.6% in local currency                               target payout range.
                   terms, on the back of revenue
                   growth and continued margin                        • $109.0 million of capital
                   improvement.                                          returned to shareholders with
                                                                         30.7 million shares acquired
               • Robust earnings performance                             via the on-market share
                   in Australasia supported by                           buyback announced in
                   growth in the Beverage Cans                           October 2021.
                   business.




               NOTE REGARDING NON-IFRS FINANCIAL INFORMATION: Throughout this report, certain non-IFRS financial information has been included. This information is
               presented to assist in making appropriate comparisons with prior periods and to assess the operating performance of the business. Orora use these measures
               to assess the performance of the business and believe that the information is useful to investors. The following non-IFRS measures have not been audited but
               have been extracted from Orora’s audited financial statements: Earnings Before Interest and Tax before significant items (EBIT); Earnings Before Interest, Tax,
               Depreciation and Amortisation before significant items (EBITDA); and Return on Average Funds Employed (RoAFE). Performance measures such as Earnings Per
               Share (EPS), RoAFE and EBIT margins have been calculated using the non-IFRS measures listed above. All other non-IFRS measures, unless otherwise stated,
               have not been extracted from Orora’s audited financial statements. The financial periods presented in this report represent underlying earnings from continuing
               operations of the Group excluding the impact of significant items.

               2                                                                                                                         ORORA LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                                                                                                Australasia (AUD million)


                                                                                                                $909.1m
                                      Group sales revenue
                                                                                                                        9.0%
                                 $4,090.8m




For personal use only
                                                                                                                North America (USD million)

                                                      15.6%                                                     $2,308.3m
                                                                                                                       14.3%




                                                                                                                 Australasia (AUD million)


                                                                                                                 $150.6m
                                                 Group EBIT                                                            0.2%
                                       $285.5m                                                                    North America (USD million)


                                                      14.6%                                                       $97.9m
                                                                                                                       32.6%



                                                         Net Profit After Tax                                                Underlying                        Dividend
                               RoAFE[2]                                                             EPS
                                                              (NPAT) [2]                                                 operating cash flow                   per share




                          22.4%                         $187.1m                            21.7cps                      $272.6m                          16.5cps


                              250bps                             19.4%                            28.2%                         10.8%                            17.9%




                    [1]		 Except as expressly defined in this Annual Report, $ refers to Australian dollars.
                    [2]		 The financial periods presented above represent underlying earnings from continuing operations of the Group excluding the impact of significant items.
                          FY21 excludes a significant item expense of $38.6 million recognised with respect to the decommissioning of the former Petrie mill site. Further details
                          can be found in the 2021 Annual Report.

                    ORORA LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022                                                                                                                                 3
              A message
              from the Chair




For personal use only
                                                                                           Results for the financial
                                                                                           year ended 30 June
                                                                                           2022 reflect disciplined
                                                                                           execution of strategy
                                                                                           and the Group’s robust and
                                                                                           defensive earnings profile.


               This year we continued                       While this is certainly a step towards          Despite changes in glass product mix to
                                                            ‘COVID-normal’, there is still much work to     lower margin categories and inflationary
               to build on the positive                     do with our customers and procurement           pressures related to freight, energy and
               momentum of the last few                     partners to ensure continuity of                material costs, robust earnings also
                                                            operations and quality of supply as we          continued in Australasia, with EBIT in line
               years. We made a number                      navigate the ongoing impacts on supply          with the prior year, up $0.3 million.
               of strategic investments                     chain and workforce availability.
                                                                                                            Net Profit After Tax (NPAT) before
               to further develop Orora’s                   Group financial performance                     significant items was $187.1 million,
                                                                                                            increasing 19.4% or 17.6% on a constant
               competitiveness and ensure                   I am pleased to report that the financial       currency basis from FY21. Statutory
               we are well positioned for                   results for year ended 30 June 2022             NPAT was $184.7 million.
                                                            continued to demonstrate Orora’s
               ongoing growth.                              diversified strength.                           Robust cash generation continued in
                                                                                                            FY22. Underlying operating cash flow
               While COVID-19 continued to add              Group revenue increased by 15.6% on             was $272.6 million, exceeding the prior
               complexity and challenge to our operating    the prior corresponding period (pcp) to         year by $26.6 million driven by earnings
               environment, we have maintained our          $4,090.8 million.                               growth and working capital management,
               clear commitment to the safety of                                                            partially offset by higher base capex.
                                                            In North America revenue was up 14.3% on        In FY22 cash conversion slightly
               our people and successfully managed          the prior year in US dollar terms, reflecting
               COVID-19 during FY22.                                                                        increased to 73.5% from 72.9% in FY21.
                                                            significant improvement in operating
               Additional safety measures were              performance with a year-on-year increase        Earnings Per Share (EPS) was 21.7 cents,
               introduced to protect our people,            achieved by both OPS and Orora Visual.          representing outstanding growth of
               mitigating the risk of transmission at our                                                   28.2%, driven by an increase in NPAT
                                                            In Australasia we increased revenue by          and the impact of our on-market share
               sites and maintaining the high safety        9.0% driven by higher aluminium costs
               and health standards set by Orora teams                                                      buyback.
                                                            passed through to customers, slight
               throughout the pandemic.                     growth in Cans and Glass volumes,               The Board has declared a final dividend
               Pleasingly, this enabled some site visits    partially offset by Glass product sales mix.    for the year of 8.5 cents, a 1.0 cent or
               to safely resume. In April, the Board                                                        13.3% increase on the pcp. Total dividends
                                                            Earnings Before Interest and Tax (EBIT)         declared for FY22 of 16.5 cents, represent
               met in California, USA, spending time        increased to $285.5 million up 14.6% on
               with both our team members and our                                                           a 2.5 cent or 17.9% increase on FY21 and a
                                                            the prior year and 12.7% on a constant          payout ratio of 76.2%.
               Executive leaders. Members of the Safety,    currency basis.
               Sustainability & Environment Committee
                                                                                                            The FY22 dividend will be unfranked,
               (SSEC) attended site tours to observe        Our ongoing focus on profit improvement,        due to near-term capital investment
               safety and sustainability initiatives        driven by operating efficiency and cost         programs and the tax benefits associated
               in action at OPS and Orora Visual in         to serve initiatives saw margins increase       with Australia’s instant asset write-off
               Fullerton, Orange County.                    80bps to 5.2% at OPS in North America.          legislation for capital expenditure, plus
                                                                                                            other timing differences.




               4                                                                                                      ORORA LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022
For personal use only
                        Creating value through                        At the end of FY22, Orora had committed         His extensive knowledge of the energy
                                                                      undrawn debt facilities of $372.4 million       sector will also be valuable to support
                        disciplined capital                           with an average committed debt maturity         Orora’s sustainability agenda.
                        management                                    of 2.4 years.
                                                                                                                      Jeremy Sutcliffe will retire from his role
                        Orora’s disciplined approach to capital
                        allocation remains focused on an
                                                                      Working towards a low                           as Independent Non-Executive Director
                                                                                                                      and Deputy Chair of the Orora Board on
                        appropriate balance between capital           carbon future                                   31 August 2022. I would like to personally
                        deployment and cash returns to                                                                thank Jeremy for his significant
                                                                      Orora are favourably positioned in
                        shareholders. This approach has driven                                                        contribution to the business during this
                                                                      sustainability, having made significant
                        strong shareholder returns to date and                                                        time and for helping steer Orora through
                                                                      progress on our goals over the past few
                        ensures the balance sheet retains the                                                         demerger to be the successful company
                                                                      years. In FY22 we outlined ‘Our Promise
                        flexibility to pursue organic and inorganic                                                   it is today.
                                                                      to the Future’ and redefined the pillars
                        investment opportunities.
                                                                      of our sustainability framework to
                        Australasia is a more capital-intensive       Circular Economy, Climate Change and            Outlook and
                        segment due to the greater number of          Community.                                      acknowledgements
                        manufacturing assets. The Beverage
                                                                      We continue to be a proven leader in the        Whilst difficult to predict in an uncertain
                        business is currently undertaking
                                                                      Circular Economy, taking great strides          global economic environment, positive
                        significant capex projects with delivery
                                                                      to increase recycled content in our             operating and earnings momentum is
                        ranging between FY23 and FY25.
                                                                      manufactured packaging and to ensure            expected to continue in FY23 despite
                        Orora will continue to invest in              it can be recycled. Putting Circular            ongoing headwinds and persistent
                        business improvement and growth               Economy at the heart of what we do              inflationary and energy cost pressures.
                        capex to support strong end-market            lays strong foundations to improve
                                                                      sustainability outcomes, minimising             We will continue to lay the foundations
                        customer demand such as capacity
                                                                      waste and pollution to reduce our               for sustainable growth, and capital
                        and line expansions in Cans. To drive
                                                                      greenhouse gas emissions.                       expenditure will remain elevated as we
                        sustainability we are targeting increased
                                                                                                                      invest in the capacity and capabilities
                        use of recycled content at our new
                                                                      As we elevated our sustainability focus,        to support customer demand, combined
                        ~$25.0 million cullet beneficiation
                                                                      we committed to achieving Net Zero              with a balanced focus on business
                        plant from FY23.
                                                                      Scope 1 and 2 greenhouse gas emissions          optimisation and growth.
                        Total capex is up $30.1 million this year     by 2050, with an interim goal of 40%
                                                                      reduction by 2035 (from a FY19 baseline).       My sincere thanks to the Orora Executive
                        to $87.2 million with growth capex up
                                                                                                                      and Leadership teams, and all Orora
                        $25.6 million to $50.8 million.
                                                                      As an energy-intensive manufacturer,            team members across the globe for their
                        In October 2021 we announced an               this is not an easy challenge. However,         dedication and contributions that led to
                        on-market share buyback [1], purchasing       transitioning to a low carbon future is         this year’s strong result. I would also like
                        30.7 million shares and returning a           a strategic driver for Orora as a leading       to thank our Orora shareholders for their
                        further $109.0 million to shareholders.       global packaging and visual solutions           ongoing support.
                        The buyback closed on 30 June 2022.           provider, and your Board is committed
                        RoAFE was 22.4% up from 19.9% in the          to the investment and action required to
                        pcp, reflecting higher North American         drive this outcome.
                        earnings, partially offset by higher
                        Australasian average working capital.         Board of Directors update
                        Leverage was 1.8 times EBITDA, up from        In April 2022 we welcomed Michael
                        1.5 times at 30 June 2021, and remains        Fraser to the Orora Board as a
                        below the Board’s long-term targeted          Non-Executive Director. Michael’s
                                                                      appointment follows a successful
                        level of 2.0 to 2.5 times. Leverage is
                                                                      30-year executive career at AGL                 ROB SINDEL
                        expected to increase in FY23 and FY24                                                         CHAIR
                        due to the growth capex program with          Energy, where he held various senior
                        earnings to flow in FY24.                     management positions including leading
                                                                      AGL as Managing Director and Chief
                        Net debt increased from FY21 by               Executive Officer.
                        $176.1 million to $629.0 million,
                        due to the on-market share buyback,           Michael’s wide-ranging skills as a
                        higher capex spend and the FX increase        public company CEO, combined with
                        on US dollar denominated borrowing,           his experience in finance and consumer
                        partially offset by higher earnings.          marketing, complement the diverse skills
                                                                      and experience of our Board.




                    [1]		 An Appendix 3C was released on 21 October 2021. The buyback commenced on 5 November 2021.

                    ORORA LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022                                                                                                                5
              A message from the
              Managing Director and CEO




For personal use only
                                                                                         Orora’s FY22 performance
                                                                                         was characterised by
                                                                                         strong          revenue growth
                                                                                         in North America and
                                                                                         continued          robust earnings
                                                                                         in Australasia.



               I would like to thank and                    Operating highlights —                        Operating highlights —
               recognise the entire Orora                   North America                                 Australasia
               team for their focused and                   Orora’s North American segment                Revenue in our Australasian Beverage
                                                            achieved a year-on-year sales revenue         business increased 9.0% in FY22,
               disciplined execution of our                 increase in FY22, with total revenue up       attributable to higher aluminium costs
               strategy this year, which has                14.3% to US$2,308.3 million.                  which we passed through to customers
                                                                                                          and slight volume growth in Cans and
               culminated in such a strong                  Local currency EBIT increased 32.6%           Glass, partially offset by changes to
                                                            on the prior year to US$97.9 million
               result.                                      driven by strong earnings growth in both
                                                                                                          product sales mix in our Glass business.

                                                            manufacturing and distribution, reflecting    EBIT was in line with forecast and
               Across the Group we achieved strong          continued business optimisation and           FY21, up $0.3 million to $150.6 million.
               earnings growth in FY22, with a 14.6%        active account profitability management.      Following significant Cans volume growth
               increase in EBIT and a 19.4% increase                                                      in FY21, Cans volumes have remained
               in NPAT from the prior year, supported       North American EBIT margins expanded          strong with a slight improvement in
               by sound pricing discipline to mitigate      50bps to 4.2%, with OPS margins               both growth and product mix. This was
               inflationary pressures.                      increasing by 80bps to 5.2%, a credit         partially offset by changes in Glass
                                                            to the team’s ongoing focus on sales          product sales mix as we successfully
               EPS increased 28.2% and shareholders         force alignment for profit improvement,       redeployed capacity impacted by Chinese
               will receive a full-year dividend of 16.5    operating efficiencies and cost to serve      wine tariffs to lower margin categories,
               cents, up 17.9% or 2.5 cents from FY21.      initiatives.                                  inflationary pressures and supply chain
               The continued positive sustainable           Inflation and wage cost increases             impacts at key customer sites. EBIT
               growth in earnings we have achieved,         continued throughout the second half          margin was down 140bps to 16.6%,
               despite rising costs and supply chain        with stringent cost and pricing discipline    largely due to aluminium costs passed
               challenges, again demonstrates the           in place to ensure impacts were passed        through to customers.
               benefits of Orora’s diversified portfolio    on to customers.                              Inflationary cost pressures experienced
               and the commitment within our
                                                            During the year we realised operational       in Australasia were well managed but
               businesses to deliver for our customers.
                                                            and financial benefits in OPS from            presented challenges to FY22 financial
               Orora is building a growing defensive        the integration of Pollock and Bronco         performance due to timing of contracted
               earnings profile, underpinned by the         operations into a single central              pass-through mechanisms.
               strong leadership positions we hold in       operating region.                             We continue to invest actively to drive
               attractive markets, the diversified nature
                                                            We continued our work on business             growth, with capital committed to a
               of our operations and our broad customer
                                                            model enhancements in OPS and Orora           number of key projects that expand
               base. Resilient consumer staples and
                                                            Visual to improve digital platforms and       capacity to support strong end-market
               industrial manufacturing categories
                                                            customer interaction, a focus that will       customer demand and sustainability
               represent our largest end-markets
                                                            continue into FY23 as we also look to         initiatives.
               and continue to provide Orora some
               safeguard from the economic volatility       refresh eCommerce platforms, extend
               and challenges brought about by the          our product and service offering, further
               pandemic.                                    broaden our customer base and expand
                                                            OPS custom packaging capabilities.




               6                                                                                                   ORORA LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022
For personal use only
                        Orora made $65.0 million in capex             Orora also plans to implement less             Driving innovation
                        investments in Australasia in FY22,           greenhouse gas intensive furnace
                        including $49.8 million of growth capex       technologies, such as the Australian-first     Innovation continues to be one of Orora’s
                        for our new Cans line and ends capacity       introduction of oxyfuel technology in the      core principles and enables us to unlock
                        expansions, and construction of the new       upgrade of our G3 furnace at Gawler in         growth. The pandemic has provided
                        cullet beneficiation plant, now complete      South Australia, and we will continue to       ample opportunity for unconventional
                        with commissioning underway. We               procure greenhouse gas free electricity.       thinking, to reflect on the impetus for
                        also announced a new ~$85.0 million           Our pathway beyond 2035 requires               innovation and the agility needed to grow
                        multi-size cans line at Revesby in            advances in technology and will develop        and stay competitive. It’s clear that
                        New South Wales, with construction            over time.                                     harnessing and empowering the talent,
                        to commence in FY23.                                                                         ideas and ingenuity present within Orora
                                                                      We continue to prioritise action for our       is more important than ever.
                        The coming year will see a continued          people and our communities, focused
                        focus on executing these investment           on protecting safety, health and human         In FY22 we gave innovation a renewed
                        initiatives, volume growth and product        rights, and championing diversity,             focus. In September 2021 we announced
                        mix optimisation, driving and enhancing       equity and inclusion. Simply put, we are       the Think Orange Fund, which represents
                        eCommerce capability and supply               stronger together with our many views,         a substantial investment to support ideas
                        chain excellence, and cost reduction          perspectives and experiences.                  that will make Orora a better business.
                        initiatives and active pass-through of                                                       Teams or individuals can submit ideas
                        cost increases to subdue the impacts of       The safety and health of our people            via a portal to be considered by the Think
                        inflationary pressures.                       remains of paramount importance.               Orange Review Group (TORG).
                                                                      Thankfully no serious injuries or fatalities
                        Our progress in sustainability                were recorded at Orora this year, however      Looking ahead
                                                                      there were some workplace injuries that
                        This year we worked towards our               could have been avoided and we have            Each Orora business has a clear set of
                        sustainability goals announced early          seen a slight increase in injury rates.        strategic priorities aligned to our group
                        in FY22, under the redefined pillars of                                                      strategy and collectively these position
                        Circular Economy, Climate Change and          Our Global Integrated Safety                   Orora to deliver shareholders consistent
                        Community.                                    Improvement Plan (GISIP) is progressing        above-market, long-term growth.
                                                                      as intended, focused on managing
                        We are committed to addressing climate        high risk activities and improving             We are well positioned to explore
                        change and achieving cpas: Net Zero           effectiveness of critical controls. I’m        strategic acquisitions in the near term
                        greenhouse gas emissions by 2050              confident that this focus, coupled with        with a strong balance sheet and positive
                        for Scope 1 and 2, and we are making          additional measures to improve our             operating and earnings momentum,
                        significant investments to support            response to COVID-19 and the ongoing           reflecting the resilience of the business in
                        this goal.                                    global adoption of our Stay Safe rules,        what is expected to be a challenging year
                                                                      already being embraced by our teams, will      of economic conditions.
                        We are currently working towards a            drive improvements over the coming year.
                        reduction goal of 40% by 2035, with a                                                        I am incredibly proud of what the Orora
                        well defined plan of targeted activity.                                                      team has achieved this financial year
                                                                      We are One Orora                               and I would like to thank the Board and
                        Our plan includes increasing the              While our Group and business strategies        my Executive team for their support and
                        use of recycled glass cullet as we            remain consistent, aligning our focus and      commitment. I also extend my thanks to
                        commission our new ~$25.0 million cullet      outlining what we will deliver, the way we     all Orora customers across the world for
                        beneficiation plant in early FY23 as a key    express who we are, what we do and how         their partnership and ongoing support.
                        priority under our Circular Economy pillar.   we do it, has evolved.
                        The advanced plant will enable us to          In June 2022 we shared One Orora across
                        significantly increase the recycled           our businesses. One Orora evolves and
                        content in our glass beverage packaging,      resets how we define what it means
                        along with cullet we continue to source       to be part of Orora today and captures
                        from Container Deposit Schemes.               the essence of who we are — it signifies
                        This motivation to increase our use of        the great diversity across our portfolio,
                        recycled content extends across Orora         what we have in common that unites us
                        with some great outcomes achieved                                                            BRIAN LOWE
                                                                      including our promise, our purpose and
                        in FY22 — an average of 57% recycled                                                         MANAGING DIRECTOR AND CEO
                                                                      identity, and the principles that guide us,
                        content in aluminium Beverage Cans,           all underpinned by the Orora values.
                        and 54% in the corrugated board
                        manufactured by OPS, with Orora Visual
                        making use of an innovative printable
                        fabric comprising 100% recycled
                        content.




                    ORORA LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022                                                                                                             7
               We are
               One Orora

               Orora has always been a                              One Orora evolves        Through One Orora, we recognise what




For personal use only
                                                                                             unites us across our business portfolio
               business defined by our team.
                                                                     and resets our          — our promise, our purpose and our drive


                                                                  shared definition
                                                                                             to deliver on our strategy — guided by
               Back in 2014 we began shaping what                                            our principles and always underpinned
               we believe, what we value and what we                                         by our values. We also celebrate what
               deliver — but how we express the essence
               of Orora, what we do and how we do it,
                                                                   and understanding         sets us apart and how we leverage these
                                                                                             differences as a source of strength — our
               has evolved over time.                               of what it means         identity and the unique nature of each
                                                                                             of our businesses, the diversity of our
               This year we reviewed the ways we’ve
               defined Orora since inception — to                  to be Orora today.        operations and our talented team.

               consolidate and take the best of who we                                       One Orora embeds our ambition into our
               are and our past into the future.                                             purpose, reflecting our desire to lead, and
                                                                                             our resolve to do and be better.
               One Orora is the outcome of this review.
               It’s a culmination of the artefacts that
               make up our DNA, originating from our
               team, our culture and our strategy.




                                                                                        To be a leading sustainable packaging solutions
                                                                                        provider, designing and delivering products and
                                                                                        services that enable our customers’ brands to thrive




                                                                                        We operate a portfolio of customer-focused
                                                                                        packaging businesses aligned by our common
                                                                                        purpose and unifying principles




                                                                                        Optimise          Enhance and       Enter new
                                                                                        to grow           expand            segments
                           Every day, across our businesses, we deliver
                         sustainable and innovative packaging and visual
                            solutions that lead the industry and bring
                                  our customers’ brands to life.                        Customer value-add              Innovation
                                                                                        Digitally-enabled               Operating excellence
                        Together we deliver on the promise of what’s inside.
                                                                                        Diverse talent                  Staying safe
                                                                                        End-to-end capabilities         Sustainability




               8                                                                                        ORORA LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                    Orora Group
                    strategy update

                    Orora’s steadfast pursuit of                 Orora’s strategic pillars                     Strong cash flows are expected to




For personal use only
                                                                                                               continue. They will be deployed via a
                    our strategy has resulted in                 1. Optimise to grow                           prudent combination of distributions to
                    substantive progress this year,                                                            shareholders (as dividends), strategic
                                                                 2. Enhance and expand                         investments and/or acquisitions to
                    as we continue to strengthen                                                               enhance Orora’s offering and deliver
                    our platform for growth.                     3. Enter new segments                         growth. Further ad hoc returns of capital,
                                                                                                               such as the recent on-market buyback,
                                                                 Established in FY20, the three core pillars   may be undertaken in the future as the
                    In FY22 we saw a number of operational       of Orora’s strategy are well embedded as      Board deems appropriate.
                    efficiency programs undertaken over          our basis for strategic planning, driving
                    the past two years generate positive         focused business activity across our          We continue to target end-market
                    business momentum in North America,          portfolio and enabling us to capitalise on    segments with appealing growth and
                    while we continued our investment            growth opportunities as they emerge.          financial return characteristics. Any
                    in Australasia to improve capacity                                                         growth initiatives are assessed as
                    and enhance the sustainability of our        We maintain our disciplined focus             part of our rigorous approach to capital
                    operations in the Beverage business.         on creating value for customers and           allocation to ensure only value-add
                                                                 shareholders and continue to leverage         investments that meet our stringent
                                                                 our Group’s core capabilities, refining       return criteria are pursued.
                                                                 and maximising the effectiveness of our
                                                                 businesses. Investment is supplemented        Our strategic principles
                                                                 by our ongoing focus on generating
                                                                 further operational efficiencies and is       Our three strategic pillars are supported
                                                                 supported by increasing innovation.           by our One Orora principles, which help
                                                                                                               ensure our business decisions, strategic
                                                                 The leadership positions held by Orora in     initiatives and everyday actions are
                                                                 attractive markets, the diversified nature    purposeful and focused on making real
                                                                 of our operations and our broad customer      progress towards delivering our strategy.
                                                                 base, underpin our growing and defensive
                                                                 earnings profile.                             As a fundamental tenet of how we
                                                                                                               operate at Orora, financial discipline
                                                                                                               has now been built into our principle of
                                                                                                               operating excellence.




                                                                  As the digital landscape becomes             exciting digital customer experience
                                                                  more sophisticated, so does the way          platform, and we continued to refine
                                                                  consumers browse and transact,               Orora Visual’s print procurement and
                                                                  and the way in which we fulfil those         campaign platform.
                                                                  transactions.
                                                                                                               This pivotal work on our digital
                                                                  Orora’s customers and suppliers are          channels and eCommerce platforms
                        Principle in focus                        increasingly looking to interact with        will further streamline and simplify
                                                                  us via digital platforms, and we are         processes, drive increased volumes
                        Digitally-enabled                         working on making it easier and more         and support lower costs.
                                                                  efficient for them to do business with
                        Digitally-enabled is one of our eight                                                  ECommerce will undoubtedly continue
                                                                  us, through continued investment and
                        Orora principles. We invest in digital                                                 to escalate as a global megatrend.
                                                                  focus on our digital capabilities.
                        capabilities to unlock sustainable                                                     All Orora businesses will continue to
                        advantage as a key enabler of our         FY22 has seen us progress our digital        pursue a range of initiatives to take
                        growth strategy.                          transformation, launching a new              advantage of these tailwinds as part
                                                                  website and inaugural eCommerce site         of our digital transformation journey.
                                                                  for Orora Beverage, and a refreshed          This will differentiate Orora across our
                                                                  website for Orora Visual. We also            markets, solidify our digital footprint
                                                                  renovated our corporate website to           and deliver our customers from the
                                                                  enhance user experience, security and        homepage to the shopfront.
                                                                  performance. In OPS, we launched an




                    ORORA LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022                                                                                                      9
               Orora Group
               strategy update




               Shareholder value blueprint                        The blueprint shows we will target a




For personal use only
                                                                  return that represents an appropriate
               Our three strategic pillars are also               premium to Orora’s weighted average
               fundamental to Orora’s blueprint for               cost of capital (WACC) based on the
               shareholder value creation, first                  risk assessed as associated with the
               released in FY20.                                  investment. This forms part of our
                                                                  balanced and disciplined approach to
               Our target, to achieve top quartile Total
                                                                  capital allocation, enabling us to make
               Shareholder Return (TSR) performance for
                                                                  appropriate investment decisions
               our shareholders, remains unchanged and
                                                                  across each pillar.
               we continue to pursue it by executing on
               our strategy.                                      To support strong end-market customer
                                                                  demand, Orora will continue to invest
               Orora’s TSR performance is driven
                                                                  in base and growth capex to generate
               by three key components, outlined in
                                                                  sustainable dividends and ultimately
               the blueprint. These include applying
                                                                  maximise shareholder returns.
               a returns-focused, risk-weighted
               investment approach (for capital projects          Ongoing financial discipline underpins
               and acquisitions) across each of our               the deployment of capital for any
               strategic pillars.                                 strategic initiatives.




                    TSR
                                    ORGANIC                                                                                            CAPITAL
              COMPONENT
                                    GROWTH                                      INVESTMENT                                           MANAGEMENT



              STRATEGIC
                                                                              Enhance               Enter new                     Disciplined approach
                 PILLAR
                                    Optimise to grow                         and expand             segments                      to capital allocation




              ELEMENT
                                                                                                                                            Potential
                          Australasia         North            Capital                      Acquisitions              Sustainable           additional         Sensible
                                             America         investment                                                dividend              capital           leverage
                                                                                                                                             returns

                          • GDP sales      • GDP sales      • Enhance digital    • Beverage         • Complementary • Payout ratio        • Assessed         • Target leverage
                           growth           growth           capabilities,        footprint          adjacencies —     of 60%—80%          when               at 2.0—2.5x
                          • Enhanced       • Supplemented    particularly         expansion in       near-term       • Franked to the      appropriate        EBITDA
                           by innovation    by market        in North             ANZ and            focus in ANZ      extent possible    • On- or            (excluding
                           and customer     share gains      America              offshore                                                 off-market         AASB 16)
                           wins             and increased   • Enhance            • Expand                                                  buybacks
                                            share of         sustainability,      aluminium and                                           • Special
                                            wallet           capacity and         glass product                                            dividends/
                                                             product              capability in                                            capital returns
                                                             capabilities         ANZ
                                                             across portfolio
                                                                                 • Expand product
                                                            • Customer-           and service
                                                             backed growth        capabilities in
                                                             projects             North America


                                RETURN TARGETS               Lower           Premium to WACC               Higher




               10                                                                                                                       ORORA LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                    Progress against strategic priorities




For personal use only
                    At Orora, each business has a clear set of strategic priorities aligned to our strategic pillars. Collectively these strengthen and
                    position Orora to deliver shareholders with consistent above-market, long-term growth. In FY22 solid progress was achieved across
                    a number of our priorities.



                                               Optimise                  Enhance                        Enter new                       FY22
                                               to grow                  and expand                      segments                      progress


                        AUSTRALASIA     • Increase utilisation/    • Build capacity to            • Expand current           • Construction commenced for
                        — Beverage        shifts to enhance         meet increased Cans            substrates into new        installation of new Beverage
                                          production volumes        customer demand                categories                 Cans line at Dandenong,
                                        • Continue i4.0 and        • Grow share of wallet in      • Explore potential         Victoria and expansion of can
                                          Integrated Work System    current markets                ANZ adjacencies            ends multi-size capacity at
                                          deployment                                                                          Ballarat, Victoria
                                                                   • Continue developments        • Explore potential
                                        • Drive supply chain        in light-weighting             offshore entry points     • Announced plans to construct
                                          excellence                                               (Asia, North America)      a new multi-size can line at
                                                                   • Drive further                                            Revesby, New South Wales,
                                        • Pursue further            development of digital                                    expected to come online
                                          automation                printing capabilities                                     in FY25
                                        • Drive increased          • Enhance eCommerce                                       • Construction of cullet
                                          recycled content          capability                                                beneficiation plant at Gawler,
                                                                                                                              South Australia to help drive
                                                                                                                              increased recycled content
                                                                                                                              in glass bottles is now
                                                                                                                              complete with commissioning
                                                                                                                              underway
                                                                                                                             • New glass products launched
                                                                                                                              for the ANZ market (spirits,
                                                                                                                              olive oil)
                                                                                                                             • Will welcome a government
                                                                                                                              grant to progress Australian-
                                                                                                                              first upgrade of our G3
                                                                                                                              furnace to oxyfuel technology
                                                                                                                              at Gawler
                                                                                                                             • Continued assessment of
                                                                                                                              M&A opportunities in ANZ
                                                                                                                              adjacencies and offshore
                                                                                                                              expansion




                        NORTH AMERICA • Drive account              • Digitisation of business     • Extend product and       • Continued material
                        — OPS           profitability               model (including               service offering           improvement in financial
                                        • Enhance sales force       refreshed eCommerce           • Consider scale            performance and operating
                                          effectiveness             platform)                      expansion opportunities    discipline, with corresponding
                                                                   • Expand custom                 (including M&A)            lift in EBIT margin
                                        • Integration of
                                          previous M&A              packaging capabilities                                   • Significant development work
                                                                   • Assess manufacturing                                     on ongoing business model
                                                                    footprint expansion                                       enhancement
                                                                    opportunities



                        NORTH AMERICA • Refine core business       • Consolidate digital client                              • Strategic review completed
                        — Orora Visual  processes                   platforms                                                 during FY22
                                        • Harmonise estimation     • Extend positions in                                     • Critical business model
                                          procedures                fabric printing and                                       enhancements introduced,
                                        • Enhance sales force       horticulture                                              including improved digital and
                                          effectiveness                                                                       customer interaction


                    ORORA LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022                                                                                                         11
               Our Promise
               to the Future




For personal use only
              At Orora we care about making    Our sustainability approach                   our obligations as a signatory to the
                                                                                             United Nations Global Compact (UNGC),
              a difference. As a leading       Since Orora’s inception, sustainability has   but our program now represents a
                                               been integral to our journey. In FY21 we
              packaging and visual solutions   conducted a comprehensive review of our
                                                                                             broader and more aspirational approach
                                                                                             to sustainability, more closely aligned
              provider, sustainability is      sustainability approach and objectives,       with the expectations of our people,
                                               informed by an assessment of our risks
              Our Promise to the Future.       and opportunities. Using these insights,
                                                                                             customers, investors, regulators and the
                                                                                             communities in which we operate.
                                               we redefined the pillars that form our
                                               sustainability program to Circular            Our diversified portfolio sees us
                                               Economy, Climate Change and Community         take a broad approach to managing
                                               and set new goals in FY22.                    sustainability risk and maximising
                                                                                             opportunities. We work across a wide
                                               Many of the activities that underpin          range of focus areas, with some being
                                               our pillars have been part of our way         location or business specific.
                                               of operating for many years, driven by




                                                                                             Circular Economy
                                                                                             • Recycled content
                                                                                             • Recyclable packaging
                                                                                             • Recyclable substrates
                                                                                             • Certification


                                                                                             Climate Change
                                                                                             • GHG reduction
                                                                                             • Energy efficiency
                                                                                             • Renewable energy
                                                                                             • Climate risk analysis



                                                                                             Community
                                                                                             • Safety and health
                                                                                             • Diversity, equity & inclusion
                                                                                             • Human rights and supply
                                                                                               chain
                                                                                             • Responsible sourcing




               12                                                                                     ORORA LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                    Our performance
                    highlights
                              Circular Economy                           Climate Change                             Community




For personal use only
                    Our Promise

                        60% recycled content*                     Net Zero emissions by                      Prioritising action for
                        for Orora glass beverage                  2050. 40% reduction                        our people and our
                        containers by 2025.                       in emissions by 2035.                      community.
                        This target exceeds the 2025              Orora are committed to achieving Net       We’re focused on initiatives
                        50% recycled content target for           Zero greenhouse gas emissions by           that benefit our teams and our
                        glass packaging supported by the          2050 for Scope 1 and 2 and achieving       communities through:
                        Australian Packaging Covenant             a 40% reduction in greenhouse gas
                        organisation.                             emissions by 2035 for Scope 1 and 2        • Protecting safety, health and
                                                                  from FY19.                                    human rights
                                                                                                             • Championing diversity, equity
                                                                  Our pathway between 2035 and                  and inclusion.
                                                                  2050 will be developed over time and
                        *pre and post-consumer                    will require advances in technology.


                    Our FY22 progress

                          We set our goal of achieving 60%          Announced a further significant            Launched Stay Safe rules globally
                          recycled glass content (cullet) by        investment to be made in                   to help our team make better
                          2025, which exceeds the target for        Australasia with the support of a          decisions about working safely.
                          glass packaging supported by the          $12.5 million government grant
                                                                                                               Conducted a global Assurance Audit
                          Australian Packaging Covenant.            to help rebuild our G3 furnace
                                                                                                               to establish a baseline for safety
                                                                    using oxyfuel technology. The G3
                          Achieved 38% recycled content                                                        systems and processes.
                                                                    furnace will move into the top
                          in Glass this year, an increase           10% of energy efficient furnaces           Continued progressing our Serious
                          on the 31% achieved in the prior          worldwide and Orora will deliver a         Injuries or Fatalities (SIF) Prevention
                          corresponding period.                     step change reduction in fossil fuel       program.
                          Construction of our ~$25.0 million        use, and reduce nitrogen oxide and
                                                                    carbon dioxide emissions.                  Implemented our safety incident
                          Gawler cullet beneficiation plant                                                    investigation training program to
                          is complete with commissioning            Total Scope 1 and 2 greenhouse             set a new standard for incident
                          underway. The plant will                  gas emissions decreased by 4.11%           investigation.
                          significantly increase the recycled       (utilising market-based factors for
                          content in our glass packaging,                                                      The Diversity, Equity & Inclusion
                                                                    Scope 2) and by 8.33% (utilising
                          avoid more cullet going to landfill,                                                 (DE&I) Council in North America
                                                                    location-based factors for Scope 2)
                          reduce our need to use virgin                                                        received Orora’s highest recognition
                                                                    from the FY19 baseline year*.
                          materials in production and reduce                                                   Hero award for their initiatives
                          our greenhouse has emissions.             Ongoing implementation of                  creating awareness around DE&I
                                                                    renewable energy initiatives as            described in this Annual Report.
                                                                    part of procuring greenhouse               Our Orora culture shaping
                                                                    gas-free electricity for Orora             workshops were launched as we
                                                                    globally.                                  aim to move our culture from ‘good’
                                                                    Procuring warehouse-based                  to ‘great’.
                                                                    Electric Vehicles as leases arise for      Orora’s Women in Leadership
                                                                    renewal in OPS.                            Program (WILO) continued in FY22,
                                                                                                               now in its sixth year.
                                                                                                               Unconscious Bias training was
                                                                                                               conducted for all senior leaders in
                                                                                                               North America.
                                                                    *As per the Greenhouse Gas Protocol
                                                                    Scope 2 guidance.
                                                                                                               Submitted our second Modern
                                                                                                               Slavery Statement (FY21).


                    We’re a proven leader in the                 We’re committed to                         We’re working to enrich
                    circular economy                             addressing climate change                  our communities

                    ORORA LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022                                                                                                 13
               Circular                Laying the foundations




For personal use only
                                                                                        Recycled content (cullet %) progress
                                       for strong sustainability                        in manufactured glass products

               Economy                 outcomes
                                       The circular economy seeks to maximise
                                       the life of resources by recycling them. At
                                                                                        Target: 60% recycled content



                                       Orora we work towards our manufactured
                                       packaging and visual solutions products
               Our participation in    containing as much recycled content as
                                       possible.
               the circular economy                                                                                    38%
                                       This means innovating to increase the
               is about examining      waste glass, known as cullet, used in our
                                                                                                          31%

               and implementing        bottles, emphasising recycled content in            25%
                                       our cans and finding new ways to ensure
               ways to maximise        our visual solutions are produced from
               the recycled content    recycled materials.

               of our products to      This year we again increased our use
                                       of recycled glass cullet derived from               FY20           FY21         FY22
               ensure they can be      state government Container Deposit
               continually recycled,   Schemes (CDS) in Australia. Since FY21
                                       we’ve imported recycled glass cullet           by avoiding cullet going to landfill and
               to minimise waste and   from Western Australia’s CDS to use in         reducing the need for virgin material to be
                                       our furnaces and manufacture new glass
               pollution and reduce    beverage containers. This initiative, along
                                                                                      used in production.

               greenhouse gas          with ongoing glass cullet use from other       In Beverage Cans we worked to
                                       State schemes, has further increased the       emphasise the recycled content of
               emissions.              recycled content [1] of the glass containers   aluminium coils and flat sheets, achieving
                                       we produce to an average of 38% in FY22        an average of 57% recycled content, a
                                       contributing to our target of reaching         reduction on FY21 due to a constrained
                                       60% recycled content by 2025.                  international aluminium market. We also
                                                                                      achieved further light-weighting of can
                                       Orora will continue to use approximately       bodies and ends, reducing waste and
                                       80% of the recycled glass cullet derived       greenhouse gas emissions.
                                       from the South Australian CDS plus
                                       the vast majority from the Western             In North America, Orora Visual continued
                                       Australian CDS. We continue to pursue          to increase utilisation of an eco-friendly
                                       ways to maximise recycled glass cullet         printable fabric comprising 100%
                                       use through interstate sourcing, working       recycled content, converted from
                                       with our customers and CDS partners.           recycled PET bottles, reducing waste to
                                                                                      landfill by taking used plastic out of our
                                       Orora has made a significant                   ecosystem and minimising use of new
                                       ~$25.0 million investment in our new           raw materials. The revolutionary process
                                       cullet beneficiation plant at Gawler in        grinds plastic into ultra-fine particles,
                                       South Australia (supported by an               which are turned into polyester yarn and
                                       $8.0 million grant from the                    woven into fabric rolls used to print a
                                       Commonwealth and South Australian              range of visual marketing graphics, from
                                       governments through the Recycling              light-weight sheers to heavier Point-of-
                                       Modernisation Fund), which will be             Purchase (PoP) displays.
                                       a powerful contributor to increasing
                                       recycled content in our glass packaging,




                                       Our significant investment at Gawler
                                       is matched by our drive to increase the
                                       recycled content   of the packaging we produce.


                                       [1] Pre and post-consumer.


               14                                                                                 ORORA LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                    Our        Promise to the Future




For personal use only
                        Partnering with our customer AT&T, the       So, when you enjoy a drink from one of our
                        Orora Visual team also recently ran a        aluminium cans and put it in the recycling
                        campaign that returns the fabric from        bin, it can be back in your hands as a new
                        AT&T retail outlets to prevent it going      can in 180 days.
                        to landfill.
                                                                     All our primary manufactured substrates
                        At OPS we averaged 54% recycled              are recyclable, and we continue to work
                        content in the manufacture of our            on increasing the sustainability of our
                        corrugated board and continue to pursue      packaging substrates with a focus on
                        new opportunities to utilise and maximise    fit-for-purpose applications and reducing
                        recycled content.                            waste of end products.

                        Building resource recovery                   In OPS we have developed a fully
                                                                     recyclable curbside cooler box made from
                        into design                                  corrugated fibre boxes with corn starch-
                        We place a strong emphasis on ensuring       based insulation pads as an alternative
                        our manufactured packaging is                to cooler boxes made from expanded
                        recyclable, pro-actively building resource   polystyrene.
                        recovery into our packaging design.
                                                                     In November 2021 our teams celebrated
                        Many of our products are made to be          National Recycling Week in Australia
                        infinitely recyclable, which means they      and America Recycles Day, affirming our
                        can be transformed and re-created,           commitment to large-scale recycling and
                        time and time again. For example, the        the ways we can contribute to recycling
                        aluminium we use to create cans is           as individuals.
                        infinitely recyclable and our scrap
                        aluminum is returned to manufacturers
                        for recycling — in fact, 75% of aluminum
                        produced globally is still in use today.




                                                                                                  Glass beneficiation plant
                                                                                                  to drive advances in
                                                                                                  Circular Economy
                                                                                                  Our advanced glass beneficiation plant being
                                                                                                  built at Gawler, South Australia will be fully
                                                                                                  commissioned in early FY23.

                                                                                                  Representing a significant investment of
                                                                                                  $25 million, supported by $8 million secured
                                                                                                  as a grant from the Commonwealth and
                                                                                                  South Australian governments through the
                                                                                                  Recycling Modernisation Fund, the new plant
                                                                                                  will significantly increase the recycled content
                                                                                                  in Orora glass beverage packaging and progress
                                                                                                  us towards our Circular Economy sustainability
                                                                                                  goals.

                                                                                                  This state-of-the-art facility will have the
                                                                                                  annual capacity to process up to 150,000
                                                                                                  tonnes of cullet.

                                                                                                  Utilising more cullet will also assist Orora
                                                                                                  to achieve our Climate Change goals, as we
                                                                                                  leverage the benefits of energy and greenhouse
                                                                                                  gas reductions.




                    ORORA LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022                                                                                                 15
               Climate                 Addressing risks presented                            recognising our obligations under




For personal use only
                                                                                             Principle 7 of the UNGC, which requires
                                       by climate change                                     businesses to support a precautionary

               Change                  At Orora, we continually re-examine
                                       the sustainability landscape to identify
                                       current and emerging physical and
                                                                                             approach to environmental challenges.

                                                                                             It also reflects our ongoing commitment
                                                                                             to assessing and measuring our exposure
                                       transition risks and opportunities.
                                                                                             to material risks in accordance with the
                                       This determines how we best approach                  ASX Corporate Governance Council’s
               We are addressing       those material risks and opportunities as             Recommendation 7.4 [1] and other
               the risk of climate     part of our climate change strategy.                  regulatory expectations.

               change by reducing      In FY22 we concluded the review and                   Making meaningful
                                       implementation of findings from the
               gross greenhouse gas    Financial Stability Board’s Task Force on
                                                                                             investments to reduce our
               emissions across our    Climate-related Financial Disclosures                 environmental impact
                                       (TCFD) recommendations with the support               Reducing greenhouse gas emissions
               business and making     of independent external consultants.                  across our business has always been
               smart and renewable     The TCFD analysis, which explored the
                                       impact of climate change on Orora under
                                                                                             core to our sustainability approach. We
                                                                                             are prioritising investment in technology
               choices on energy use   different scenarios, did not identify any             and process to reduce our gross/absolute
                                       material risks to Orora and confirmed that
               to minimise waste.      our climate change strategy is currently
                                                                                             greenhouse gas emissions.
                                       fit-for-purpose and supports Orora’s long-            The refresh of our sustainability program
                                       term sustainable growth. Outcomes of                  has elevated this focus as we work
                                       this analysis, including actions we have              towards achieving Net Zero Scope 1 and 2
                                       taken to address or capitalise on identified          emissions by 2050 and a 40% reduction
                                       climate-related risks and opportunities,              in these emissions by 2035, both from a
                                       will be made publicly available on Orora’s            FY19 baseline. We will achieve this through
                                       website.                                              a combination of applying new technology,
                                                                                             utilising higher recycled content in our
                                       Our work towards gross/absolute                       manufactured products and deploying
                                       greenhouse gas emissions reduction over               renewable electricity sources.
                                       the past seven years and our ongoing
                                       efforts to develop our understanding of               When we innovate to increase and
                                       the potential impacts of climate change               maximise the recycled content in our
                                       on our operations and investments,                    bottles and cans, contributing to the
                                       reinforce our commitment to minimising                circular economy, we not only create less
                                       Orora’s impact on climate change and                  waste, but we also reduce greenhouse
                                                                                             gas emissions.


                                             GHG reduction progress*:                               GHG reduction progress*:
                                             Locaton-based factors                  8.33%           Market-based factors                   4.11%

                                                         383
                                                                 349        362       351
                                                                                                                445
                                                                                                                         411      427       427
                                                         117     104        109       101




                                        Ktonnes CO₂e
                                                                                                                180      166      174       178



                                                                                               Ktonnes CO₂e
                                                         266     245        253       249

                                                                                                                266      245      253       249


                                                        FY19     FY20       FY21     FY22
                                                                                                               FY19     FY20      FY21     FY22
                                                       Scope 1   Scope 2       GHG Total
                                                                 Location                                     Scope 1   Scope 2      GHG Total
                                                                                                                        Market

                                        *from FY19 baseline to FY22                                  *from FY19 baseline to FY22

                                       [1]		 Recommendation 7.4: A listed entity should disclose whether it has any material exposure to
                                             economic, environmental, and social sustainability risks and, if it does, how it manages or intends
                                             to manage those risks. Source: Corporate Governance Principles and Recommendations, Australian
                                             Securities Exchange Corporate Governance Council (4th edition), 2019.


               16                                                                                                  ORORA LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                    Our     Promise to the Future                                                                     Performance against
                                                                                                                      Eco Targets

                                                                                                                                CO₂e Emissions
                                                                                                                      Target: 5% reduction in emissions
                                                                                                                      ratio intensity

                    Orora remains on track to achieve a




For personal use only
                                                                                                                      CO₂e intensity: Production


                    40% reduction
                                                                                                                                                                                  6.3%
                                                                                                                           0.425

                                    in greenhouse gas                                                                                           0.400
                                                                                                                                                                     0.398

                                                                                                                           322.2                336.4                328.3
                    emissions for Scope 1 and 2 by 2035.                                                                   FY20                 FY21                 FY22
                                                                                                                         CO₂e absolute (kt)                CO₂e intensity

                    In May 2022 we committed to further                  We are also making smart use of
                    investment in the Beverage business to               renewable energy sources by finding          CO₂e intensity: Distribution
                    progress an Australian-first upgrade of              alternate ways to purchase, produce and                                                                  13.6%
                                                                                                                           0.0786               0.0778
                    our G3 furnace to oxyfuel technology at              use electricity.                                                                            0.0679
                    our Gawler glass manufacturing plant in                                                                25.8                  25.5                22.3
                    South Australia.                                     Our long-term power purchase
                                                                                                                           FY20                  FY21                FY22
                                                                         agreements with renewable energy
                                                                                                                         CO₂e absolute (kt)                CO₂e intensity
                    To support Orora’s ~$40 million investment           providers continue to supply wind-
                    in building our new oxygen plant, we                 generated electricity to Beverage
                    will welcome a Federal Government                    operations on Australia’s east coast,
                    grant of $12.5 million under the Modern              and secure renewable energy supply for
                    Manufacturing Initiative — Manufacturing             volumes equivalent to approximately                   Waste to Landfill
                    Translation Stream of the Recycling and              80% of our total electricity requirements
                    Clean Energy program to accelerate                   in Australia.                                Target: 5% reduction in waste to landfill
                    development and commercialisation of                                                              ratio intensity
                    low emissions technologies.                          We have operational solar systems
                                                                                                                      Waste to landfill intensity: Production                     11.9%
                                                                         installed at our sites in New Jersey, USA,
                    The upgrade will move the G3 furnace into            and Gawler, Dudley Park, Ballarat and            0.0039
                                                                                                                                                0.0034               0.0035
                    the top 10% of energy efficient furnaces             Rocklea in Australia and will investigate
                    worldwide and deliver a step-change                  further installations.                            2,987                2,814                2,842
                    reduction in fossil fuel use plus reductions                                                           FY20                 FY21                 FY22
                    in nitrogen oxide and carbon dioxide                 We continue to explore further                  Waste to landfill absolute (t)       Waste to landfill
                                                                                                                                                              intensity
                    emissions, providing our customers and               transitioning to lower emissions
                    end-consumers with a sustainable option.             furnace technology, working with global
                                                                                                                      Waste to landfill intensity: Distribution
                                                                         technical partners and local industry
                                                                                                                          0.0326                                                  5.0%
                    Since FY19 Orora has reduced emissions               groups with common goals, including the
                                                                                                                                                                      0.031
                    by 8.33% (location-based factors Scope 1             South Australian hub-to-hub Hydrogen                                   0.0316
                    and 2) and 4.11% (location-based factors             Technology Cluster, which is evaluating           9,188                8,890                8,711
                    Scope 1 and market-based factors Scope 2),           development of a hydrogen industry                FY20                 FY21                 FY22

                    as demonstrated in the graph[2].                     in Australia.                                   Waste to landfill absolute (t)       Waste to landfill
                                                                                                                                                              intensity

                    During FY23 Orora will examine Scope                 Eco Targets drive focused
                    3 emissions and the potential to set
                    targets which aim to reduce them, in                 improvements
                    collaboration with our customers and                 In FY22 we worked towards achieving our
                                                                                                                                Water Use
                    supply chain partners.                               Eco Targets for the second year, which
                                                                         focused on reducing CO2 emissions,           Target: 5% reduction in water use
                    Energy efficiency and smart                          waste to landfill and water use over         ratio intensity
                    use of energy sources                                a five-year period through to 30 June
                                                                                                                      Water intensity: Production                     0.791       6.3%
                                                                         2024. Since the FY20 base year we have
                    contribute to decarbonisation                        made strong progress towards our FY24             0.744                0.729
                    We are committed to driving energy                   goals, except for the water Eco Target
                    efficiency in our daily operations, working          for the distribution business. Initiatives       564,329              609,127              648,134
                    closely with our teams to identify                   have already commenced to address                 FY20                 FY21                 FY22
                    opportunities to improve resource                    this concern, caused by increased water         Water absolute (kL)               Water intensity
                    efficiency.                                          consumption in North America.
                                                                                                                      Water intensity: Distribution                               0.1%
                    In FY22 we focused on efficiency in gas              Water use will be reduced further through
                    and electricity use to further reduce our            an innovative program sponsored by our            7.746                                      7.740
                                                                                                                                                 7.729
                    greenhouse gas emissions. In Beverage                Think Orange Innovation Fund. The project
                    Closures we continued to reduce gas                  will migrate Orora Visual’s lithography         1,640,248             1,631,535           1,633,880
                    usage and installed new lighting and                 operations to a revolutionary water and            FY20                  FY21                FY22
                    air conditioning upgrades to drive                   chemistry-free plate making process             Water absolute (kL)               Water intensity
                    down electricity use, while we made                  delivering significant production and
                    productivity improvements in Beverage                sustainability benefits.                     Measured as ratios against metrics
                    Cans to reduce energy consumption                                                                 that reflect the primary activities of
                                                                                                                      our businesses, Eco Targets are divided
                    and installed power and air meters to
                                                                                                                      into metrics for production of packaging
                    measure usage.                                                                                    (measured against tonnes produced), and
                                                                                                                      distribution of packaging (measured against
                    [2]		 As per the Greenhouse Gas Protocol Scope 2 guidance.                                        floor space square metres).

                    ORORA LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022                                                                                                                              17
               Community                The safety, health and wellbeing




For personal use only
                                        of our people will always be of                         Orora Group safety performance[2]

                                        paramount importance.
                                                                                                                    8.1
                                        Our Safety & Health framework, which
               We are enriching the     aligns with applicable international                            6.8                     7.1         6.8
                                                                                                                                                        7.2

               lives of our teams       safety standards[1] provides a strong
                                        foundation to ensure we operate safely
               and our communities      and to benchmark and improve our safety
               by protecting            performance.
                                                                                                                                                  2.5
               safety, health and       Now in its third year, Orora’s Global                     1.8
                                                                                                              2.3
                                                                                                                          1.7         2.0
                                        Integrated Safety Improvement Plan
               human rights, and        (GISIP) is progressing as intended,
                                                                                                   FY18         FY19       FY20        FY21        FY22
               championing diversity,   focused on managing high risk activities
                                        and improving effectiveness of critical
               equity and inclusion.    controls, through several initiatives
                                                                                                        Lost Time Injury Frequency Rate (LTIFR)
                                                                                                        Recordable Case Frequency Rate (RCFR)
                                        undertaken in FY22.

                                        In FY22 we completed an internal
                                        assurance audit against our Safety &
                                        Health framework, to educate teams,                   On balance, our Lost Time Injury
                                        establish a baseline for safety systems               Frequency Rate (LTIFR) and our
                                        and processes across Orora globally, and              Recordable Case Frequency Rate (RCFR)
                                        identify and manage safety and health                 reflect a similar trend or a small increase
                                        risks and opportunities as part of an                 compared with FY21, and this was
                                        ongoing assurance program.                            somewhat more evident in North America.
                                        We also continued to develop and                      Thankfully no Serious Injuries or Fatalities
                                        implement our high-risk safety                        (SIFs) were recorded. Some potential
                                        procedures including energy isolation/                SIFs were brought to our attention
                                        LOTO, traffic management and incident                 and refinements to the SIF Prevention
                                        reporting and investigation. ICAM                     program were progressed during the year.
                                        incident investigation training was held
                                        for our Safety & Health team to set a new             In FY23 we will continue to evolve and
                                        standard in incident investigation and                embed all elements of the GISIP into
                                        establish the root cause of incidents.                Orora’s Safety & Health strategy. We are
                                                                                              focused on continuing to improve the
                                        We proudly introduced the Orora Stay                  quality of reporting and investigation
                                        Safe rules this year. Our Stay Safe rules             through training, setting procedure and
                                        target 10 high-risk activities that have              minimum standard expectations, and risk
                                        the potential to cause the greatest harm              awareness. Our Stay Safe rules will be
                                        to our people. They are specific to the               implemented across all Orora operations
                                        risks we know are present in the work we              in FY23, through focused communication
                                        do and how we need to manage them.                    and education sessions on the
                                                                                              requirements for each individual rule.
                                        The Stay Safe rules reinforce that we
                                        empower our team members to STOP                      Throughout FY23 we will also further
                                        WORK if they feel unsafe and to TAKE 5                progress our SIF prevention program
                                        before starting work to ensure pre-work               — with the global rollout of our hazard
                                        checks and safe practices are in place.               identification and risk management
                                                                                              procedure and aligned risk assessment
                                        While we did not achieve our desired                  process, and the development of Critical
                                        improvement in the number of injuries at              Control checklists.
                                        Orora this year, we did achieve continuous
                                        improvement in incident reporting
                                        through increased rigour in governance
                                        processes and driving greater awareness
                                        of requirements.


                                        [1]		 ISO 45001:2018.
                                        [2]		 Orora’s injury rates are measured using two key metrics, Recordable Case Frequency Rate (RCFR) and
                                              the Lost Time Injury Frequency Rate (LTIFR). LTIFR is measured by dividing the total number of Lost
                                              Time Injuries in a 12-month period by the total number of hours worked in the same 12-month period,
                                              then multiplying by 1,000,000. RCFR is measured by dividing the total number of Recordable Case
                                              Injuries (Lost Time Injury, Restricted Work Case & Medical Treatment Injury) in a 12-month period by
                                              the total number of hours worked in the same 12-month period, then multiplying by 1,000,000.

               18                                                                                             ORORA LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                    Our     Promise to the Future




For personal use only
                    Continuing to mitigate the risk of COVID-19     In FY22 they included:                         This program will foster culturally-aligned
                    Operating during COVID-19 has continued                                                        leadership language, approaches and
                    to add complexity and challenge to our
                                                                    • R U OK Day in September 2021 as a            ways of thinking as we work to create an
                                                                       reminder to regularly check in with         environment where our team members
                    operating environment.                             colleagues, friends and family. This        can continue to thrive.
                    We introduced additional safety and                year our Australasian team focused on
                    health measures to continually improve             asking ‘R U OK?’ as part of every day.      A global engagement survey will also be
                    our response, targeted at mitigating the        • Mental health awareness was                  undertaken in FY23.
                    risk of transmission into and at Orora’s           propelled forward by the DE&I Council
                    sites. These measures included:                    throughout North America and more           Diversity as a powerful source
                                                                       widely through the Mental Health            of competitive advantage
                    • Vaccination incentive programs                   Community group on Orora’s internal
                        across North America and Australasia,          social network.                             We are creating vibrant Orora workplaces
                        to encourage vaccination through                                                           that reflect the richness of the
                        raffle prizes, meal vouchers and            • Put Yourself First is an Orora               communities in which we operate.
                                                                       Beverage health and wellbeing
                        charity donations, in compliance with
                                                                       program developed by our people             We see diversity as a powerful source
                        applicable laws.
                                                                       and run by passionate volunteer site        of competitive advantage, driving
                    • Innovative wearable devices to ensure            ambassadors. Activities throughout          better decision making, innovation and
                        that people maintain a 1.5 metre social        the year covered health, finance,           growth. With a strong focus on equity
                        distance while working onsite and give         wellbeing, community and mental             and inclusion we’re creating workplaces
                        Orora the ability to rapidly quarantine        health.                                     where team members from different
                        people if there is a workplace                                                             backgrounds, with different ways of
                        exposure.                                   Our Orora culture program                      thinking and abilities, can bring their
                    • Rapid Antigen Testing for self-testing                                                       best selves to work and collaborate with
                        on arrival at Orora’s Australasian sites.   Throughout FY22 all Orora senior leaders       respect and openness.
                                                                    attended Our Orora culture shaping
                    • Risk-based assessment tools                   workshops, a global program supported          Throughout the year we continued our
                        developed to account for factors such       by specialised external consultants.           focus on Diversity, Equity & Inclusion
                        as vaccination rates, case numbers                                                         (DE&I) activities in accordance with our
                        and local regulations, to assess when       The effectiveness of these workshops           Diversity, Equity & Inclusion Policy and
                        to ease or tighten COVID control            is assessed by culture impact surveys          measurable objectives approved by the
                        measures at Orora workplaces. The           before and two months after each               Board. In FY22 females represented
                        tools play a key role in determining        workshop to determine how our leaders          37% of all external new hires exceeding
                        when and how to allow team members          are embedding key learnings. A follow-up       our 30% target, with an increase of
                        to return to Orora workplaces.              check will be undertaken one year after        5% on FY21.
                                                                    the workshops.
                    Caring for team wellbeing                                                                      Refer to our Corporate Governance
                    Our FY22 health and wellbeing initiatives       As we aim to move our culture from ‘good’      Statement for information on our
                    demonstrate our ongoing commitment              to ‘great’, our leaders will share workshop    diversity measurable objectives and
                    to taking a holistic approach to individual     learnings with their teams via culture         gender statistics.
                    wellbeing — encompassing emotional,             conversations in early FY23.
                    physical, social and financial aspects.




                                                                                                                  Stay Safe rules are
                                                                                                                  designed to help
                                                                                                                  our team make
                                                                                                                  better decisions
                                                                                                                  about working
                                                                                                                  safely.



                    ORORA LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022                                                                                                       19
               Community




                                                                   Our culture at Orora is founded on being
                                                                   courageous and innovative,     on saying what




For personal use only
                                                                   we mean and standing by our word. This starts
                                                                   with our leaders.

                                                                   Women in Leadership at Orora                        to address those risks and priorities for
                                                                   Now in its sixth year and with 104                  the coming year to ensure continuous
                                                                   Women in Leadership at Orora (WILO)                 improvement. Our Modern Slavery
                                                                   graduates to date, our latest WILO                  Statements are available on our website.
                                                                   program sees a group of 25 talented
                                                                                                                       Supplier Conduct and Assurance
                                                                   women from Australia, New Zealand,
                                                                   the USA and Mexico participate in the               Orora continued to apply our Supplier
                                                                   10-month program to elevate their skills            Code of Conduct and Ethics Policy,
                                                                   and expertise, expand their professional            which sets minimum standards for our
                                                                   networks, and build their careers as                suppliers’ conduct and their supply chains
                                                                   Orora’s future leaders. This specialised            in line with our values, our commitment to
                                                                   development program aims to cultivate               the Ten Principles of the UNGC and other
                                                                   a diverse, global pipeline of leadership            legislative requirements. Orora’s Supplier
                                                                   talent for Orora by harnessing the                  Code of Conduct and Ethics Policy
                                                                   potential of our female leadership cohort,          complements Orora’s Code of Conduct
                                                                   as we continue to foster a culture that             and Ethics Policy and is supported by our
                                                                   enables women to thrive and succeed in              Supplier Assurance Framework (SAF),
               Two of our award-winning DE&I council members                                                           which was improved during the reporting
               from OPS North America, Marisa Brambila (left)      leadership positions. The people leaders
               and Matthew Cheng (right).                          of WILO participants are supported by a             period. The SAF helps our procurement
                                                                   comprehensive coaching program.                     team identify and mitigate potential
               Our Diversity, Equity & Inclusion Heroes                                                                human rights and environmental issues
               In December 2021 we announced the                   Previous WILO graduates also act as                 with suppliers.
               winners of our annual Hero Awards,                  coaches for our participants, which
                                                                   reinforces connections amongst our                  A risk assessment tool is applied to
               our highest level of recognition which                                                                  identify high risks, which in some cases
               celebrates individuals and teams that               WILO network.
                                                                                                                       are further assessed through Sedex
               have excelled across Orora.                         Celebrating Pride, Orora Proud                      (the Supplier Ethical Data Exchange) or
               The overall FY22 winner was our                     Each year we celebrate Pride month and              EcoVardis. Suppliers must successfully
               DE&I Council, a group of volunteer team             the diversity of the LGBTIQ+ community.             mitigate any risks via an agreed plan and
               members from across North America.                  In FY22 we explored key community                   if unsuccessful, may no longer be able to
               The DE&I Council has led the way to                 topics in a six-part Ask me Anything video          partner with Orora.
               increase participation, awareness and               series to raise awareness and educate
                                                                                                                       Responsible fibre sourcing
               education in important areas that align             our wider workforce. This Orora Proud
               with our Community pillar, culture and              initiative was developed by our                     We remain committed to the use of fibre
               values. In FY22 the DE&I Council focused            DE&I Council in North America and is                from traceable, transparent, socially and
               on initiatives including celebrating Pride,         shared amongst our global team.                     environmentally responsible sources in
               creating a Council of 24 members who                                                                    our North American businesses.
               consider themselves allies, increasing              Protecting human rights                             Forest Chain of Custody certification
               Orora’s team mental health initiatives,             and supply chain integrity                          ensures our raw materials and finished
               and building readiness for FY23 initiatives                                                             fibre-based products meet this standard.
               including developing tools that continue            We are committed to protecting and
               to support these initiatives ongoing.               respecting human rights and oppose all              We hold Forest Stewardship Council®
                                                                   forms of slavery in both our operations             (FSC) Chain of Custody certification
               In Australasia, the I Belong @Orora                 and the operations of our suppliers.                status across a number of our OPS
               Diversity and Inclusion program used                                                                    recycled corrugated sheet and carton
               insights from team members to define                We understand our responsibilities to
                                                                                                                       board manufacturing operations[1].
               and deliver an action plan focused on the           provide transparency on any modern slavery
               priorities of an inclusive culture, diversity,      risks that exist in our operations and supply       Our responsible fibre sourcing approach is
               flexible working and inclusive leadership.          chain, and how they are being addressed.            supported by a due diligence framework
               One component of I Belong is the                                                                        giving preference to suppliers with
                                                                   In FY22 we published our second Board-
               Call it Out program, designed to promote a                                                              credible, independent chain of custody
                                                                   approved Modern Slavery Statement,
               psychologically safe workplace free from                                                                certification based on international
                                                                   which amongst other things described
               bullying, harassment, discrimination and                                                                standards and transparent and traceable
                                                                   the modern slavery risks associated with
               negative behaviours.                                                                                    supply chains.
                                                                   our business activities, actions taken



                [1]		 FSC Chain of Custody Certification Standard Ref: FSC-STD-40-004V3c. FSC COC Certification of Multiple Sites Standard Ref: FSC-Std-40-003V2.1.
                      FSC Certification Code: VS013968/12.


               20                                                                                                                  ORORA LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                    Our     Promise to the Future




For personal use only
                    We believe good                                       Our sustainability governance                        Our sustainability reporting
                    governance and                                        In FY22 we began our new chapter in                  We report on sustainability activity


                    transparency is
                                                                          sustainability, underpinned by the same              annually through Communication on
                                                                          sound governance and transparency of                 Progress (CoP) to the UNGC, which


                    fundamental.
                                                                          reporting.                                           outlines the action we’ve taken to further
                                                                                                                               implement the Covenant’s Principles on
                                                                          Orora’s sustainability approach continues            human rights, labour, environment and
                                                                          to be framed by our obligations as a                 anti-corruption.
                    This belief and our                                   signatory to the UNGC, which ensures
                                                                          compliance with applicable requirements              We continue to support the CDP[2],
                    values underpin                                       (including the ASX Corporate Governance              voluntarily disclosing information under


                            Promise
                                                                          Council’s Recommendation 7.4 [1] ), and              the Climate, Water and Forest Risk CDP
                    Our           to                                      considers emerging landscapes and
                                                                          expectations where appropriate.
                                                                                                                               sections. As part of our commitment to
                                                                                                                               sustainable operations we achieved a
                    the Future.                                           Our Board oversees and approves Orora’s
                                                                                                                               score of C for Climate, B- for Water and
                                                                                                                               B- for Forest Risk.
                                                                          strategic direction and the effectiveness
                                                                          of Orora’s corporate governance                      As a signatory to the Australian
                                                                          policies. The Board retains ultimate                 Packaging Covenant (APC), we
                                                                          oversight of material environmental and              provided a FY21 annual report and
                                                                          sustainability risks and opportunities               were again assessed as being in the
                                                                          and operates through the Board Safety,               ‘Leader’ category [3]. We also received
                                                                          Sustainability & Environment Committee               a ‘Comprehensive’ rating from the
                                                                          (SSEC). Orora’s CEO and Executive                    Australian Council of Superannuation
                                                                          Leadership team, supported by working                Investors following its review of
                                                                          groups, have ultimate responsibility for             environmental, social and governance
                                                                          sustainability at Orora. Regular updates             reporting in the ASX 200 for the period to
                                                                          and recommendations are provided to                  31 March 2022[4].
                                                                          the Board on sustainability activities
                                                                          across Orora.




                    [1]		 Recommendation 7.4: a listed entity should disclose whether it has any material exposure to economic, environmental and social sustainability risks
                          and, if it does, how it manages or intends to manage those risks. Source: Corporate Governance Principles and Recommendations, Australian Securities
                          Exchange Corporate Governance Council (4th edition), 2019.
                    [2]		 CDP, formerly known as the Carbon Disclosure Project.
                    [3]		 APCO 2021 Annual Report and Action Plan for Orora Packaging Pty Ltd,
                          https://www.ororagroup.com/ckeditor_assets/attachments/533/2021_ActionPlan_OroraPackaging.pdf.
                    [4]		 ACSI ESG reporting trends in the ASX200: June 2022,
                          https://acsi.org.au/wp-content/uploads/2022/07/1ACSI-ESG-Reporting-Trends-in-the-ASX200-JUN22-.pdf.

                    ORORA LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022                                                                                                                         21
               Group financial
               review summary




For personal use only
               Income statement[1]                                                                                               Revenue
                AUD million                                                                       2022             2021          Sales revenue was $4,090.8 million, up
                                                                                                                                 15.6% on FY21 or 13.0% on a constant
                Sales revenue                                                                  4,090.8          3,538.0
                                                                                                                                 currency basis.
                Earnings before depreciation, amortisation, interest, related                    403.4            369.3
                income tax expense and significant items                                                                         In Australasia revenue increased 9.0% to
                                                                                                                                 $909.1 million, driven by higher aluminium
                Depreciation and amortisation                                                   (117.9)          (120.2)
                                                                                                                                 costs which have been passed on to
                Earnings before interest, related income tax expense and                         285.5            249.1          customers, slight growth in Cans and Glass
                significant items                                                                                                volumes, partially offset by Glass product
                Significant items                                                                      -          (38.6)         sales mix.
                Earnings before interest and related income tax expense                          285.5            210.5
                Net financing costs                                                              (26.7)           (32.8)         In North America, revenue was up 17.7% to
                                                                                                                                 $3,181.7 million (up 14.3% to US$2,308.3
                Income tax expense                                                                (71.7)          (48.0)         million in local currency terms) with year-on-
                Profit for the financial period from continuing operations                        187.1           129.7          year revenue growth for both OPS and Orora
                                                                                                                                 Visual. The increase in revenue was primarily
                                                                                                                                 attributable to price increases reflecting
               Balance sheet[2]                                                                                                  disciplined management of inflationary
                AUD million                                                                       2022             2021          pressures.
                Cash                                                                               52.6            50.6
                Other current assets                                                            1,255.1           930.2          Earnings before
                Property, plant and equipment                                                    685.2            627.5          interest and tax
                Right-of-use lease assets                                                         173.7           200.5          Earnings Before Interest and Tax (EBIT) was
                Goodwill and intangible assets                                                   433.2             411.2         $285.5 million, up 14.6% on the prior year (up
                Other non-current assets                                                          109.0           104.6          12.7% on a constant currency basis).
                Total assets                                                                   2,708.8          2,324.6          Earnings in Australasia were robust, with EBIT
                Borrowings                                                                        681.6           503.5          growth in line with prior year, up $0.3 million.
                Lease liabilities                                                                224.5            252.8
                                                                                                                                 Following significant Cans volume growth in
                                                                                                                                 FY21, can volumes were maintained in the
                Payables and provisions                                                         1,071.0           799.7          current year with a slight improvement in
                Total equity                                                                      731.7           768.6          both growth and product mix. This was offset
                Total liabilities and equity                                                   2,708.8          2,324.6          by a change in Glass product sales mix to
                                                                                                                                 lower profit margin categories, inflationary
                                                                                                                                 pressures relating to freight, energy and
               Cash flow[3]                                                                                                      materials, and supply chain disruptions at key
                                                                                                                                 customer sites.
                AUD million                                                                       2022             2021
                Earnings before depreciation, amortisation, interest, related                    403.4            369.3          North America continued to deliver a strong
                income tax expense and significant items                                                                         financial performance, with reported EBIT
                                                                                                                                 increasing 36.6% on the prior year to
                Right-of-use asset lease payments                                                 (59.1)          (59.4)
                                                                                                                                 $134.9 million (up 32.6% on a constant
                Non-cash items                                                                     26.8             27.7         currency basis). This was a result of strong
                Movement in total working capital                                                (62.6)           (61.6)         revenue growth across both manufacturing
                Net base capital expenditure                                                     (35.9)           (30.0)         and distribution, with an ongoing focus on
                                                                                                                                 business optimisation, account profitability
                Underlying operating cash flow                                                   272.6            246.0
                                                                                                                                 management and cost to serve, with OPS
                Cash significant items                                                           (27.0)           (33.8)         margins improving by 80bps to 5.2%.
                Operating free cash flow                                                         245.6            212.2
                                                                                                                                 US dollar earnings were translated at
               [1]      Represents continuing operations only, as reported in the segment note contained within the financial    AUD/USD ~72.6 cents in FY22, compared
                        statements (refer note 1) with the exception of net unallocated financing costs and income tax           to ~74.7 cents in the prior year.
                        expense, which is not included in the segment note.
               [2]      IFRS compliant information extracted from the audited financial statements.
               [3]      Operating free cash flow includes principal lease and interest payments associated with
                        Right-of-Use (ROU) assets as reported per the segment note in the financial statements (refer note 1).




               22                                                                                                                            ORORA LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                    Significant item expense                          The $271.3 million increase in payables
                                                                      and provisions was driven primarily by an
                                                                                                                       Capital management




For personal use only
                    During the period Orora recorded a                increase in trade and other payables of          During FY22 Orora purchased 30.7 million
                    significant item tax expense of $2.4 million      $280.4 million, including a $39.8 million        shares (representing 3.5% of issued
                    relating to finalisation of the tax position of   foreign currency impact. This was mainly         capital) as part of an on-market buyback,
                    the Australasian Fibre business (‘Fibre’) and     due to the increased volume and price of         which was announced in October 2021.
                    the filing of associated tax returns with tax     aluminium for the Australasian business,         Shares were bought back for a total outlay
                    authorities.                                      reflecting the cost of raw materials and         of $109.0 million and a volume weighted
                                                                      increased levels of inventory. Trade and         average price of $3.55 per share.
                    Balance sheet                                     other payables were also higher for the
                                                                      North American businesses reflecting
                                                                                                                       When combined with the FY21 share
                    Total assets increased by $384.2 million                                                           buyback, special dividend and capital
                                                                      higher volumes and the value of inventory.
                    or 16.5% in FY22.                                                                                  return, Orora have now returned $965.2
                                                                      The net lease liability position remained        million to shareholders following the
                    Our centralised approach to cash                  broadly in line with the prior year, declining   disposal of Fibre, in addition to ordinary
                    management ensured cash balances were             $1.5 million. ROU leases relate                  dividends. Consistent with a focus on the
                    tightly managed with a 30 June cash               predominantly to the North American              disciplined pursuit of growth and capacity
                    balance of $52.6 million.                         businesses, with very few leases in              enhancement investment opportunities,
                                                                      Australasia.                                     we continue to maintain a strong balance
                    Other current assets increased by                                                                  sheet to support further investment and
                    $324.9 million, with trade and other                                                               growth.
                    receivables increasing $63.4 million and          Cash flow
                    inventory increasing $251.7 million,
                    inclusive of a foreign currency increase of
                                                                      Orora sustained robust cash generation in
                                                                      FY22, with increased earnings converted
                                                                                                                       Corporate
                    $50.7 million.                                                                                     Corporate costs have been allocated
                                                                      into cash. Operating cash flow of
                    Trade and other receivables increased             $272.6 million was up by $26.6 million           directly to the business segments.
                    reflecting sales revenue growth. Inventory        or 10.8% on the prior year, whilst cash
                                                                                                                       In December 2021 Orora refinanced a
                    levels were also higher due to the                conversion of 73.5% was marginally above
                                                                                                                       $35.0 million bilateral facility. The
                    increased volume and value of raw                 the prior year of 72.9%.
                                                                                                                       refinanced facility will mature in April
                    materials (aluminium) and the return to                                                            2023. In June 2022 a $50.0 million
                                                                      Base capex of $36.4 million was slightly
                    normal stock levels for both the                                                                   uncommitted bilateral facility was
                                                                      above the prior year. Growth capex of
                    Australasian and North American                                                                    amended to a $100.0 million committed
                                                                      $50.8 million was up $25.6 million as a
                    businesses.                                       result of the investment in the new              facility and extended to July 2027.
                    Net property, plant and equipment (PP&E)          Beverage Cans line and can ends capacity         Commercial terms and composition of both
                    increased by $57.7 million. This includes a       as well as the Glass cullet beneficiation        facilities were not materially changed.
                    foreign currency translation impact               plant.
                                                                                                                       Orora have substantial headroom under our
                    (increase) of $10.8 million. Capex spend for                                                       existing debt facilities, with committed
                                                                      FY22 income tax payments of $55.4 million
                    FY22 was $87.2 million and included spend                                                          undrawn facilities of $372.4 million as at
                                                                      reflect a return to normal company tax
                    on Beverage Cans expansion projects (new          payments following Fibre Australasia             30 June 2022 and no material maturities
                    cans line at Dandenong and ends capacity                                                           until July 2023.
                                                                      related impacts in FY21.
                    at Ballarat, Victoria), construction of the
                    new Glass cullet beneficiation plant at
                    Gawler, South Australia and leasehold             Working capital                                  Petrie decommissioning
                    improvements at OPS in North America.             During FY22 average total working capital        The decommissioning of the former Petrie
                    Depreciation for the period was $64.4             to sales increased to 6.6% (6.4% in FY21),       mill site is progressing but continues to be
                    million (excluding ROU assets). An increase       attributable to higher average working           a significant and complex exercise
                    in intangible assets was largely driven by        capital balances driven by a replenishment       involving multiple government agencies. A
                    foreign currency impacts ($29.2 million).         of inventories depleted in FY21 and the          further $26.5 million was spent on
                    Investments of $5.5 million were made in          increased price of aluminium.                    decommissioning the site during the year
                    digital platforms and software upgrades,                                                           ($28.4 million in the prior year). Impacts of
                    and amortisation for the period was $8.9          The medium-term management target for            the unprecedented rainfall levels in
                    million.                                          average total working capital to sales is        Queensland are being managed within the
                                                                      less than 10.0%.                                 existing provisions. Orora continues to
                    Net debt increased by $176.1 million during
                    the year, attributable to the $109.0 million                                                       engage a specialist environmental
                    spent on the share buyback and capital                                                             consulting firm to manage the completion
                    expenditure invested in the business of                                                            of the remaining remediation works. The
                    $87.2 million. This was partially offset by                                                        provision at 30 June 2022 represents
                    increased operating cash flow attributable                                                         management's best estimate in respect of
                    to earnings growth.                                                                                the anticipated costs to complete the
                                                                                                                       remediation, using all currently available
                    We remain well within all debt covenant                                                            information and considering applicable
                    requirements.                                                                                      legislative and environmental regulations.




                    ORORA LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022                                                                                                             23
               Operational review
               Australasia




For personal use only
               The Australasian[1]                                   Key points
               Beverage business                                     • Sales revenue was up by 9.0% to $909.1 million in Australasia.
               delivered a robust                                    • EBIT of $150.6 million was broadly in line with the prior year — a solid
                                                                       earnings performance during a period of inflationary cost pressures,
               earnings performance                                    supply chain disruptions and changes in product sales mix.
               against the backdrop of                               • Australasia's earnings performance reflects slight volume gains in Cans
               inflationary pressures                                  across most formats, with all sites operating 24/7 to meet demand,
               and supply chain                                        partially offset by a change in Glass product sales mix to lower profit
                                                                       margin categories, as the business cycled the impacts of lower wine
               disruptions,                                            exports to China.
               demonstrating the                                     • EBIT margin declined to 16.6%, primarily reflecting the impact of higher
               diversified strength                                    aluminium costs which are directly passed through to customers.
               and resilience as a                                   • Our Australasian operations are in a period of growth in capital
               leading supplier of                                     expenditure, reflecting a strong customer-led outlook for Cans volume
                                                                       growth, underpinned by long-term customer contracts and a
               Cans, Glass and Wine                                    commitment to sustainability.
               Closures in Australia                                 • Return on Average Funds Employed (RoAFE) was down 80bps to 24.6%,
               and New Zealand.                                        driven primarily by higher average working capital.
                                                                     • Cash conversion increased slightly on the prior year to 72.9%.




                                                                     Earnings[2]
                                                                     AUD million                                 FY22        FY21       Change
                                                                     Sales revenue                               909.1       834.1        9.0%
                                                                     EBIT[3]                                     150.6       150.3        0.2%
                                                                     EBIT margin %                              16.6%       18.0%
                                                                     RoAFE[4]                                   24.6%       25.4%


                                                                     Segment cash flow
                                                                     AUD million                                 FY22        FY21       Change
                                                                     EBITDA[5]                                   195.6       197.8       (1.1)%
                                                                     Lease repayments                             (3.7)       (6.0)
               [1]      The financial information provided
                                                                     Non-cash items                               21.9        27.1
                        represents Orora’s continuing Australasia
                        operating segment.                           Cash EBITDA                                 213.8       218.9       (2.3%)
               [2]      As reported in the segment note              Movement in total working capital          (43.0)       (41.7)
                        contained within the financial statements,
                                                                     Base capex                                  (15.2)      (18.9)
                        refer note 1.
               [3]      Earnings Before Interest, related income     Sale proceeds                                 0.4        (0.3)
                        Tax expense and significant items.           Operating cash flow                         156.0       158.0       (1.3%)
               [4]      Return on Average Funds Employed
                        (RoAFE) is calculated as EBIT divided        Cash significant items                     (26.6)      (28.5)
                        by average funds employed.                   Operating free cash flow                    129.4       129.5
               [5]      Earnings before Depreciation,
                                                                     Cash conversion                            72.9%       72.2%
                        Amortisation, Interest and related income
                        Tax expense and significant items.




               24                                                                                                  ORORA LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                    Performance highlights




For personal use only
                    Beverage Cans                                  Beverage Glass                                 Beverage Closures
                    Earnings were marginally above the prior       Earnings were slightly below the prior year    Earnings performance was slightly below
                    year, reflecting the impact of supply chain    as the business cycled the impact of lower     the prior year, reflecting lower wine bottle
                    challenges, COVID-related customer site        wine bottle volumes resulting from Chinese     volumes as well as international supply and
                    disruptions on production volumes and          tariffs on Australian wine exports. The        shipping challenges for aluminium. The
                    capacity constraints.                          Beverage Glass business successfully           shortfall in volumes was partially offset by
                                                                   redeployed these lost volumes in the first     a favourable product mix with a shift to
                    Despite these challenges, can volumes          half of FY22 to new lower margin products      premium closures. Second half earnings in
                    have remained strong in the current year,      in the olive oil and spirit segments.          FY22 improved on the first half, attributable
                    following significant growth in FY21.                                                         to new customer wins.
                    FY22 can volumes were slightly ahead of        Second half revenue and earnings improved
                    the prior year, underpinned by ongoing         year-on-year with growth in volumes driven
                    strong demand in craft and mainstream          by the successful expansion into the new
                    beer and carbonated soft drinks. Both          segments as we diversified our glass
                    segments benefited from a continuation of      portfolio mix.
                    the preference shift from glass and plastics
                    to can formats. Slim can and Sleek can         The increase in new product volumes also
                    volumes also increased from the prior year,    helped curtail the impact of a packaging
                    reflecting improved activity in the off-       mix shift in beer, higher supply chain costs
                    premises and convenience channels.             and commodity prices, combined with a lag
                                                                   in passing cost increases through to
                    Inflationary pressures were well managed       customers attributable to the timing of
                    during the year. Cost increases relating to    contractual price adjustment mechanisms.
                    freight, energy and non-aluminium
                    materials were mostly offset by cost           The Beverage Glass business completed
                    recoveries and ongoing improvements            construction on the ~$25 million cullet
                    in operating efficiencies.                     beneficiation plant in late FY22, which will
                                                                   be fully commissioned in early FY23. This
                    Revenue growth was driven by an increase       advanced plant will enable Orora to
                    in the cost of aluminium, which was passed     increase recycled glass content towards
                    through to customers. When adjusted for        our sustainability target of ~60%. Orora’s
                    the price increase of aluminium, revenue       commitment to sustainability was further
                    growth was 1.5%, reflecting the existing       highlighted with the announcement to
                    capacity constraints.                          upgrade the G3 furnace at our
                                                                   manufacturing site in Gawler, South
                    The capital investment in Cans capacity        Australia, to oxyfuel technology with the
                    and capability, supported by strong end-       construction of an oxygen plant at a gross
                    market customer demand, will deliver           cost of ~$40 million. This investment is
                    further earnings growth. A ~$110 million       scheduled to be complete in 2024 and
                    investment in a new cans line in               supports Orora’s goal of a 40% reduction in
                    Dandenong, Victoria, and expansion of can      Scope 1 and 2 greenhouse gas emissions
                    ends capacity at Ballarat, Victoria, are       by 2035.
                    scheduled to be commissioned in FY23. A
                    further ~$85 million investment in a second
                    cans line at Revesby, New South Wales,
                    was also announced in the second half of
                    FY22 and is scheduled to be completed in
                    FY25.




                    ORORA LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022                                                                                                       25
               Operational review
               North America




For personal use only
               Our businesses in                                     Key points
               North America                                         • Local currency sales revenue grew by 14.3% to US$2,308.3 million,
               delivered significant                                   with year-on-year growth achieved by both OPS and Orora Visual.
                                                                     • Significant increase in EBIT of 32.6% in local currency terms, with
               earnings growth with                                    earnings growth in both manufacturing and distribution driven by
               continued margin                                        improvements in customer account profitability, operating efficiency
               improvement,                                            and cost to serve.
               reflecting continued                                  • A relentless focus on managing inflationary inputs aided by embedded
                                                                       pricing discipline.
               business optimisation,
                                                                     • OPS EBIT margin improved by 80bps to 5.2%.
               effective pricing pass-
                                                                     • Operating cash flow increased by 28.7% to US$84.6 million on the
               through and disciplined                                 back of further earnings growth, with cash conversion remaining strong
               execution of strategy.                                  at 74.1%.
                                                                     • RoAFE increased by 530bps to 20.3%, reflecting the higher earnings.




                                                                     Earnings[1]
                                                                     AUD million                                FY22        FY21       Change
                                                                     Sales revenue                            3,181.7     2,703.9       17.7%
                                                                     EBIT[2]                                    134.9        98.8       36.6%
                                                                     EBIT margin %                              4.2%        3.7%
                                                                     RoAFE[3]                                  20.3%       15.0%

                                                                     USD million                                FY22        FY21       Change
                                                                     Sales revenue                            2,308.3     2,019.8       14.3%
                                                                     EBIT                                        97.9        73.8       32.6%


                                                                     Segment cash flow
                                                                     USD million                                FY22        FY21       Change
                                                                     EBITDA[4]                                  150.8       128.1       17.7%
                                                                     Lease repayments                          (40.2)      (39.9)
                                                                     Non-cash items                               3.5         0.5
                                                                     Cash EBITDA                                114.1        88.7       28.7%
               [1]      As reported in the segment note
                                                                     Movement in total working capital          (14.2)      (14.9)
                        contained within the financial statements,
                        refer note 1.                                Base capex                                 (15.4)       (9.7)
               [2]      Earnings Before Interest, related income     Sale proceeds                                0.1         1.6
                        Tax expense and significant items.
                                                                     Operating cash flow                         84.6        65.7       28.7%
               [3]      Return on Average Funds Employed
                        (RoAFE) is calculated as EBIT divided        Cash significant items                      (0.3)       (4.0)
                        by average funds employed.                   Operating free cash flow                    84.3        61.7
               [4]      Earnings before Depreciation,
                        Amortisation, Interest and related income    Cash conversion                           74.1%       74.1%
                        Tax expense and significant items.




               26                                                                                                 ORORA LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                    Performance highlights




For personal use only
                    Orora Packaging                                Orora Visual
                    Solutions                                      Orora Visual delivered another year of
                                                                   revenue growth with an increase in sales
                    OPS delivered another significant earnings     revenue driven by an improvement in retail
                    performance in FY22. Revenue growth of         activity and stronger packaging sales.
                    15.1% was primarily driven by price
                    increases.                                     Following a positive full year EBIT result in
                                                                   FY21, Orora Visual’s contribution margin
                    This embedded pricing discipline, combined     remained broadly in line with the prior year.
                    with the customer account profitability        Business integration actions, including
                    initiative, a focus on operating efficiency    improvements to drive further earnings
                    improvements and cost to serve,                growth, are in progress across the four
                    translated to a further 80bps increase in      Orora Visual sites. These initiatives are
                    OPS EBIT margin during the year. Since         yielding improvements in operational
                    FY20 OPS’ EBIT margin has improved             performance as operations are
                    by 160bps to 5.2%.                             streamlined.
                    The OPS customer account profitability
                    program, focused on margin recovery and
                    efficiency programs, has continued to
                    deliver earnings growth benefits and will
                    remain an integral part of the business’
                    ongoing initiatives.
                    The strong growth in earnings in both
                    manufacturing and distribution also
                    mitigated normal second half seasonality
                    softness. This reflected the additional
                    operation and final benefits from the
                    integration of Pollock and Bronco
                    operations into a singular OPS central
                    region.
                    We continue to benefit from OPS’ vertically
                    integrated corrugate manufacturing
                    capability and will continue to build on the
                    earnings momentum to drive further cost
                    efficiencies and margin expansion.




                    ORORA LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022                                                               27
               Corporate Governance
               Statement
               The Board is committed to achieving and demonstrating                                         •   approving the overall remuneration
                                                                                                                 policy and remuneration of Non-
               standards of corporate governance appropriate to the




For personal use only
                                                                                                                 Executive Directors, the CEO and senior
               operations and size of the Company, and continuing to refine                                      management, including any incentive
                                                                                                                 and/or equity plans
               and improve Orora’s governance framework and practices
                                                                                                             •   overseeing, with recommendations
               to ensure they meet the interests of shareholders and other                                       from the Human Resources Committee,
               stakeholders.                                                                                     that the remuneration policy is aligned
                                                                                                                 with the Company’s purpose, values,
               The Board of Directors of Orora Limited and    •   A R H (Rob) Sindel (Chair)                     strategic objectives and risk appetite
               its subsidiaries (Orora or the Company)        •   B P (Brian) Lowe (CEO)                     •   receiving information regarding
               believe good corporate governance:                                                                material breaches of the Company’s
                                                              •   A P (Abi) Cleland                              Code of Conduct and Ethics, Anti-
               •    is an integral part of the culture and    •   M A (Michael) Fraser                           bribery and Anti-Corruption Policy and
                    business practices of the Company;            – appointed 1 April 2022                       reports of material incidents under the
                    and
                                                              •   T J (Tom) Gorman                               Whistleblower Policy
               •    will add to Orora’s performance to
                                                              •   S L (Sam) Lewis                            •   determining the size, composition and
                    create shareholder value, while having
                                                              •   J L (Jeremy) Sutcliffe                         structure of the Board, and the process
                    regard to other stakeholders and an
                                                                                                                 for evaluating its performance
                    appropriate risk and return framework.
                                                              The Board periodically reviews its             •   approving and removing the CEO and
               The Board is committed to achieving and        composition, and tenure and succession of          Company Secretary, and approving and
               demonstrating standards of corporate           the Directors, upon input and                      reviewing succession plans for the
               governance appropriate to the operations       recommendation from the Nomination                 Non-Executive Directors, CEO and
               and size of the Company, and continuing to     Committee.                                         senior management
               refine and improve Orora’s governance                                                         •   satisfying itself that the Board
               framework and practices to ensure they         Role of the Board                                  reporting framework is appropriate and,
               meet the interests of shareholders,            The Board is responsible for the                   where required, providing constructive
               regulators and other stakeholders.             governance of the Company and is                   feedback to challenge the CEO and
                                                              accountable to shareholders for guiding            senior management
               The Board has adopted Charters and key
               corporate governance documents which           and monitoring the effective management        •   ensuring provision of adequate,
               articulate the policies and procedures         and performance of the Company.                    accurate and timely information to the
               followed by Orora. These documents,                                                               market of all material information and
                                                              The Board Charter, available on Orora’s            developments relating to the Company
               together with Orora’s 2022 Annual Report       website, sets out how the Board’s role,
               referred to in this Corporate Governance                                                      •   adopting appropriate procedures to
                                                              powers and responsibilities are exercised,
               Statement, are available on Orora’s website                                                       ensure compliance with all laws,
                                                              having regard to principles of good
               at www.ororagroup.com under the                                                                   governmental regulations and
                                                              corporate governance, market practice and
               ‘Investors’ section.                                                                              accounting standards
                                                              applicable laws.
                                                                                                             •   reviewing and, to the extent necessary,
               This Corporate Governance Statement            The Board operates in accordance with the          amending the Board and Committee
               summarises Orora’s main corporate              principles set out in its Board Charter, the       Charters.
               governance practices for the reporting         Company’s Constitution, relevant laws and
               period, being the year that ended 30 June
                                                              ASX listing rules.                             Board composition and succession
               2022, which comply with the Australian
               Securities Exchange (ASX) Corporate                                                           The Board is committed to ensuring that it
               Governance Council’s Corporate                 Responsibilities of the Board                  is comprised of individuals who collectively
               Governance Principles and                      The Board’s responsibilities, as               have the appropriate skills and experience
               Recommendations 4th Edition                    summarised in the Board Charter, include:      to develop and support the Board’s
               (ASX Principles).                              •   defining the Company’s purpose and         responsibilities and Company objectives.
                                                                  approving and monitoring                   The Board’s composition is determined
               This Statement is current as at 18 August
                                                                  management’s development and               based on criteria set out in the Company’s
               2022 and has been approved by the Board.
                                                                  implementation of the Group’s strategy,    Constitution and the Board Charter,
                                                                  plans and core values of the Group         including:
               The Board of Directors                         •   setting the risk appetite within which     •   a majority of Independent
               The Board                                          the Board expects management to                Non-Executive Directors and a
                                                                  operate                                        Non-Executive Director as Chair
               The Directors of the Company as at the
               date of this Statement are set out below,      •   reviewing, approving and monitoring        •   the Board having an appropriate mix of
               all of whom (except Orora’s Managing               the Company’s risk policy and risk             skills, knowledge, experience,
               Director and Chief Executive Officer (CEO),        management systems (for both                   independence and diversity necessary
               Brian Lowe), are independent Non-                  financial and non-financial risks),            to review and approve the strategic
               Executive Directors. Details of each               including internal compliance and              directions of the Company, and to guide
               Director’s tenure, experience, expertise and       control mechanisms                             and monitor management
               qualifications are set out in the Board of     •   overseeing the Company’s accounting        •   re-election of Directors at least every
               Directors section of the 2022 Annual               and corporate reporting systems and            three years (except for the CEO).
               Report and on Orora’s website.                     disclosures




               28                                                                                                      ORORA LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                    Board skills                                            The Company has established a Board
                                                                            skills matrix relevant to the Company. A
                                                                                                                            The skills attributed to each Director
                                                                                                                            recognise their experience acquired
                    and experience




For personal use only
                                                                            summary of the main skills and experience       through previous executive or non-
                                                                            of the Board as applicable to its strategic     executive director roles. The Board has
                    Board skills matrix                                     objectives is set out in the skills matrix      unfettered access to the Company’s senior
                    The Board recognises the importance of                  below. A regular assessment of the              management team and external
                    having Directors with a broad range of                  optimum mix of these skills and experience      consultants for required expertise. The
                    skills, backgrounds, expertise, diversity               is computed and takes into account the          Board considers that there are currently no
                    and experience in order to facilitate                   strategic positioning of the Company.           significant gaps in the skill set that it seeks
                    constructive decision making and                                                                        to have represented on the Board, and that
                    facilitate good governance processes                                                                    the skills and experience of the Directors
                    and procedures.                                                                                         are relevant and appropriate to Orora.



                        Skill/Experience                                                                                    Directors with Skill/Experience

                                           Strategic thinking
                                           Experience in developing and implementing enterprise-wide successful
                                           strategies, and an effective capital management framework, including
                                           appropriately questioning and challenging management on the delivery of
                                                                                                                                                                 7/7
                                           agreed strategic planning objectives.

                                           Workplace safety and health
                                           Senior executive or substantial board experience in key workplace safety and
                                           health risk, including management, performance and governance of workplace                                            7/7
                                           safety and health.

                                           Financial acumen
                                           Experience in financial accounting and reporting, corporate finance and/or
                                           restructuring, corporate transactions, including ability to evaluate the
                                           adequacies of financial and risk controls and understand key financial drivers
                                                                                                                                                                 7/7
                                           of the business.

                                           Technology and innovation
                                           Experience in oversight, adoption and implementation of technology and
                                           innovation to support growth and drive competitive advantage, the ability to
                                           understand key factors relevant to Orora including digital disruption,
                                                                                                                                                                 6/7
                                           opportunities and risks and cyber risk management.

                                           People, culture and remuneration
                                           Senior executive or substantial board experience leading people, oversight of
                                           culture and organisational design, remuneration frameworks that attract and
                                           retain a high calibre workforce and a culture that promotes diversity, equity
                                                                                                                                                                 6/7
                                           and inclusion.

                                           Sustainability and environment
                                           Senior executive or substantial board experience in management,
                                           performance and governance of sustainability, environmental and social
                                           responsibility initiatives, risks and opportunities including in relation to
                                                                                                                                                                 7/7
                                           sustainability and climate change.

                                           Corporate Governance
                                           Experience with a major organisation that is subject to rigorous governance
                                           standards, a proven track record of leadership and governance skills and
                                           demonstrated behaviours consistent with Orora’s values, and an awareness
                                                                                                                                                                 7/7
                                           of global practices and trends.

                                           Relevant industry experience
                                           Senior executive or substantial board experience in a number of relevant
                                           industries, including packaging, manufacturing, FMCG, food and beverage,                                              6/7
                                           recycling, industrials and logistics, product or customer strategy.

                                           Risk management
                                           Understanding of and senior executive or substantial board experience in
                                           identifying and monitoring key existing and emerging risks to an organisation
                                           and implementing appropriate risk management frameworks, procedures and
                                                                                                                                                                 7/7
                                           controls.




                    ORORA LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022                                                                                                                   29
               Corporate Governance
               Statement




For personal use only
                                                    The Company aims to have a diverse skill       Conflicts of interest
                  Board experience                  set and an appropriate mix of gender,
                                                    thought, age and cultural background
                                                                                                   Directors must keep the Board advised, on
                  Relevant industry experience                                                     an ongoing basis, of any interest that could
                                                    represented on the Board. Further details
                                                                                                   potentially conflict with their duties to the
                                                    of the Company’s diversity objectives and
                                                                                                   Company. The Board has developed
                                                    Diversity, Equity and Inclusion Policy are
                                                                                                   procedures to assist Directors to disclose
                                                    set out in the Sustainability section of the
                                                                                                   potential conflicts of interest and, each
                                                    2022 Annual Report. The relevant industry
                                                                                                   year, all Non-Executive Directors complete
                                                    experience, gender diversity, age and
                         86%                                                                       independence declarations. Where the
                                       14%          tenure of the Board are shown in the
                                                                                                   Board believes that a significant conflict
                         Relevant     No relevant
                                                    charts on this page.
                         industry
                        experience
                                       industry
                                      experience                                                   exists for a Director on a Board matter, the
                                                    Directors’ independence                        Director concerned does not receive the
                                                                                                   relevant Board papers and is not present at
                                                    The Board has adopted specific principles      the meeting whilst the item is considered.
                                                    in relation to Non-Executive Directors’
                                                    independence as set out in the Board
                                                    Charter.
                                                                                                   The Chair
                  Board gender diversity                                                           The Board Charter provides that the Chair
                                                    The Board Charter states that:                 should be an Independent Director and
                                                    •   the Board shall consist of a majority of   should not be the CEO. The Chair, Rob
                                                        Non-Executive Directors who are            Sindel, is considered by the Board to be
                                                        considered by the Board to be              independent and his role is separate to
                                      29%               independent                                that of the CEO.
                                      Female
                                                    •   Directors must immediately disclose to     The Chair’s role and responsibilities are
                          71%                           the Company Secretary and the Chair
                           Male                                                                    outlined in the Board Charter and include:
                                                        any information, facts or
                                                        circumstances of which they become         •   leadership of the Board and assisting
                                                        aware, which may affect their                  the Board to work effectively and
                                                        independence                                   discharge its responsibilities, and
                                                                                                       encouraging and facilitating a culture of
                                                    •   in the absence of special
                                                                                                       openness and debate between
                  Board age                             circumstances, the tenure for Non-             Directors to foster a high-performing
                                                        Executive Directors should be limited
                                                                                                       and collegiate team
                                                        to a maximum of 10 years, to ensure
                                                        Directors remain demonstrably              •   maintaining effective communication
                                                        independent, with a view to best               and promoting constructive and
                                                        represent the interests of                     respectful relationships between the
                                                        shareholders.                                  Board and management
                         43%
                          <55yo       57%                                                          •   chairing general meetings of the
                                      >55yo         The Board undertakes an annual review of           Company
                                                    the extent to which each Non-Executive         •   setting the agenda for each Board
                                                    Director is independent, having regard to          meeting in consultation with the CEO
                                                    the relationships affecting the independent        and Company Secretary
                                                    status of a Director as described in the ASX   •   representing the Board in
                                                    Principles and any other matters the Board
                                                                                                       communications with shareholders and
                  Board tenure                      considers relevant. Where the Board
                                                                                                       other key stakeholders.
                                                    determines a Director is no longer
                                                    independent, an announcement will be
                                                                                                   The Chair has acknowledged that the role
                                                    made to the market.
                                                                                                   will require a significant time commitment
                                                    As at the date of this statement, with the     and has confirmed that other positions will
                                                    exception of the CEO, the Board considers      not hinder the effective performance of the
                         57%           43%          that each Non-Executive Director is            role of Chair.
                           0–5
                          years
                                       5–10         independent.
                                       years




               30                                                                                            ORORA LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022
For personal use only
                    The Company Secretary                            Agreements with Directors                       Performance evaluation
                    The Board has appointed Ann Stubbings            Non-Executive Directors are appointed           The Board undertakes a performance
                    as Company Secretary. Details of the             pursuant to a formal letter and a deed of       evaluation to review its performance and
                    Company Secretary’s skills, experience           appointment, which set out the key terms        that of its Committees at least annually.
                    and expertise are set out on Orora’s             relevant to the appointment, including the      The Chair reports to the Board regarding
                    website. The role of the Company                 term of appointment, the responsibilities       the performance evaluation process and
                    Secretary is set out in the Board Charter.       and expectations of Directors in relation to    the findings of these reviews.
                    The Company Secretary is accountable to          attendance and preparation for all Board
                    the Board through the Chair, and the             meetings, appointments to other boards,         The evaluation may involve surveys by the
                    appointment or removal of the Company            the procedures for dealing with conflicts of    Directors and the Board, the assistance of
                    Secretary is a matter for the Board as a         interest, and the availability of independent   external facilitators and consideration of
                    whole. Each Director is entitled to access       professional advice. Non-Executive              the degree to which each Non-Executive
                    the advice and services of the Company           Directors are expected to spend a               Director has demonstrated the skills
                    Secretary.                                       reasonable amount of time each year             relevant to the position of Non-Executive
                                                                     preparing for and attending Board and           Director or Chair, as applicable.
                    Checks and information on Directors              Committee meetings and associated               During the reporting period, the Company
                                                                     activities. Other commitments of Non-           undertook an internal evaluation of the
                    Before appointing or proposing a person
                                                                     Executive Directors are considered by the       Board and Committee performance
                    for election as a Director, Orora conducts
                                                                     Nomination Committee prior to                   (including the performance of the Chair and
                    all appropriate background checks,               appointment to the Board and are reviewed
                    including reference checks and criminal                                                          Committee Chairs), having regard to the
                                                                     each year as part of the annual Board           ASX Principles.
                    and bankruptcy record checks.
                                                                     performance assessment.
                    Prior to a Non-Executive Director’s election                                                     This evaluation concluded that the
                    or re-election by shareholders, the Board        Director induction and development              composition of the Company’s Non-
                    provides shareholders with all material                                                          Executive Directors is appropriate having
                                                                     Orora has in place a formal process to          regard to the skill set, expertise and
                    information known to Orora which is              educate new Directors about the operation
                    relevant to the decision of shareholders to                                                      experience required for a company of
                                                                     of the Board and its Committees, the            Orora’s size and geographic spread. The
                    elect or re-elect the Director, in order to      Company’s purpose, values, strategy, any
                    assist their decision-making process. This                                                       evaluation further concluded that the
                                                                     financial, strategic, operational and risk      Company’s Committee structure is
                    information is contained in the notice of        management issues, and the expectations
                    meeting of the Annual General Meeting at                                                         effective and is well-led by appropriately
                                                                     of performance of Directors. This induction     experienced and skilled Directors.
                    which the Director’s appointment will be         program includes providing new Directors
                    considered by shareholders.                      with access to previous Board and
                                                                                                                     Independent professional advice
                    A candidate for election or re-election as       Committee meeting minutes, Orora’s
                                                                     policies and the strategic plan, and            and access to information
                    a Non-Executive Director will be required
                    to provide the Board or Nomination               facilitating meetings with senior               Each Director has the right to access
                    Committee with all material information          executives. This induction process was          all relevant Company information and
                    and an acknowledgement that he or she            recently undertaken for Michael Fraser.         senior executives and, subject to prior
                    will have sufficient time to fulfil his or her                                                   consultation with and approval from the
                                                                     Directors visit Orora sites on an ongoing
                    responsibilities as a Director.                                                                  Chair, may seek independent professional
                                                                     basis, as COVID-19 travel restrictions allow,
                                                                                                                     advice from an advisor suitably qualified in
                                                                     and meet with management to gain a
                                                                                                                     the relevant field at the Company’s
                                                                     better understanding of business
                                                                                                                     expense.
                                                                     operations. These visits are conducted
                                                                     either as a full Board, or Board Committee,     A copy of advice received by the
                                                                     or with one or two Directors. Directors are     Director will be made available for all
                                                                     also given access to continuing education       other Directors.
                                                                     opportunities to update and enhance their
                                                                     skills and knowledge.




                    ORORA LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022                                                                                                           31
               Corporate Governance
               Statement



               Senior management                                     The performance of senior executives is
                                                                     reviewed on an ongoing basis, and a formal
                                                                                                                            Board Committees




For personal use only
               Delegations to management                             performance evaluation takes place every               To increase its effectiveness, the Board has
                                                                     six months in accordance with the                      established the following standing Board
               Day-to-day management of Orora is
                                                                     Company’s established evaluation process.              Committees:
               formally delegated to the CEO, supported
                                                                     Senior executives and the CEO are                      •    Audit, Risk & Compliance
               by senior management, in accordance with
                                                                     assessed against measurable short and
               the Board Charter and the Company’s                                                                          •    Executive
                                                                     long-term objectives which are aligned with
               Delegated Authority Policy, a summary of                                                                     •    Human Resources
                                                                     the Company’s business strategy and
               which is available on Orora’s website.
                                                                     operating plan, as well as how they have               •    Nomination
               These delegations are reviewed on a
                                                                     demonstrated behaviours that are                       •    Safety, Sustainability & Environment.
               regular basis to ensure that the division of
                                                                     consistent with Orora’s values. The CEO
               functions remains appropriate to the needs
                                                                     performs the evaluations of the other                  The members of these Committees as at
               of the Company.
                                                                     senior executives. An evaluation of senior             the date of this Statement are set out in
                                                                     executives was last undertaken in                      the table below. Profiles of each
               Senior executive appointments                         July/August 2022. The outcomes of these                member/Director, including their relevant
               and agreements                                        assessments are then reported to the                   experience and qualifications, are set out in
               The Company conducts all appropriate                  Board.                                                 the Board of Directors section of the 2022
               background checks on prospective senior               The Board is responsible for approving                 Annual Report and on the Company’s
               executives, including reference checks and            the objectives of the CEO and conducting               website. The Company Secretary is the
               criminal and bankruptcy record checks.                a formal annual evaluation of the                      Secretary of each Committee.
               The Company also has in place a written               performance of the CEO, including an                   Each Committee has a Charter which
               agreement with the CEO and each senior                assessment against these objectives and                includes a more detailed description of its
               executive, setting out the terms and                  the demonstration of behaviour consistent              role, responsibilities and specific
               conditions of their employment and the                with Orora’s values.                                   composition requirements. The Charters
               obligations they are required to fulfil in their      The outcomes of the performance                        are available on Orora’s website. The Board
               role. Each candidate is required to accept            evaluations of the senior executives                   may establish other Committees from time
               all terms and obligations as a condition of           and the CEO then contribute to the                     to time to deal with matters of special
               their employment. The key terms of the                determination of the senior executives’                importance.
               CEO’s and Chief Financial Officer’s (CFO)             and CEO’s remuneration.
               employment contracts are set out in the                                                                      All Directors are welcome to attend
               Remuneration Report in the 2022 Annual                The Company’s Senior Executive Reward                  Committee meetings even though they
               Report.                                               and Evaluation Policy is published on                  may not be a member.
                                                                     Orora’s website.                                       The Committees have access to senior
               Senior executive induction                            Further information relating to the                    executives and management, and
               and performance evaluation                            performance evaluation of applicable                   independent advisors. Committee agendas
                                                                     senior executives can also be found in                 and papers are available to all Directors
               The Company has an established process
                                                                     the Remuneration Report in the 2022                    before the meetings. Copies of the minutes
               for the induction of new senior executives,
                                                                     Annual Report.                                         of each Committee meeting are made
               which enables them to gain an
                                                                                                                            available to the full Board, and the Chair
               understanding of the Company’s purpose,
                                                                                                                            of each Committee provides an update on
               values, strategy, financial position,
                                                                                                                            the outcomes at the Board meeting that
               operations and risk management policies.
                                                                                                                            immediately follows the Committee
                                                                                                                            meeting.



               Board Committees
                                                                 Audit, Risk &             Executive      Human Resources          Nomination    Safety, Sustainability &
                Directors                   Board       Compliance Committee              Committee            Committee           Committee*   Environment Committee
                Rob Sindel
                Brian Lowe
                Abi Cleland
                Tom Gorman
                Sam Lewis
                Jeremy Sutcliffe
                Michael Fraser

                    Chair     Member * All Nomination Committee matters were dealt with by the full Board during the financial year.




               32                                                                                                                      ORORA LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                                                                                                       skills and experience of the Board as
                                                                                                                       referred to in the Board skills matrix. The




For personal use only
                                                                                                                       Committee identifies potential candidates,
                                                                                                                       with advice from an external third party
                    Audit, Risk & Compliance Committee               Executive Committee                               where appropriate. The Board then
                    The Committee Charter provides that all          The Executive Committee deals with                appoints the most suitable candidate.
                    members of the Committee must be                 matters referred to it by the Board or with       Board appointees must stand for election
                    Non-Executive Directors, the majority of         urgent matters that may not be deferred           at the next Annual General Meeting of
                    whom are independent, and the Chair              until the next meeting of the Board. A            shareholders following their appointment.
                    cannot be the Chair of the Board. At least       majority of the Committee members must            The Committee also makes
                    one member of the Committee must be a            be independent. Current members,                  recommendations to the Board and
                    qualified accountant or other finance            including Chair, of the Committee are             oversees implementation of the procedure
                    professional with relevant experience of         shown in this Statement and in the Board          for evaluating the performance of the
                    financial and accounting matters. Current        of Directors section of the 2022 Annual           Board, the Board Committees and each
                    members including Chair of the Committee         Report.                                           Non-Executive Director, and also oversees
                    are shown in this Statement and in the                                                             and makes recommendations to the Board
                    Board of Directors section of the 2022                                                             in respect of any ongoing training
                    Annual Report. Michael Fraser was                                                                  requirements for Directors. The Committee
                    appointed as a member of the Committee                                                             comprises three Independent Non-
                    on 1 April 2022.                                                                                   Executive Directors, and the Chair of the
                                                                     Human Resources Committee
                    The Committee assists the Board in                                                                 Board is the Chair of the Committee.
                    fulfilling its responsibility for oversight of   The Human Resources Committee assists             Current members of the Committee are
                    the quality and integrity of the accounting,     the Board in fulfilling its responsibilities to   shown in this Statement and in the Board
                    auditing and financial reporting of the          shareholders and regulators in relation to        of Directors section of the 2022 Annual
                    Company, the Company’s compliance with           the Company’s people and culture policies         Report.
                    legal and regulatory requirements and            and practices, including overseeing CEO
                                                                     and senior executive remuneration and             Committee members are not involved in
                    operations, effectiveness of the enterprise                                                        making recommendations to the Board in
                    risk framework, including monitoring risk        performance.
                                                                                                                       respect of themselves. All Committee
                    parameters, of the Company, the                  All members of the Committee are required         matters were dealt with by the full Board
                    Company’s systems of internal control and        to be Non-Executive and Independent               during the reporting period and
                    its risk management framework (for               Directors. The Committee reviews the              consequently there was no separate
                    financial and non-financial risks), including    remuneration of the CEO and other senior          meeting of the Committee.
                    elevated, new or emerging risks, and such        executives, taking advice from external
                    other duties as directed by the Board. The       advisors where appropriate. No individual is
                    Committee Charter provides that the              directly involved in deciding their own
                    Committee has the authority and resources        remuneration.
                    necessary to discharge its duties and
                    responsibilities, including meeting with the     Current members of the Committee,                 Safety, Sustainability &
                    internal and/or external auditors without        including the Chair, are shown in this
                                                                     Statement and in the Board of Directors           Environment Committee
                    management present.
                                                                     section of the 2022 Annual Report. Michael        The Safety, Sustainability and Environment
                    The Committee approves the appointment,          Fraser was appointed as a member of the           Committee provides advice and assistance
                    or dismissal, of the head of the Company’s       Committee on 1 April 2022. The CEO is not         to the Board in reviewing and
                    internal audit function. The head of the         a member of this Committee, but attends           recommending to the Board for approval,
                    internal audit function provides regular         meetings by invitation, other than for            appropriate Safety and Sustainability goals
                    reports directly to the Committee.               matters relating to his own remuneration.         and objectives, and monitoring the
                    The Committee is responsible for the                                                               decisions and actions of management. This
                                                                     The Committee meets at least quarterly            includes upholding the Company’s
                    appointment, compensation, retention and         and as otherwise required.
                    oversight of the external auditor, including                                                       commitment as a signatory to the United
                    its independence, and review of any non-                                                           Nations Global Compact (UNGC).
                    audit services provided by the external                                                            All members of the Committee are required
                    auditor. The Committee’s policy is to                                                              to be Non-Executive and Independent
                    review the performance of the external                                                             Directors. Current members of the
                    auditor regularly regarding quality, costs       Nomination Committee                              Committee, including the Chair, are shown
                    and independence. In discharging its role,                                                         in this Statement and in the Board of
                                                                     The Nomination Committee oversees the
                    the Committee is empowered to                                                                      Directors section of the 2022 Annual
                                                                     nomination and succession planning
                    investigate any matter brought to its                                                              Report.
                                                                     processes for Directors, and reviewing or
                    attention.
                                                                     making recommendations to the Board on            The Committee meets at least quarterly
                    The internal and external auditors, the CEO      matters which the Committee considers             and as otherwise required.
                    and the CFO are invited to the Committee         necessary, or are requested by the Board.
                    meetings at the discretion of the                                                                  Attendance at Board and Committee
                                                                     When a vacancy in the position of Non-
                    Committee Chair.
                                                                     Executive Director exists or there is a need      meetings during the reporting period
                    The Committee is required under its              for particular skills, the Committee, in
                                                                                                                       Details of Director attendance at Board
                    Charter to meet at least quarterly and           consultation with the Board, determines
                                                                                                                       and Committee meetings held during the
                    otherwise as necessary.                          the selection criteria based on the skills
                                                                                                                       financial year are provided in the Directors’
                                                                     deemed necessary, having regard to the
                                                                                                                       report.

                    ORORA LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022                                                                                                             33
               Corporate Governance
               Statement



               Sustainability                                  The policies cover expectations on a broad
                                                               range of issues, including environmental
                                                                                                              Trading of securities during a blackout
                                                                                                              period can only occur in exceptional




For personal use only
               Orora’s sustainability approach is framed       management, health and safety, human           circumstances and with the approval of the
               by its obligations as a signatory to the        rights, community engagement, political        Company Secretary or, in some
               UNGC, matters of utmost importance to           donations and participation, use of            circumstances, the Chair.
               key stakeholders and legal requirements.        information and its security, market
                                                               disclosure, fraud, bribery, corruption and     The Directors and executive team are
               The pillars that form Orora’s redefined                                                        required to certify their compliance with
                                                               the avoidance of conflicts of interest.
               sustainability program are Circular                                                            the policy at the end of each financial year.
               Economy, Climate Change and Community.          Team members and other third parties           The policy prohibits Directors, team
                                                               (including suppliers) can report reasonably    members and certain associates from
               The Sustainability section of the 2022
                                                               suspected misconduct or an improper            engaging in hedging arrangements over
               Annual Report explains Orora’s
                                                               state of affairs or circumstances within the   unvested securities issued pursuant to any
               sustainability governance and reporting,
                                                               Company, including unethical/illegal           employee option or share plans and certain
               how business-wide processes support
                                                               behaviour, coercion, harassment or             vested securities that are subject to the
               Orora’s sustainability objectives, how the
                                                               discrimination, fraud or corrupt practices,    Minimum Shareholding Policy. The Share
               most important sustainability issues are
                                                               or workplace safety or environmental           Trading Policy meets the requirements of
               managed, and the progress made during
                                                               hazards through eligible recipients noted in   the ASX Listing Rules on trading policies
               FY22. The Principal Risks section of the
                                                               the Company’s Whistleblower Policy,            and is available on Orora’s website.
               2022 Annual Report lists Orora’s current
                                                               including anonymously through an
               strategic risks, including exposure to social
                                                               independent third-party integrity reporting    Other policies
               and environmental risks, and outlines
                                                               service. The Whistleblower Policy
               strategies to respond to identified                                                            The Company has a number of other
                                                               emphasises that Orora will not tolerate
               exposures.                                      anyone being discouraged from speaking         governance policies which outline
                                                                                                              expected standards of behaviour of
                                                               up or being adversely affected because
               Acting ethically and                            they have reported misconduct in
                                                                                                              Directors and team members which are
                                                                                                              available on Orora’s website.
                                                               accordance with the policy. These policies
               responsibly                                     are available on Orora’s website.
                                                                                                              Human Rights due diligence
               Code of Conduct and Ethics                      Material breaches of the Code and the Anti-
                                                                                                              Orora is committed to our people, and the
               Orora recognises the importance of              Bribery and Anti-Corruption Policy, and
                                                                                                              protection of human rights. All forms of
               honesty, integrity and fairness in              reports of incidents under the
                                                                                                              slavery in our operations and the
               conducting its business, and is committed       Whistleblower Policy, are reported to the
                                                                                                              operations of our suppliers are opposed.
               to increasing shareholder value in              Board through the Audit, Risk &
                                                                                                              Orora’s human rights commitments and
               conjunction with fulfilling its                 Compliance, or the Human Resources
                                                                                                              initiatives can be found in the
               responsibilities as a good corporate citizen.   Committee, and the program is periodically
                                                                                                              Sustainability section of the 2022 Annual
               All Directors, managers and team members        reviewed for its effectiveness and
                                                                                                              Report, in our FY21 Modern Slavery
               are expected to act lawfully and with the       promoted to team members across Orora.
                                                                                                              Statement and on Orora’s website under
               utmost integrity and objectivity, striving at                                                  the ‘Sustainability’ section.
                                                               The Company’s Supplier Code of Conduct
               all times to enhance the reputation and
                                                               and Ethics Policy (Supplier Code) sets out
               performance of the Company.
                                                               the expectations of Orora’s suppliers and      Compliance training
               Orora continually assesses and upgrades         applies to all suppliers, including all
                                                                                                              Orora has a compliance training program in
               its policies and procedures to ensure           organisations and sub-contractors
                                                                                                              place which is completed by team
               compliance with corporate governance            providing goods and services to Orora,
                                                                                                              members. This program supports the
               requirements.                                   globally. The Supplier Code is available on
                                                                                                              principles set out in the Code and other
                                                               Orora’s website.
                                                                                                              applicable policies. Orora also has a
               Code of Conduct and Ethics,                                                                    comprehensive competition/anti-trust
               Anti-Bribery and Anti-Corruption                Trading in Company securities                  compliance training program.
               and Whistleblower policies and                  Orora has a Share Trading Policy that
                                                                                                              There are also numerous activities and
               procedures                                      outlines insider trading laws and prohibits
                                                                                                              compliance programs across the Company
                                                               Directors, team members and certain
               Orora’s Code of Conduct and Ethics Policy                                                      designed to promote and encourage the
                                                               associates from trading in Orora’s
               (Code) and values set the standards we                                                         responsibility and accountability of
                                                               securities during specified ‘blackout
               expect of our people. It represents Orora’s                                                    individuals for reporting inappropriate or
                                                               periods’.
               commitment to act ethically, lawfully and                                                      unethical practices.
               responsibly.                                    The blackout periods are the period from
                                                               the close of trading on 31 December each
               The Code emphasises a strong culture of         year until after the announcement to the
               integrity and ethical conduct in association    ASX of the Company’s half-year results, the
               with independent Anti-Bribery and Anti-         period from the close of trading on 30 June
               Corruption and Whistleblower policies.          each year until after the announcement of
                                                               the Company’s full-year results and any
                                                               other period that the Board specifies from
                                                               time to time.




               34                                                                                                       ORORA LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                    Diversity, equity                          Female representation at each executive level
                    & inclusion




For personal use only
                                                                 %

                    Orora’s major centres of operation,         45
                    in Australia, New Zealand and North         40
                    America, are in some of the most
                                                                                                                     39                   39
                    demographically diverse countries.          35                                                                                              37
                                                                                                                                                   36                   35
                    Orora is committed to developing an
                                                                30                 33                                         32
                    inclusive and respectful work
                    environment to optimise diversity                      29*
                                                                25
                    of thought and background. Bringing
                    together people with different              20
                    backgrounds and ways of thinking is
                                                                 15                             17      17
                    a powerful source of competitive
                    advantage in driving better decision         10
                    making, innovation and growth.
                                                                  5
                    Orora’s Diversity, Equity and Inclusion
                    Policy, available on Orora’s website,         0
                    recognises the positive differences                      Board                CEO 1                 CEO 2                CEO 3                 Total
                    each team member brings to the                         FY22      FY21
                    business and how Orora team
                    members can connect and work
                                                               *In April 2022 the number of Directors increased from six to seven as a temporary measure to facilitate Board
                    together to capture the benefits           transition.
                    of these differences.
                    Each year Orora reports Gender
                    Equality Indicators in accordance with     FY22 measurable objectives approved by the Board
                    the Workplace Gender Equality Act
                                                               FY22 measurable objective             Progress (as at 30 June 2022)
                    2012 (Cth). Our FY22 submission can
                    be viewed at the website of the            Maintaining not less than 30%         29% female and 71% male Directors, which reflects the
                    Workplace Gender Equality Agency.          of each gender in the                 temporary increased number of Directors from six to seven on
                                                               composition of Orora’s Board          Michael Fraser’s appointment in April 2022. The retirement of
                    During the reporting period, the                                                 Jeremy Sutcliffe as a Non-Executive Director effective 31 August
                    proportion of Orora’s workforce                                                  2022 will once again result in female Directors representing
                    currently represented by women in                                                33% of the Board’s composition.
                    leadership roles is set out in the
                                                               Ensuring that Orora continues 37% (234 new females have been recruited across all of Orora in
                    chart on this page.
                                                               to employ greater than 30%       the past 12 months).
                    Further information relating to Orora’s    female of all external new hires
                    Diversity, Equity and Inclusion focus      Ensuring that Orora identifies        Orora continues to ensure that female talent candidates are
                    and initiatives is included in the         and attracts female talent for        included in Board and senior management succession planning
                    Sustainability section of the 2022         Board and senior management           and vacancies – progress is always within the context of hiring
                    Annual Report.                             vacancies                             the best talent available.
                                                               Supported by:
                    Measurable objectives
                    and progress                               The development of women              Orora continues to support development of women into
                                                               into leadership roles, including      leadership roles and invest in female talent with the WILO
                    Each year the Board approves               through the Women in                  program running for the sixth consecutive year in 2022. Ongoing
                    measurable objectives for diversity,       Leadership at Orora (WILO)            talent reviews for the WILO graduates have been introduced to
                    equity and inclusion and monitors          program                               support continuous development.
                    progress towards achieving them. The
                    measurable objectives for FY22 remain      Using an objective process in         A role-based remuneration structure is being established to
                    unchanged from FY21. The FY22              valuing roles and setting             reduce unconscious bias during remuneration decision making.
                                                               comparative male and female           Gender pay equity reviews have been introduced at various
                    progress towards achieving these
                                                               remuneration for salaried             stages of the remuneration cycle, including during annual
                    objectives is outlined on this page.
                                                               positions                             remuneration review and incentive outcome assessments.
                    Orora will also progressively add more
                                                               Promoting holistic working            Orora continues to prioritise employee health and wellbeing.
                    diversity, equity and inclusion goals as
                                                               practices, including, but not         An ongoing flexible working approach has been introduced at
                    part of its redefined sustainability       limited to, continuing to offer
                    program.                                                                         Orora where team members are able to choose between a full
                                                               the employee assistance               five days in the office or, alternately, adopt a hybrid working
                                                               program and supporting flexible       model between the office and remote working subject to
                                                               working arrangements, where           business, team and individual needs.
                                                               practicable




                    ORORA LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022                                                                                                                           35
               Corporate Governance
               Statement




For personal use only
               Remuneration                                     The Audit, Risk & Compliance Committee
                                                                reviews the Company’s risk management
                                                                                                               Assurance
               Details of Orora’s remuneration policies,                                                       The Board is responsible for oversight of
                                                                framework on a regular basis to ensure that
               practices and performance reviews and                                                           the effectiveness of the Company’s internal
                                                                it continues to be sound. The framework
               outcomes, and the remuneration paid to                                                          control environment, with input and
                                                                was reviewed during the reporting period. It
               Directors (Executive and Non-Executive)                                                         recommendation from the Audit, Risk &
                                                                remains fit for purpose and will be reviewed
               and key management personnel are set out                                                        Compliance Committee.
                                                                on an ongoing basis for continuous
               in the Remuneration Report section of the        improvement opportunities.                     The Board’s policies on internal control
               2022 Annual Report. Non-Executive                                                               governance are comprehensive, as noted
               Directors receive no incentive payments          Several layers assist the Board in ensuring
                                                                                                               earlier in this Statement, and include
               and there are no retirement benefit              the appropriate focus is placed on the risk
                                                                                                               clearly drawn lines of accountability and
               schemes in place.                                management framework:
                                                                                                               delegation of authority, as well as
               Shareholders will be invited to consider and     •   Audit, Risk & Compliance Committee —       adherence to the Code.
               adopt the Remuneration Report at the                 provides assistance and advice to the
                                                                                                               In order to effectively discharge these
               2022 Annual General Meeting.                         Board in fulfilling its responsibility
                                                                                                               responsibilities, the Company has a
                                                                    relating to the Company’s financial
                                                                                                               number of assurance functions (including
                                                                    reporting, internal control structure,
               Risk management                                      risk management systems, including
                                                                                                               internal and external audit) to
                                                                                                               independently review the control
               and assurance                                        the risk management framework, and
                                                                    the internal and external audit
                                                                                                               environment and provide regular reports to
               The Company understands and recognises                                                          the Board, the Audit, Risk & Compliance
                                                                    functions.
               that rigorous risk and opportunity                                                              Committee and management committees.
                                                                •   Safety, Sustainability & Environment       These reports and associated
               management is essential for corporate                Committee — provides assistance and
               stability and for sustaining its competitive                                                    recommendations are considered and
                                                                    advice to the Board on the                 acted upon to maintain or strengthen the
               market position and long-term                        management of the Company’s safety,
               performance.                                                                                    control environment.
                                                                    sustainability and environment goals,
                                                                    objectives, legal responsibilities and     Financial reporting
               Risk management                                      monitoring the decisions and actions of
               The Board is responsible for overseeing the          management in upholding the                The Audit, Risk & Compliance Committee
               risk management framework, internal                  Company’s commitment as a signatory        assists the Board in fulfilling its
               controls and systems for monitoring legal            to the UNGC and achieving the              responsibilities in overseeing Orora’s
               and ethical compliance. The Board sets the           Company’s goal to be a sustainable         processes which ensure the quality and
               risk appetite and considers Orora’s risk             organisation.                              integrity of financial statements and
               profile on a regular basis to ensure it                                                         reporting, compliance with legal and
                                                                •   Human Resources Committee —
               supports the achievement of Orora’s                                                             regulatory requirements, and reviewing
                                                                    provides assistance and advice to the
               strategic and business goals.                                                                   material changes in accounting or reporting
                                                                    Board on the Company’s people, culture
                                                                                                               requirements and assessing subsequent
                                                                    and remuneration policies and
               The Principal Risks section of the 2022                                                         effects on Orora’s policies and practices.
                                                                    practices as well as the Company’s
               Annual Report lists the current strategic            involvement in the communities in
               risks, including Orora’s exposure to social                                                     Before approving the financial statements
                                                                    which it operates.                         for each half year and full year, the Board
               and environmental risks, and outlines our
               strategies to respond to identified              •   Executive Team — senior executives         receives a declaration from the CEO and
               exposures.                                           have responsibility for driving and        CFO stating that:
                                                                    supporting risk management across          •   in their opinion, the Company’s
               Orora’s approach to managing the                     the Orora Group. Each business group           financial records have been properly
               sustainability aspects of strategic and              within the Company then has                    maintained and that they comply with
               operational risks is set out in further detail       responsibility for implementing this           the relevant accounting standards and
               in the Sustainability section of the 2022            approach and adapting it, as                   give a true and fair view in all material
               Annual Report.                                       appropriate, to its own circumstances.         respects of the Company’s financial
               The Company has implemented an                                                                      position and performance; and
                                                                Orora’s Continuous Disclosure Committee
               enterprise risk management (ERM)                                                                •   the opinion has been formed based on
                                                                has responsibility for assessing any
               framework that incorporates the principles                                                          a sound system of risk management
                                                                potential material risk to Orora and any
               of effective risk management, as set out in                                                         and internal control which is operating
                                                                consequent need for market disclosure.
               the Global Risk Management Standard                                                                 effectively.
               ISO 31000. ERM seeks to apply risk
               management across the entire
               organisation and it does this so that
               all material risks (both financial and non-
               financial) can be identified, assessed and
               managed.


               36                                                                                                        ORORA LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022
For personal use only
                    Verification of corporate reports              stakeholders and supports management to        periodic communications and a range of
                                                                   engage with key stakeholders to                forums and publications, available on the
                    The Company completes a documented
                                                                   understand, consider and respond to            Company’s website.
                    internal verification process of corporate
                                                                   issues.
                    reports that the Company releases to the                                                      Other shareholder engagement activities
                    market, including those that are not           Orora is committed to keeping the market       include:
                    audited or reviewed by the external auditor.   informed in a timely manner and complying
                                                                   with its continuous disclosure obligations.    •   Encouraging shareholders to
                    The Company’s annual and half-year                                                                participate in general meetings,
                    financial statements are underpinned by a                                                         including the AGM, by attending
                    Group-wide certification process where         Continuous disclosure and                          exercising voting rights and asking
                    each executive and chief financial officer     communications                                     questions of the Board. Orora conducts
                    for each business responds to set              Orora’s Market Disclosure and                      all voting at general meetings by a poll,
                    questionnaires and signs a certification.      Communications Policy is available on              ensuring that voting outcomes reflect
                    This process provides verification and         Orora’s website and details the Company’s          the proportionate holdings of all
                    approval for the CEO and CFO to then           procedures to ensure compliance with               shareholders who vote (whether in
                    provide a signed representation letter to      applicable legal and regulatory                    person or by proxy or other
                    the external auditor and a signed              requirements under the Corporations Act            representative). The Company’s
                    declaration to the Board that supports that    and the ASX Listing Rules. The Policy is           external auditor will attend the AGM
                    the accounts provide a true and fair view,     approved by the Board and is reviewed              and will be available to answer
                    that there is integrity in the statements,     regularly to ensure compliance with the            questions from shareholders on the
                    and that the financial statements comply       ASX Listing Rules and guidance on                  conduct of the audit.
                    with the Corporations Act 2001 and             continuous disclosure. It applies to all       •   Participating in Orora’s investor
                    relevant accounting standards. The CEO         Directors and Orora team members. Its              relations program, which includes
                    and CFO are both present for Board             purpose is to ensure:                              investor roadshows and ad-hoc
                    discussions relating to financial                                                                 investor meetings and conference calls
                    statements, and the Audit, Risk &              •   Compliance with legal obligations to
                                                                       identify and keep the market fully             with institutional investors, private
                    Compliance Committee has private                                                                  investors and sell-side analysts.
                    sessions with the external auditor to              informed of material information.
                    discuss any issues or concerns without         •   That access to this material               •   Engagement with proxy advisors,
                    management before recommending the                 information is protected and controlled        investor representative organisations
                    Board approves the release of financial            until such material information is             and the Australian Shareholders
                    statements to the market. The certification        announced to the market.                       Association.
                    process is reviewed annually having regard     •   Orora meets its disclosure obligations.    •   Providing through the Company’s
                    to any changes in the Corporations Act                                                            website up-to-date information about
                                                                   •   That investors are provided with equal
                    2001, accounting standards or governance.                                                         the Company and its operations, the
                                                                       and timely access to material
                                                                                                                      Corporate Governance Framework, the
                    For other types of periodic corporate              information.
                                                                                                                      Board and management, ASX
                    reports (including the annual Directors’                                                          announcements, the share price,
                    Report, annual Modern Slavery Statement        Orora’s Continuous Disclosure Committee
                                                                                                                      dividend distributions and other
                    and this Statement), the Company               meets as required, and often on very short
                                                                                                                      relevant information. Information about
                    conducts an internal review and                notice, to ensure compliance with
                                                                                                                      Orora is also communicated through a
                    verification process to ensure that such       disclosure requirements. The CEO approves
                                                                                                                      range of other channels, such as
                    reports are materially accurate, balanced      all disclosures before they are released.
                                                                                                                      Twitter and LinkedIn.
                    and provide investors with appropriate         The Board approves all disclosures that
                                                                   are significant and Directors receive a copy   •   Giving shareholders the option to
                    information before approval by the Board
                                                                   of all ASX disclosures promptly following          receive communications from, and
                    and release to the market. External advice
                                                                   release. The Company Secretary is                  send communications to, Orora and its
                    is obtained as required.
                                                                   responsible for communications with                share registry electronically.
                                                                   the ASX.
                    Engagement with
                    shareholders and                               Shareholder engagement
                    other stakeholders                             Orora is committed to providing
                                                                   shareholders and other financial market
                    Orora has a number of stakeholders             participants with consistent and
                    including shareholders, employees,             transparent corporate reporting, as well as
                    customers, suppliers and local                 timely and accurate disclosures.
                    communities. The Board identifies and
                    prioritises Orora’s key stakeholders,          Shareholders and other stakeholders are
                    develops a strategy for engagement with        informed of all material matters affecting
                                                                   the Company through ASX announcements,



                    ORORA LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022                                                                                                        37
               Principal
               risks
               Orora actively manages a range of principal risks and uncertainties with the potential to have a material impact on the Orora Group and
               its ability to achieve its strategic and business objectives. While every effort is made to identify and manage material risks, additional




For personal use only
               risks not currently known or detailed below may also adversely affect future performance. Orora’s principal risks are outlined below in no
               particular order.

                Area of Materiality      Risk                                                         Mitigation and Monitoring Strategies

                Workplace safety         Workplace safety and health events may have the              Orora’s commitment to keeping people safe and healthy is paramount and
                and health               potential to adversely affect Orora’s team members and       is a core value. Orora’s senior leadership team and Board are focused on
                                         operations.                                                  enhancing Orora's safety culture and performance, and regularly review
                                                                                                      safety performance and improvement strategies and activities across the
                                                                                                      business, including training. Further information regarding Orora’s
                                                                                                      commitment to safety and health and response to COVID-19 is set out in
                                                                                                      the Sustainability section of this Report.

                Business interruption    Orora operates numerous sites across a number of             Orora undertakes business continuity and disaster preparedness planning
                and disruption           countries. Circumstances such as natural disaster,           for strategically important sites and functions. This includes continuously
                                         pandemic, cyber breaches, operational failure or             monitoring and, as appropriate, enhancing information security capabilities
                (including cyber risk)   industrial disruption may occur, which may preclude key      to keep pace with the evolving nature and sophistication of cyber threats.
                                         sites from operating. In these circumstances,                Orora’s Information Security team, established in December 2018,
                                         operational and financial performance may be                 continues to enhance Orora’s ability to prevent, detect and respond to
                                         negatively impacted.                                         cyber attacks both through implementing new tools and a cyber
                                                                                                      awareness program to all team members. Orora has suitable cyber
                                                                                                      insurance coverage in place.
                                                                                                      Orora’s business continuity processes including safety, supply chain,
                                                                                                      talent and customer preferences have proven to be effective in responding
                                                                                                      to the COVID-19 pandemic.
                                                                                                      Orora also engages in continuous identification, review and mitigation of
                                                                                                      property risks, as well as independent loss prevention audits and has a
                                                                                                      suitable insurance program in place. Insurances are reviewed annually.
                Economic conditions      Orora is susceptible to major changes in macro-              Orora seeks to mitigate the severity of impact that deterioration in
                                         economic conditions globally or in a single country,         macro-economic conditions may have by:
                                         region or market. Sudden and/or prolonged deterioration
                                                                                                      •   operating businesses that have a broad spread of geographic
                                         in the economy may impact the value chain or
                                         industries on which Orora is dependent and could have            locations, raw material inputs and customers servicing a number of
                                         a material negative impact on operational and financial          end-markets
                                         performance.                                                 •   deploying an operating model that focuses on continually improving
                                                                                                          the value proposition to customers
                                                                                                      •   creating and maintaining a high-performance culture
                                                                                                      •    remaining disciplined in cash and cost management
                                                                                                      •    continuing to invest in manufacturing capabilities and innovation to
                                                                                                           improve cost positions.
                Competition              Orora operates in highly competitive markets with            Orora is well placed to leverage both its regional experience and insight,
                                         varying barriers to entry, industry structures and           and its international footprint and scale, to deliver new ideas and value
                                         competitor motivational patterns. The actions of             propositions to customers to gain competitive advantage. Orora also
                                         established, new or potential competitors may have a         continuously focuses on quality and innovation as a source of competitive
                                         negative impact on financial performance.                    advantage.


                Supply chain             Disruption to Orora’s supply chain caused by an              Orora’s approach to supply chain risk management is multi-faceted and
                                         interruption to the availability of key components, raw      includes:
                                         materials, energy supply, or cost-effective
                                         transportation may adversely impact delivery timelines       •   implementing a multi-sourcing strategy for the supply of raw
                                         for capex projects, sales and/or customer relations,             materials
                                         resulting in unexpected delays or increased costs.           •   customer contracts that provide for regular and timely pass-through
                                         Orora’s businesses are sensitive to input price risks,           of movements in raw material input costs
                                         specifically energy and other commodities, in various        •   input pricing strategies including active monitoring of input prices
                                         forms and with varying degrees of impact. Although
                                         Orora seeks to mitigate these risks through various          •   supplier due diligence and risk management including a supplier
                                         input pricing strategies and pass-through mechanisms,            assurance framework and code of conduct
                                         there is no guarantee that Orora will be able to manage      •   a focus on innovation in sustainable energy sourcing and pricing
                                         all future energy and commodity price movements.                 including entering long-term renewable energy power purchase
                                         Failure to do so may adversely affect Orora’s operations
                                                                                                          agreements.
                                         and financial performance.
                Talent                   Orora’s operating and financial performance is largely       Orora’s strategic Human Resources (HR) priorities aim to create an
                                         dependent on its ability to attract and retain talent and,   inclusive culture that optimises diversity of background and thought, by
                                         in particular, key personnel. Any loss of key personnel      attracting and retaining the best talent in the market. Orora continues to
                                         could adversely affect operating and financial               invest in a high performance culture, is encouraged by setting challenging
                                         performance.                                                 objectives and rewarding high performers, while succession planning is
                                                                                                      undertaken to develop leadership talent. Orora believes this strategic
                                                                                                      approach to HR management provides a tangible source of competitive
                                                                                                      advantage.
                                                                                                      Remuneration is competitive in the relevant employment markets to
                                                                                                      attract, motivate and retain talent, and is aligned with business outcomes
                                                                                                      that deliver value to shareholders.




               38                                                                                                                          ORORA LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                    Principal
                    risks



                        Area of Materiality   Risk                                                           Mitigation and Monitoring Strategies
                                                                                                             Orora is committed to achieving its goals under the redefined pillars that




For personal use only
                        Sustainability,       The physical and non-physical impacts of
                                              environmental, social and governance (ESG) risks,              form its sustainability program – Circular Economy, Climate Change and
                        including climate
                                              including climate change, may affect Orora’s licence to        Community. The Sustainability section of this Annual Report summarises
                        change                operate, assets and productivity. Climate change may           the Company’s focus, goals and initiatives for these three pillars to deliver
                                              present risks arising from extreme weather events              Orora’s ‘Promise to the Future’. Further sustainability activities and
                                              affecting business operations and certain customer             disclosures are, and will progressively be made available, on Orora’s
                                              segments, which could impact the future profitability          website under the ‘Sustainability’ section. ESG risks to and opportunities
                                              and viability of Orora.                                        for Orora are continually assessed, and activity is overseen by the Board,
                                                                                                             the Safety, Sustainability & Environment Committee, and the Executive
                                              Climate change may also present transition risks which
                                              may include but are not limited to changes in the              Leadership team, with regular updates and recommendations provided to
                                                                                                             the Board.
                                              market, regulatory environment, technology, and
                                              customer preferences, which could also impact the              In addition, Orora continuously reviews operating and capital expenditure
                                              future profitability and viability of Orora.                   plans to mitigate its ESG and customer risk, and operating businesses that
                                                                                                             have a broad geographic spread and customers serving a number of end
                                                                                                             markets.

                        Customers             Orora has strong relationships with key customers for          The key to mitigating customer risk is Orora’s commitment to being the
                        and consumer          the supply of packaging and Point of Purchase products         industry-leading customer-focused sustainable packaging solutions
                                              and related services. These relationships are critical to      company. This is embedded in Orora’s promise to its customers.
                        preferences
                                              Orora’s success. The loss of a key customer, or a              In addition, no single customer generates revenue greater than 10% of
                                              significant quality issue, could have a negative impact        total revenue for the Orora Group.
                                              on financial performance.                                      Orora’s commitment to responsible capital investment linked to
                                              Changes in consumer preferences may result in some             contracted customer demand, innovation, and its strong relationships with
                                              of Orora’s existing product range becoming obsolete or         its customers, seeks to address evolving consumer preferences.
                                              new products not meeting sales and margin                      Orora continuously reviews operating and capital expenditure plans to
                                              expectations.                                                  mitigate customer risk or changing consumer preferences.
                                              Consumer preferences may be influenced by regulation
                                              change and environmental risk, including climate risk
                                              (both of these risks are separately listed in this Principal
                                              Risks section).
                        Capital               Orora is increasing expenditure on capital works in            Orora seek to mitigate these risks through a variety of measures including:
                        investments           response to increasing customer demands for our
                                              products, and an ongoing commitment to invest in the
                                                                                                             •   linking capital investments to contracted demand
                                              upgrade of our plant and equipment. There is a risk that       •   due diligence throughout procurement and tender processes
                                              the returns on these investments may vary if customer          •   project oversight through steering and governance committees
                                              requirements materially change or there is substantial
                                                                                                             •   an ongoing focus on supply chain issues
                                              delay in the delivery of plant or equipment.
                                                                                                             •   management of project risk in accordance with our Enterprise
                                                                                                                 Risk Management Framework.
                        Mergers &             Orora’s growth opportunities are dependent, in part, on        The Group has an established M&A framework that imposes rigour in target
                        Acquisitions (M&A)    disciplined selection and successful integration of            selection, approval, due diligence, integration planning and post-
                                              acquisition targets that are consistent with the Group’s       acquisition value capture. In addition, Orora’s management team possess
                                              strategy. Failure to be disciplined in selection, effective    experience in undertaking M&A activity and executing the integration
                                              at integration or focused on capturing value could             process. Where deemed necessary, the Group will utilise the services of
                                              impact operations and have adverse consequences for            external advisors to supplement internal resourcing to successfully
                                              the achievement of expected financial benefits.                execute and integrate acquisitions.

                        Country and           Orora predominantly operates in Australia, New Zealand         Orora continually monitors changes or proposed changes in regulatory
                        regulatory risk       and the United States under a broad range of legal,            regimes that may have an impact on Orora and, where appropriate,
                                              accounting, tax, regulatory (including environmental)          engages consultants and advisors to address specific issues. Where
                                              and political systems. The profitability of Orora’s            possible, Orora appoints local management teams that bring a strong
                                              operations may be adversely impacted by changes in             understanding of the local operating environment and strong customer
                                              fiscal or regulatory regimes including tax policies,           relationships. Orora also has a global compliance training program and its
                                              difficulties in interpreting or complying with the local       business leaders regularly review country and regulatory risk.
                                              laws of the countries in which Orora operates and              Orora’s tax affairs are governed by a tax risk framework that is approved,
                                              reversal of current political, judicial or administrative      reviewed and reported against by the Audit, Risk & Compliance Committee
                                              policies, including as a result of geopolitical tensions.      of the Board. Tax risks are actively monitored and managed.
                                              Orora’s customers, many of which operate across a
                                              broad range of countries, are subject to regulatory risk
                                              in various jurisdictions, which may have an impact on
                                              their operations and consequently Orora’s operations.
                        Litigation            As is the case with all organisations, Orora is exposed to     Orora takes legal advice in respect of such claims and, where relevant,
                                              potential legal and other claims or disputes in the            makes provisions and disclosure regarding such claims in its financial
                                              ordinary course of business, including contractual             statements. There are no current undisclosed claims or disputes of a
                                              disputes and other claims.                                     material nature.



                        Financial and         Orora faces a variety of risks arising from the                Orora’s Treasury function adopts a financial risk management policy
                        treasury              unpredictability of financial markets, including the cost      approved by the Board. Appropriate commercial terms are negotiated and
                                              and availability of funds to meet its business needs and       derivative financial instruments are used, such as foreign exchange
                                              movements in market risks, such as interest rates,             contracts, commodity contracts and interest rate swaps, to hedge these
                                              foreign exchange rates and commodity prices.                   risk exposures. In addition, liquidity requirements are managed by, where
                                                                                                             possible, proportionally drawing down debt in currencies that align with
                                                                                                             the proportion of assets in those same currencies, thereby creating a
                                                                                                             natural hedge.




                    ORORA LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022                                                                                                                                      39
               Board of Directors




For personal use only
               Rob Sindel                           Brian Lowe                          Abi Cleland                         Michael Fraser
               (BEng, MBA, GAICD, FIEAust, CPEng)   (MBA)                               (BA, BCom, MBA, GAICD)              (BCom FCPA MAICD)
               Independent Non-Executive            Managing Director and               Independent Non-Executive           Independent Non-Executive
               Director and Chair                   Chief Executive Officer             Director                            Director
               Rob Sindel has extensive             Prior to Orora, Brian Lowe          Abi Cleland has extensive global    Michael Fraser has a wealth
               experience obtained from             spent eight years with Delphi       experience in strategy, M&A,        of experience, following a
               executive management and             Technologies where he was           digital and running businesses.     30-year career at AGL Energy
               leadership positions, principally    Managing Director of the Asia       This has been gained from           where he held various senior
               from his 30-year career in the       Pacific Powertrain business,        senior executive roles in the       management positions in sales
               construction and manufacturing       including five years based in       industrial, retail, agriculture     and marketing, distribution,
               industries both in Australia and     Shanghai. This followed a           and financial services sectors,     corporate services and
               the United Kingdom. Rob has          10-year career at General           including with ANZ, Amcor,          regulatory management.
               particular insights in sales and     Electric (GE), where he held        Incitec Pivot and as Managing       Michael was formerly the
               marketing, in B2B environments,      various leadership roles in sales   Director of 333 Management,         Managing Director and Chief
               process improvement, strategic       and marketing, and supply           after starting her career in        Executive Officer of AGL Energy
               management and operating in          chain. He was Managing Director     Australasia.                        Limited. Michael is currently
               high-risk industries.                of GE Plastics, Australia from                                          Independent Chairman of APA
                                                                                        From 2012 to 2017, Abi
                                                    2001 to 2003.                                                           Group and was until recently,
               Rob was formerly the Managing                                            established and operated an
                                                                                                                            a non-executive director of
               Director and Chief Executive         In his 11 years at Orora, Brian     advisory and management
                                                                                                                            Aurizon Holdings Ltd.
               Officer of CSR Limited from 2011     has been the Group General          business, Absolute Partners,
               until 2019.                          Manager of the Beverage (2011-      focusing on strategy and            Directorships of listed
                                                    2015) and Fibre (2016-2019)         building businesses leveraging      entities and other
               Rob has been a Director of Orora
                                                    businesses. He was appointed        disruptive change for large         directorships and offices
               Limited since March 2019 and
                                                    Managing Director and Chief         corporates and entrepreneurial
               was appointed Chair of the                                                                                   Current:
                                                    Executive Officer of Orora          businesses.
               Board in February 2020.                                                                                      • Independent Chair, APA
                                                    Limited in October 2019.
                                                                                        Abi has been a Director of Orora     Group (since October 2017;
               Directorships of listed
                                                                                        Limited since February 2014.         Independent Director since
               entities and other
                                                    Board Committee membership                                               September 2015)
               directorships and offices                                                Directorships of listed
               Current:                                                                 entities and other                  Recent (last 3 years):
                                                                                        directorships and offices           • Director, Aurizon Holdings Ltd
               • Director, Boral Limited
                 (since September 2020)                                                 Current:                             (February 2016 to February
                                                                                                                             2022)
               • Director, Mirvac Group                                                • Director, Coles Group Ltd
                 (since August 2020)                                                     (since November 2018)
                                                                                        • Director, Computershare           Board Committee membership
               • Member, Yalari NSW
                 Advisory Committee                                                      Limited (since February 2018)
                 (since August 2017)                                                    • Director, Methodist Ladies
                                                                                         College Victoria (since
               Recent (last 3 years):
                                                                                         January 2021)
               • Director, Australian Business
                 and Community Network                                                  Recent (last 3 years):
                 (October 2013 to                                                       • Chair, Planwise Australia
                 November 2019)                                                          (June 2016 to March 2020)
               • Director, Green Building                                                and Director (January 2016 to
                 Council of Australia                                                    March 2020)
                 (September 2013 to                                                     • Director, Swimming Australia
                 November 2019)                                                          (Audit Chair) (July 2015 to
               • Managing Director and Chief                                             June 2021)
                 Executive Officer, CSR Limited                                         • Director, Sydney Airport
                 (January 2011 to                                                        Limited (April 2018 to
                 September 2019)                                                         March 2022)
               • Member, UNSW Australian School
                 of Business Advisory Council                                           Board Committee membership
                 (June 2013 to December 2019)


               Board Committee membership




               40                                                                                                          ORORA LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022
For personal use only
                    Tom Gorman                          Sam Lewis                            Jeremy Sutcliffe                    KEY — Committee Member
                                                                                                                                 (Chair of each Committee indicated
                    (BA, MA, MBA)                       (BA (Hons), CA, ACA, GAICD)          (LLB (Hons))                        by black circle outline)
                    Independent Non-Executive           Independent Non-Executive            Independent Non-Executive
                    Director                            Director                             Director and Deputy Chair                Executive Committee
                    Thomas (Tom) Gorman brings          Samantha (Sam) Lewis is a            Jeremy Sutcliffe has broad
                    a wealth of experience to           chartered accountant with            international corporate                  Nomination Committee
                    Orora, following a 30-year          extensive experience in              experience as CEO of two ASX
                    career in executive positions       accounting, finance, auditing,       Top 100 companies and has
                    at Ford Motor Company and           risk management, corporate           extensive experience with                Safety, Sustainability &
                    Brambles Limited, of which he       governance, capital markets          businesses operating in North            Environment Committee
                    was Chief Executive Officer.        and due diligence. Sam has           America and Europe with diverse
                    Tom has worked in multiple          been a Non-Executive Director        trading relationships in Asia. A         Human Resources Committee
                    functions including finance,        since 2014. Prior to becoming        qualified lawyer in Australia and
                    operations, logistics, marketing    a Non-Executive Director, she        the UK, Jeremy previously held
                                                                                                                                      Audit, Risk & Compliance
                    and business development in         spent 24 years with Deloitte,        positions with Baker McKenzie
                                                                                                                                      Committee
                    England, France, Australia and      including 14 years as a Partner.     in London and Sydney, Sims
                    the United States (where he is a    In that role, she led the audit of   Metal Management Limited and
                    resident).                          a number of major Australian         associated companies (including
                                                        listed companies in the retail,      Group CEO), and Interim
                    Tom graduated cum laude
                                                        FMCG, manufacturing and              Managing Director & CEO of
                    from Tufts University with
                                                        industrial sectors. In addition,     CSR Limited.
                    BA degrees in Economics and
                                                        Sam provided accounting and
                    International Relations, obtained                                        Jeremy has been a Director of
                                                        transactional advisory services
                    an MA from the Fletcher School                                           Orora Limited since December
                                                        including due diligence, IPOs and
                    of Law and Diplomacy, and an                                             2013.
                                                        debt/equity raisings.
                    MBA with distinction from the
                                                                                             Directorships of listed entities
                    Harvard Business School.            Sam holds a Bachelor of Arts,
                                                                                             and other directorships and
                                                        Economics from the University
                    Tom has been a Director of Orora                                         offices
                                                        of Liverpool in the UK, and is
                    Limited since September 2019.
                                                        a member of the Institute of         Current:
                    Directorships of listed             Chartered Accountants in             • Director, Amcor Limited
                    entities and other                  Australia and the Institute           (since October 2009)
                    directorships and offices           of Chartered Accountants in
                                                        England and Wales.                   Recent (last 3 years):
                    Current:
                                                                                             • Member, Advisory Board of
                    • Director, Alcoa Corporation       Sam has been a Director of            Veolia Environmental Services
                        (since May 2021)                Orora Limited since March 2014.       Australia (June 2010 to
                    • Director, Sims Limited            Directorships of listed               December 2018)
                        (since June 2020)               entities and other
                    • Director, Worley Limited          directorships and offices            Board Committee membership
                        (since December 2017)           Current:
                                                        • Chair, APRA Audit and Risk
                    Board Committee membership           Committee (since June 2016)
                                                        • Director, Aurizon Holdings
                                                         Limited (since February 2015)
                                                        • Director, Nine Entertainment
                                                         Co Holdings Limited
                                                         (since March 2017)


                                                        Board Committee membership




                    ORORA LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022                                                                                                             41
               Executive
               Leadership team




For personal use only
               Brian Lowe                        Simon Bromell                    Bob Firenze                       Shaun Hughes
               (MBA)                             (BSc, GDip Agribus, GAICD)       (BA)                              (BComm, BA, GAICD, CA ANZ)
               Managing Director and             Group General Manager,           President, Orora Visual           Chief Financial Officer
               Chief Executive Officer           Beverage
                                                                                  Robert (Bob) Firenze was          Shaun Hughes was appointed
               Prior to Orora, Brian Lowe        Simon Bromell joined Orora in    appointed President, Orora        CFO at Orora in October
               spent eight years with Delphi     2014, and has over 30 years      Visual in March 2020, bringing    2020, having spent more
               Technologies where he was         of experience in leadership      over 20 years of experience       than 20 years leading the
               Managing Director of the Asia     roles across the national food   in sales and management in        finance, procurement and IT
               Pacific Powertrain business,      and beverage supply chain in     the North American packaging      teams for a range of ASX-
               including five years based in     consumer goods, agribusiness     industry. Bob joined Orora in     listed and multinational
               Shanghai. This followed a         and packaging. Prior to Orora,   2001 as a Division Manager in     companies operating across
               10-year career at General         Simon was General Manager        Orora Packaging Solutions. He     diverse industries. Shaun
               Electric (GE), where he held      of Gold Coin Asia and also       was responsible for growing       has extensive financial
               various leadership roles          spent four years as Managing     and expanding the business        management experience
               in sales and marketing,           Director of Fonterra’s           in multiple North American        in building and growing
               and supply chain. He was          Australian Ingredients           regions and served as Senior      organisations having held
               Managing Director of GE           business.                        Vice President — East Region,     global leadership roles with
               Plastics, Australia from                                           Orora Packaging Solutions         Telstra, Elders, IBM and EBOS.
               2001 to 2003.                     Before this, he held senior      immediately prior to his
                                                 management roles across          appointment as President,         Shaun is a member of the
               In his 11 years at Orora, Brian   a range of businesses and        Orora Visual.                     Institute of Chartered
               has been the Group General        functions at Mars from                                             Accountants of Australia
               Manager of the Beverage           1996 to 2009.                                                      and New Zealand.
               (2011-2015) and Fibre (2016-
               2019) businesses. He was
               appointed Managing Director
               and Chief Executive Officer of
               Orora Limited in October 2019.




               42                                                                                                  ORORA LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022
For personal use only
                    Frank Pennisi                      Ann Stubbings                      Matthew Wilson
                    (BS Eng, MS Eng)                   (BA/LLB, GAICD)                    (LLB, BCom (Hons))
                    President,                         Chief People, Sustainability       Chief Strategy and
                    Orora Packaging Solutions          and Governance Officer,            Corporate Development
                                                       Company Secretary and              Officer
                    Frank Pennisi was appointed        Group General Counsel
                    President of Orora Packaging                                          Matthew Wilson joined Orora
                    Solutions in November              Ann Stubbings leads                in January 2020, bringing
                    2020. Prior to joining Orora,      the Human Resources,               over 20 years of experience
                    Frank was the President of         Sustainability, Corporate          in corporate finance and
                    the Industrial Technologies        Safety, Legal, Company             strategy. Prior to Orora,
                    segment for FLIR Systems,          Secretariat and Corporate          Matthew was Managing
                    based in Santa Barbara,            Affairs/Communications             Director at independent
                    California. In this role Frank     teams. Ann was appointed           corporate advisory firm,
                    accelerated the digital            to the Orora Executive             Flagstaff Partners and
                    transformation and growth          Leadership Team upon               previously spent 15 years
                    of the business through            Orora’s listing on the ASX         at J.P. Morgan in both
                    automation of tools and            in December 2013.                  Melbourne and Sydney
                    services, as well as focusing                                         where he led the Australian
                    commercial and operational         Prior to joining Orora, Ann        investment banking division’s
                    resources. Frank has also held     held various senior in-house       coverage of healthcare,
                    leadership roles including VP      legal roles in corporate and       telecommunications,
                    Strategy and Marketing with        commercial law, dispute            technology and private
                    Honeywell where he drove a         resolution, governance and         equity clients.
                    range of strategic digital and     company secretariat across
                    commercial excellence growth       manufacturing and financial        Matthew began his
                    programs.                          services, and commenced her        professional career in the
                                                       career in private legal practice   investment banking division
                    Frank began his career with GE     at Hall and Wilcox.                of Macquarie Bank.
                    where he held several general
                    management and operational
                    roles in three countries.




                    ORORA LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022                                                                      43
               Directors’
               report
               The Directors of Orora Limited (Orora or
               the Company) present their report,
               together with the financial statements




For personal use only
               of the Company and its controlled entities
               (collectively referred to as the
               consolidated entity or the Orora Group),
               for the financial year ended 30 June 2022.




               In this section


               Directors’ report                        44   Directors’ interests                   47   Remuneration report                    49
               Statutory matters                        45   Unissued shares under option           47   Directors’ declaration                 66
               Board of Directors                       45   Shares issued on exercise of options   47   Auditor’s independence declaration     67
               Company Secretary                        45   On-market share purchases to satisfy   47
               Directors’ meetings                      45   employee share plans
               Operating and financial review           46   Indemnification and insurance          47
                                                             of officers
               State of affairs                         46
                                                             Indemnification of auditors            48
               Principal activities                     46
                                                             Proceedings on behalf of the Company   48
               Events subsequent to the                 46
               end of the financial year                     Non-audit services                     48
               Likely developments                      46   External audit services                48
               Dividends                                46   Rounding off                           48
               Environmental performance                46   Corporate Governance Statement         48
               and reporting




               44                                                                                                    ORORA LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                    DIRECTORS’ REPORT

                    Statutory
                    matters
                    Board of Directors




For personal use only
                    The Directors of the Company in office as at the date of this report are:
                    A R H (Rob) Sindel
                    B P (Brian) Lowe
                    A P (Abi) Cleland
                    M A (Michael) Fraser
                    T J (Tom) Gorman
                    S L (Sam) Lewis
                    J L (Jeremy) Sutcliffe
                    All Directors, except Michael Fraser, served on the Board for the period from 1 July 2021 to 30 June 2022. Michael Fraser was appointed
                    Director on 1 April 2022.
                    The qualifications, experience and special responsibilities of the current Directors, and other directorships held by them during the
                    previous three years, are set out on pages 40 to 41 of this Annual Report.

                    Company Secretary
                    A L (Ann) Stubbings is the Company Secretary of the Company, having commenced the position on listing of the Company on the ASX in
                    December 2013. Ms Stubbings’ qualifications and experience are set out on page 43 of this Annual Report.

                    Directors’ meetings
                    The following table sets out the number of Directors’ meetings (including meetings of Board Committees) held during the period from
                    1 July 2021 to 30 June 2022, and the number of meetings attended by each Director.
                                                                                                                                                                        Safety,
                                                                            Audit, Risk &                                                                            Sustainability
                                                                            Compliance             Executive          Human Resources          Nomination            & Environment
                                                              Board          Committee             Committee            Committee              Committee**             Committee

                    Scheduled Meetings                         8                  4                     2                      4                      -                     4
                    Unscheduled Meetings                       4                  -                     1                      -                      -                     -
                                                          A           B     A          B           A          B          A          B           A          B          A          B
                    A P Cleland                          12        12       4*          -         1*          -          4          4           -          -          4          4
                    M A Fraser[1]                         5           5     1          1           -          -          1           1          -          -          2*          -
                    T J Gorman                           11        12       4          4          1*          -          4          4           -          -          3*          -
                    S L Lewis                            11        12       4          4           2          3          4*          -          -          -          4          4
                    B P Lowe                             12        12       4*          -          3          3          4*          -          -          -          4*          -
                    A R H Sindel                         12        12       4*          -          3          3          4*          -          -          -          4          4
                    J L Sutcliffe                        11        12       3          4           -          -          4          4           -          -          3*          -

                    [1]   Mr Fraser was appointed as Director on 1 April 2022. He attended all Directors’ meetings from his date of appointment to 30 June 2022.
                    A     Number of meetings attended.
                    B     Number of meetings held during the time the Director held office (in the case of Board meetings) or as a member of the Committee during the year (in the case
                          of committee meetings).
                    *     Indicates that although the Director is not a member of a specific Committee, the Director attended the meeting. All Directors are welcome to attend Committee
                          meetings even though they may not be a member.
                    **    All Nomination Committee matters were dealt with by the full Board during the financial year.




                    ORORA LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022                                                                                                                                  45
               DIRECTORS’ REPORT

               Statutory
               matters



               Operating and financial review




For personal use only
               An operating and financial review of the consolidated entity during the financial year and the results of these operations begins at page
               22 of this Annual Report.

               State of affairs
               There have been no significant changes in the state of affairs of the consolidated entity during the financial year ended 30 June 2022
               other than as disclosed in this Annual Report.

               Principal activities
               The principal activities of the consolidated entity at the date of this report are set out in the ‘Orora at a glance’ section on page 1 of this
               Annual Report. There were no significant changes in the nature of the principal activities of the consolidated entity during the financial
               year ended 30 June 2022.

               Events subsequent to the end of the financial year
               There have been no matters or circumstances which have arisen between 30 June 2022 and the date of this report that have
               significantly affected, or may significantly affect, the operations of the Group, the results of those operations, or the state of affairs of the
               Group in future years.

               Likely developments
               The Operating and Financial Review section from pages 22 to 27 of this Annual Report contains information on the consolidated entity’s
               business strategies and prospects for future financial years, and refers to likely developments in the consolidated entity’s operations and
               the expected results of these operations in future financial years. Information on likely developments in the consolidated entity’s
               business strategies, prospects and operations for future financial years and the expected results of those operations has not been
               included in this report where the Directors believe it would likely result in unreasonable prejudice to the consolidated entity. Details that
               could give rise to material detriment to the consolidated entity, for example, information that is commercially sensitive, confidential or
               could give a third party a commercial advantage, have also not been included.

               Dividends
               Dividends paid or declared by the Company to members during the financial year ended 30 June 2022 are set out in note 2.2 to the
               Financial Statements.
               No waiver was sought from the Trustees of the Orora Employee Share Trusts in respect of the entitlement of Treasury Shares held in the
               Trusts to be paid from the 2022 interim or final dividends, in compliance with Australian Tax Office Tax Determination (TD 2019/13). The
               Trusts received dividends on unallocated shares and the Employee Share Trusts were subject to tax at the applicable rate on dividends
               received in respect of the unallocated shares.

               Environmental performance and reporting
               The Orora Group is committed to continuous improvement of its environmental performance by finding better ways to manufacture and
               distribute its products. This is guided by the Orora Group’s Environmental Policy, a copy of which is available on Orora’s website.

               (a) Carbon emissions
               The National Greenhouse and Energy Reporting (Safeguard Mechanism) Rule 2015 (Rule) made under the National Greenhouse and Energy
               Reporting Act 2007 (Cth) (NGER Act) applies to facilities with direct CO2 emissions (Scope 1) of greater than 100,000 tonnes per year.
               These facilities are required to maintain their direct emissions below their historical peak level. Facilities that exceed their historical peak
               CO2 emissions will be required to purchase CO2 credits to offset their increase in emissions.
               The only Orora Group facility that exceeds the 100,000 tonnes per year CO2 threshold is the glass facility in Gawler, South Australia.
               The Glass facility at Orora moved from a calculated baseline to a production adjusted baseline in FY21. To date, the site has never
               exceeded the Safeguard Mechanism baseline. This facility complies with its obligations under the Rule.

               (b) Greenhouse gas requirements
               In Australia, the Orora Group is subject to reporting obligations under the NGER Act.
               The NGER Act requires the Company to report on its annual Australian greenhouse gas emissions and energy use. The Orora Group has
               data gathering and management systems in place that comply with the NGER Act and the Clean Energy Regulator’s audit processes. To
               comply with this obligation, Orora provides a report to the Clean Energy Regulator each year.




               46                                                                                                            ORORA LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                    DIRECTORS’ REPORT

                    Statutory
                    matters



                    (c) Manufacturing
                    All of Orora Group’s manufacturing sites are subject to significant environmental regulation, including, where applicable, specific




For personal use only
                    environmental licences. These licences require discharges to air, land and water to be below specified levels of contamination.
                    Compliance with these regulations and Group’s overall environmental performance is monitored by Orora’s internal Sustainability Team,
                    which liaises directly with divisional and site-based health, safety and environment professionals. Orora Group’s environmental
                    performance and material regulatory compliance is also discussed regularly at Executive Leadership Team meetings.
                    The Directors are not aware of any material breaches of environmental regulations or site-specific licences during or since the financial
                    year ended 30 June 2022.

                    Directors’ interests
                    The relevant interests of each Director in the share capital of the Company as at the date of this report are as follows:
                                                                                                                                                                      Number
                    Name                                                                                                                                             of shares

                    Directors of Orora Limited
                    A P Cleland                                                                                                                                      130,632
                    M A Fraser                                                                                                                                        55,000
                    T J Gorman                                                                                                                                        56,000
                    S L Lewis                                                                                                                                         93,835
                    B P Lowe                                                                                                                                       541,656(1)
                    A R H Sindel                                                                                                                                     140,000
                    J L Sutcliffe                                                                                                                                    131,355

                    (1)    Details of rights and options over shares in the Company held by B P Lowe are set out in section 6.4 of the Remuneration Report.


                    Unissued shares under option
                    Unissued ordinary shares or interests of the Company under option as at the date of this report are as follows:
                                                                                                                                                                      Number
                    Options granted                                                                                       Expiry date               Issue price   under option

                    30 Oct 2015                                                                                        30 Sep 2024                        2.08       226,567
                    22 Oct 2018                                                                                        31 Aug 2027                        3.58     1,226,125


                    These options do not allow the holder to participate in any share or rights issue of the Company. Refer to the Remuneration Report for
                    further information.

                    Shares issued on exercise of options
                    There were no ordinary shares of the Company issued during or since the financial year ended 30 June 2022 on the exercise of options
                    granted over unissued shares or interests.

                    On-market share purchases to satisfy employee share plans
                    During the financial year ended 30 June 2022, 3,587,270 ordinary shares of the Company were purchased on-market and held on trust to
                    satisfy obligations under the Company’s employee incentive plans. The average price per security at which these shares were purchased
                    was $3.58.

                    Indemnification and insurance of officers
                    In accordance with the Company’s Constitution, the Company has entered into agreements with each person who is, or has been, an
                    officer of the Company. This includes the Directors in office at the date of this report, all former Directors and other executive officers of
                    the Company, indemnifying them against any liability to any person other than the Company, or a related body corporate, that may arise
                    from their acting as officers of the Company, notwithstanding that they may have ceased to hold office. There is an exception where the
                    liability arises out of conduct involving a lack of good faith, or is otherwise prohibited by law.




                    ORORA LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022                                                                                                                       47
               DIRECTORS’ REPORT

               Statutory
               matters



               During and since the end of the financial year ended 30 June 2022, the Company has paid or agreed to pay the premiums for an insurance
               policy to insure current and previous Directors and other executive officers of the Company against certain liabilities incurred in that




For personal use only
               capacity.
               Due to the confidentiality obligations and undertakings set out in these agreements, no further details in respect of the premiums paid,
               or the terms of the agreements, can be disclosed.
               No indemnity payment has been made under any of the documents referred to above during or since the financial year ended
               30 June 2022.

               Indemnification of auditors
               The Company’s auditor is PricewaterhouseCoopers (PwC). During and since the financial year ended 30 June 2022:
               •    no premium has been paid by the Company in respect of any insurance for PwC
               •    no indemnity has been paid by the Company in respect of PwC’s appointment as auditor
               •    no officers of the Company were partners or directors of PwC, while PwC undertook an audit of the Company.

               Proceedings on behalf of the Company
               No proceedings have been brought or intervened in on behalf of the Company with leave of the Court, nor has any application for leave
               been made in respect of the Company, under section 237 of the Corporations Act 2001.

               Non-audit services
               During the year, PwC, the Company’s auditor, performed certain other services in addition to their statutory duties. The Board has
               considered the non-audit services provided during the financial year ended 30 June 2022 by the auditor and, in accordance with written
               advice provided by resolution of the Audit, Risk & Compliance Committee, is satisfied that the provision of those non-audit services
               during the financial year by the auditors is compatible with the general standard of independence for auditors, and did not compromise
               the auditor independence requirements of the Corporations Act 2001 for the following reasons:
               •    All non-audit services were subject to the corporate governance procedures adopted by the Company and have been reviewed by the
                    Audit, Risk & Compliance Committee to ensure they do not impact the impartiality and objectivity of the auditor. In particular, all non-
                    audit services are approved in accordance with the non-audit services delegations and approvals framework and reported to the
                    Audit, Risk & Compliance Committee at each meeting.
               •    The non-audit services provided do not undermine the general principles relating to auditor independence as set out in APES 110
                    Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants, as they did not involve reviewing or auditing the auditor’s own work, acting in a
                    management or decision-making capacity for the Company, acting as an advocate for the Company or jointly sharing risks and
                    rewards. A copy of the auditor’s independence declaration as required under section 307C of the Corporations Act 2001 can be found
                    on page 67 of this Annual Report.
               •    Details of the amounts paid to PwC and its related practices for audit and non-audit services provided during the financial year are
                    set out in note 7.2 to the Financial Statements. In each case, the engagement of PwC was made on its merits (based on service level,
                    expertise, cost, as well as geographical spread).

               External audit services
               PwC has been the Company’s external auditor approval by shareholders at the Company’s 2014 AGM. Following completion of a tender
               process, the Company intends to recommend the appointment of KPMG as the Company’s external auditor commencing for the year
               ending 30 June 2023, subject to regulatory and shareholder approval.

               Rounding off
               The Company is of a kind referred to in the ASIC Corporations (Rounding in Financial/Directors’ Reports) Instrument 2016/191. In
               accordance with the ASIC Corporations (Rounding in Financial/Directors’ Reports) Instrument 2016/191, and except where otherwise
               stated, amounts in the Financial Statements and Directors’ Report have been rounded off to the nearest $100,000 or to zero where the
               amount is $50,000 or less.

               Corporate Governance Statement
               The key features of the Company’s corporate governance framework are set out in the Corporate Governance Statement, which is
               available on pages 28 to 37 of this Annual Report.




               48                                                                                                        ORORA LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                    DIRECTORS’ REPORT

                    Remuneration
                    report




For personal use only
                                                                                    Orora’s remuneration framework
                                                                                    continues to demonstrate the strong
                                                                                    alignment between financial
                                                                                    performance, shareholder returns and
                                                                                    executive remuneration outcomes.




                    Dear Fellow Shareholder,
                    As Chair of the Orora Human Resources Committee and on behalf of our Board of Directors, I am pleased to present Orora’s Remuneration
                    Report for the financial year ended 30 June 2022.
                    In partnership with my fellow Directors, Committee members and Orora’s Executive team, I remain committed to providing transparent
                    reporting and clear communication for shareholders. We recognise that ensuring Orora’s Human Resources policies and remuneration
                    framework are structured to attract, retain and motivate diverse talent is fundamental to Orora’s long-term sustainability.

                    Company performance and financial year 2022 remuneration outcomes
                    Orora’s performance for the financial year ended 30 June 2022 (delivering earnings before significant items, interest and tax (EBIT) of
                    $285.5 million was strong despite ongoing challenging economic conditions around the world. As always, we focused first on the safety
                    of our people and meeting the needs of our customers. Responding to the high demand experienced across many product categories has
                    meant navigating the volatility of higher input costs and intermittent supply. The team remains committed to deliver progress against the
                    Orora strategy with operational efficiency programs driving solid earnings improvement in North America, and investment in Australasian
                    Beverage improving capacity to support increases in demand. Orora’s ongoing resilience can be attributed to a broad, diversified portfolio
                    and wide customer base, building our defensive earnings profile, and strengthening our platform for growth.
                    Orora’s executives are rewarded for annual performance against business plans as well as longer-term returns for shareholders. Incentive
                    plan outcomes for this year again reflect the strong alignment between Orora’s financial performance, executive remuneration outcomes
                    and the challenging nature of Orora’s strategic business objectives.
                    In line with last financial year, the Board did not exclude any COVID-19 impact on the Group’s financial performance in the assessment of
                    long and short-term incentive outcomes. It remains our belief that Orora and our people must be agile, adapt and perform in a wide array
                    of challenges and circumstances.
                    The short-term incentive (STI) assessment includes financial and non-financial metrics (at a Group and individual level). STI payments for
                    the current Executive KMP will be paid between 90% and 95% of maximum STI opportunity.
                    In FY19 we made changes to Orora’s long-term incentive (LTI) plans that better aligned them with market practice and met the goals of
                    Orora’s remuneration framework, making performance rights the only form of grant. This change resulted in two grants being tested at
                    30 June 2022, being the FY19 grant of rights and options with a four-year performance period, and the FY20 grant of rights, which has a
                    three-year performance period and a one-year employment holding lock. With strong results achieved across both periods, the FY19 grant
                    will vest at 85.8% in August 2022, while the FY20 grant will vest at 100% the following year in August 2023, at the conclusion of the
                    one-year employment holding lock.




                    ORORA LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022                                                                                                       49
               DIRECTORS’ REPORT

               Remuneration
               report



               Remuneration changes during the financial year
               No changes were made to our remuneration framework in FY22. In FY22 the Executive KMP received a fixed remuneration increase of




For personal use only
               2.5%, in line with market increases.
               The Human Resources Committee periodically reviews the remuneration of Executive KMP against similar roles in other ASX-listed
               companies of comparable size and industry dynamics to ensure that the remuneration levels are aligned with market. For FY23, the
               Board of Directors considers it appropriate to increase the fixed remuneration for the CEO and CFO by 3.5% and 7.5% respectively, in line
               with the market.
               When Brian Lowe took over as CEO at the end of 2019, his total fixed remuneration and target LTI award were set lower than his
               predecessor, which the Board determined at the time was appropriate for a new appointee. Having considered the Group’s strategy, focus
               on value creation and shareholder returns and remuneration levels in comparable organisations, the Board of Directors now considers it
               appropriate to increase the target LTI award for the CEO to the same level as his predecessor, that is, an increase from 70% to 100% of
               his Total Fixed Remuneration. This proposed LTI grant for FY23 will be subject to shareholder approval at the Annual General Meeting.

               Final thoughts
               I would like to thank Orora shareholders for your support this year and warmly congratulate the Orora team for delivering another strong
               result in globally challenging times. The team’s ongoing commitment to delivering for our customers is outstanding, and they remain
               focused on keeping themselves and their colleagues safe.
               It is my pleasure to provide the FY22 Remuneration Report on the following pages and I welcome shareholder queries for any clarification
               they may need in respect of this Report.
               Warm regards,




               TOM GORMAN
               CHAIR, HUMAN RESOURCES COMMITTEE




               50                                                                                                      ORORA LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                    DIRECTORS’ REPORT

                    Remuneration
                    report



                    Introduction




For personal use only
                    The Remuneration Report provides a summary of Orora’s remuneration policy and practice for Key Management Personnel (KMP) for the
                    financial year ended 30 June 2022. This report has been prepared as required by the Corporations Act 2001 (Cth) for the Company and its
                    controlled entities (collectively, the Group or Orora) and has been audited by Orora’s external auditor. This Remuneration Report forms
                    part of the Directors’ Report.

                    Structure of this report
                    Orora’s 2022 Remuneration Report is divided into the following sections:

                    Section                                                                                                                                 Page No.

                    Message from Tom Gorman, Chair Human Resources Committee                                                                                      49
                    u Key Management Personnel                                                                                                                    51
                    v Overview of FY22 remuneration                                                                                                               52
                    w Remuneration framework                                                                                                                      54
                    x Relationship between performance and remuneration outcomes                                                                                  56
                    y Non-Executive Director remuneration                                                                                                         61
                    z Additional required disclosures                                                                                                             61


                    1.        Key Management Personnel (KMP)
                    For the purposes of this Remuneration Report, KMP include Executive and Non-Executive Directors and nominated senior executives who
                    have authority and responsibility for planning, directing and controlling the activities of the Group, either directly or indirectly. For the year
                    ended 30 June 2022, the KMP were:

                    Name                                          Position                                              Term as KMP

                        Non-Executive Directors (NED)
                    A R H (Rob) Sindel                            Chair                                                 Full year
                    A P (Abi) Cleland                             Director                                              Full year
                    T J (Tom) Gorman                              Director                                              Full year
                    S L (Sam) Lewis                               Director                                              Full year
                    J L (Jeremy) Sutcliffe                        Director                                              Full year
                    M A (Michael) Fraser[1]                       Director                                              Partial year
                        Executive Director
                    B P (Brian) Lowe                              Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer (CEO)   Full year
                        Executive
                    S C (Shaun) Hughes                            Chief Financial Officer (CFO)                         Full year

                    (1)     M A Fraser was appointed as a Director on 1 April 2022.




                    ORORA LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022                                                                                                              51
               DIRECTORS’ REPORT

               Remuneration
               report



               2.        Overview of FY22 remuneration
               2.1. Summary of remuneration framework




For personal use only
               Orora’s executive remuneration framework applies to the CEO and all of his direct reports of which the Executive KMP form a subset. This
               framework was introduced in FY20. Refer to Section 3.1 for a detailed explanation of the current remuneration components. Refer to
               Section 6.3 for an explanation of performance hurdles used and the vesting schedule.


                                                                                         OUR PURPOSE
                                          To be a leading sustainable packaging solutions provider, designing and delivering
                                                  products and services that enable our customers’ brands to thrive

                                                         Our Purpose is supported by our remuneration principles and
                                                               performance framework, overseen by the Board


                                                                              REMUNERATION PRINCIPLES

                         Attract, motivate and                                        Drive a high-                                              Create long-term
                             retain talent                                        performance culture                                            shareholder value


                                                                           REMUNERATION COMPONENTS[1]

                     Fixed remuneration (FR)                        Short-Term Incentive (STI)                                         Long-Term Incentive (LTI)[2]
                     • A market-based reward for                    • Rewards the achievement of Group and individual                  • Reinforces focus on creating long-term
                       role.                                          goals over a 12-month period.                                      value for shareholders.
                     • Delivered as cash salary and                 • CEO has a target STI of 70% of FR and a maximum                  • 50% to 100% of FR delivered as an
                       contribution to retirement                     opportunity of 100% of FR. The other Executives                    upfront grant of Performance Rights
                       benefits.                                      have a target of 50% and a maximum opportunity                     (PR) with a three-year performance
                                                                      of 75% of FR.                                                      period and an additional one-year
                                                                    • 2/3 delivered in cash and 1/3 in Deferred Share                    employment holding lock before
                                                                      Rights (DSR) deferred for two years.                               vesting.



                                                                                  LINK TO PERFORMANCE

                     • Any increases in salary will                 • A scorecard of performance measures at a Group                   The following performance hurdles apply
                       consider the market median                     level is used to determine STI award payable. The                to LTI aligning executive and shareholder
                       remuneration for similar roles                 scorecard represents the key priority areas for the              interests:
                       and individual performance.                    current year and typically includes strategic                    • Earnings per Share (EPS) growth with a
                                                                      initiatives and has a strong weighting towards                      Return on Average Funds Employed
                                                                      financial growth and returns. A safety and                          (RoAFE) gateway.
                                                                      performance overlay also applies.                                • Relative Total Shareholder Return
                                                                    • Deferral of payment in equity aligns reward                         (RTSR) with an Absolute Total
                                                                      outcomes with long-term value creation for                          Shareholder Return (ATSR) gateway.
                                                                      shareholders.


                                                          Supports alignment of Executive and Shareholder interests

                  Large proportion of remuneration            Clawback and malus provisions            Use of EPS, RoAFE, RTSR and               Minimum shareholding
                  is at risk and delivered as equity.         apply to all equity.                     ATSR performance hurdles for PR.          requirements.


               (1)      An award of shares or cash deferred up to five years is occasionally used at the time of recruitment to replace existing entitlements from previous employers or
                        as a specific retention award for existing executives.
               (2)      The FY19 grant, which will partially vest in August 2022, comprises performance rights and options. This award is subject to a four-year performance and
                        vesting period.




               52                                                                                                                               ORORA LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                    DIRECTORS’ REPORT

                    Remuneration
                    report



                    2.2. Snapshot of FY22 performance and remuneration outcomes
                    The Executive KMP remuneration outcomes for the financial year ended 30 June 2022 are summarised below. For more detailed




For personal use only
                    information on remuneration outcomes and link to performance, please refer to Section 4.
                        Remuneration
                        component           Description

                        Changes to          •   The Board periodically benchmarks the remuneration of Executive KMP against comparable roles in other
                        remuneration            ASX-listed companies of similar size and industry dynamics as Orora.
                        for FY23            •   For FY23, reflecting the overall performance of the Company, the Board has decided that the CEO will receive a
                                                fixed remuneration increase of 3.5%, in line with market increases, and the CFO will receive a fixed remuneration
                                                increase of 7.5%, to position his total remuneration at a market competitive level.
                                            •   Considering the Group's strategy, focus on shareholder returns, market data and demonstrated achievement in
                                                the role, the Board also considered it appropriate to increase the LTI for the CEO from 70% to 100% of FR which
                                                is the same level as the CEO's predecessor. More details of the benchmarking approach used can be found in
                                                Section 4.4.

                        Short-Term          FY22 award
                        Incentive (STI)     •   Orora’s STI assessment includes several financial and non-financial metrics (at Group and individual level).
                                            •   The Earnings before Interest and Tax (EBIT) and Average Working Capital (AWC) as a % of sales exceeded the
                                                targets set by the Board for the financial year ended 30 June 2022.
                                            •   As a result, STI payments for current Executive KMP will be paid out between 90% and 95% of maximum
                                                STI opportunity.

                                            Awards due to vest in FY22 and FY23
                                            •   DSR awarded as part of the STI payment for the financial year ended 30 June 2019 vested in September 2021.
                                                The Board did not identify any performance or conduct factors that would warrant lapsing of unvested equity.
                                                Accordingly, the Board approved full vesting of the FY19 DSR.
                                            •   DSR awarded as part of the STI payment for the financial year ended 30 June 2020 are due to vest in September
                                                2022. The Board did not identify any performance or conduct factors that would warrant lapsing of unvested
                                                equity. Accordingly, the Board approved full vesting of the FY20 DSR. For this equity to vest, the executive must
                                                remain employed until the vesting date (September 2022).

                        Long-Term           FY22 award
                        Incentive (LTI)     •   Executive KMP were awarded 70% of their FR as Performance Rights with a three-year performance period (1
                                                July 2021 to 30 June 2024) and an additional one-year employment holding lock before vesting. The grant to the
                                                CEO was awarded post shareholder approval at the 2021 AGM.

                                            Award tested in FY22 and vesting in FY23
                                            •   The FY19 LTI grant had a four-year performance period which ended on 30 June 2022 and is due to vest in
                                                August 2022. This award included a grant of performance rights and options.
                                            •   50% of the award had an EPS performance hurdle with a RoAFE gateway and 50% had a RTSR performance
                                                hurdle with an ATSR gateway.
                                            •   The RoAFE and ATSR gateways were met for this grant. Orora’s EPS growth performance of 6.5% was between
                                                the 4% and 8% vesting range for this grant and Orora’s RTSR performance was at the 70th percentile of the peer
                                                group. This resulted in 85.8% of the grant vesting.

                                            Award tested in FY22 and vesting in FY24
                                            •   As previously disclosed, the Board removed options from the LTI plan from FY20 to better align with market. The
                                                performance period of the LTI grant was reduced from four years to three years to facilitate robust goal setting,
                                                with an additional one-year employment holding lock for vesting to occur.
                                            •   Accordingly, the FY20 LTI grant had a three-year performance period which ended on 30 June 2022. This grant
                                                has a one-year employment holding lock before vesting (August 2023).
                                            •   50% of the award had an EPS performance hurdle with a RoAFE gateway and 50% had a RTSR performance
                                                hurdle with an ATSR gateway.
                                            •   The RoAFE and ATSR gateways were met for this grant. Orora’s EPS performance of 8.3% exceeded the 4% and
                                                8% vesting range for this grant and RTSR performance was above the 75th percentile of the peer group.




                    ORORA LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022                                                                                                            53
               DIRECTORS’ REPORT

               Remuneration
               report



               3.        Remuneration framework
               3.1. Remuneration components




For personal use only
               Remuneration
               component                         Description

               Fixed                             •    Includes cash salary and contribution to retirement benefits.
               Remuneration (FR)                 •    The Board sets the fixed remuneration for KMP based on market median remuneration for similar roles in
                                                      ASX-listed companies of similar size, industry and geographical footprint. The annual review of fixed
                                                      remuneration takes into consideration market relativity, skills, experience, past performance and impact on total
                                                      remuneration.

               Short-Term                        •    Rewards the achievement of Group and individual financial and non-financial goals over a 12-month period.
               Incentive (STI)                   •    2/3 of the award is delivered annually in cash following the release of the end of year financial results.
                                                 •    1/3 of the award is delivered in DSR[1] deferred over two years subject to malus conditions. Vesting after two
                                                      years is subject to continued service.
                                                 •    The number of units is calculated as 1/3 of the STI award divided by the volume-weighted average share price
                                                      (VWAP) of Orora shares for the five trading days up to and including the end of the financial year (30 June).
                                                 •    The CEO has a target STI of 70% of FR and a maximum opportunity of 100% of FR. Other executives have a
                                                      target of 50% and a maximum opportunity of 75% of FR.

               Long-Term                         •    Aligns executive and shareholder interests by reinforcing executive focus on long-term sustainable shareholder
               Incentive (LTI)                        returns.
                                                 •    50% to 100% of FR delivered as PR[1] subject to a three-year performance period and an additional one-year
                                                      employment holding lock with the following performance hurdles:
                                                      — Growth in EPS hurdle with a RoAFE gateway – 50% weight
                                                      — RTSR hurdle with an ATSR gateway – 50% weight
                                                 •    The combination of EPS and RoAFE represents a strong measure of overall business performance.
                                                 •    The use of RTSR hurdle with an ATSR gateway focuses on growth of the Group and creating above average value
                                                      for shareholders. Refer to Section 6.3 for a more detailed explanation of the hurdles used.
                                                 •    After considering internal and external benchmarks, the Board set the following performance hurdles for the
                                                      FY22 LTI grant:
                                                      — PR subject to EPS hurdle: RoAFE gateway of 15% must be met for the performance period for vesting to
                                                           occur. If the RoAFE gateway is met, EPS growth of 4% over the performance period will be required for 50%
                                                           vesting, with 100% vesting requiring an EPS growth of 8%.
                                                      — PR subject to RTSR hurdle: Orora’s ATSR over the performance period must not be negative for vesting to
                                                           occur. If the ATSR gateway is met, RTSR over the performance period must be at the 50th percentile of the
                                                           comparator group for 50% vesting, with 100% vesting requiring RTSR to be at the 75th percentile.
                                                 •    The number of units granted is calculated as value of the grant (50% to 100% of FR) divided by the VWAP of
                                                      Orora shares for the five trading days up to and including the end of the financial year (30 June).
                                                 •    For LTI grants from FY22, the share price used to calculate the ATSR of the Group and each of the comparator
                                                      companies for the performance period will use the 20 trading days VWAP for both the starting share price and
                                                      the closing share price. The previous approach used five trading days VWAP for the starting share price and
                                                      20 trading days VWAP for the closing share price. This change has been made to reduce the impact of share
                                                      price volatility and to improve consistency.

               (1)      A Right (either DSR or PR) is the right to receive one Orora share (or cash of equivalent value) upon vesting, subject to adjustment for certain capital actions.
                        Rights do not carry any dividend entitlements or voting rights prior to vesting. Shares allocated upon vesting carry the same rights as any other Orora share. For
                        DSR and PR, forfeiture and clawback provisions apply for behaviour contrary to Orora’s values or any actions that bring the Group or any company within the
                        Group into disrepute. If employment ceases due to resignation or dismissal, any unvested DSR or PR will lapse. If employment ceases due to other reasons, the
                        Board has discretion with respect to unvested Rights, including to lapse any unvested DSR or PR fully or partially.




               54                                                                                                                                ORORA LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                    DIRECTORS’ REPORT

                    Remuneration
                    report



                    3.2. Target remuneration mix and delivery
                    Orora’s executive remuneration framework provides an appropriate mix of short, medium and long-term incentives to attract, motivate




For personal use only
                    and retain talent and to drive high performance. Delivering a significant portion of remuneration in equity (1/3 of STI delivered as DSR
                    deferred over two years and LTI delivered as PR subject to a three-year performance period and an additional one-year employment
                    holding lock) aligns the interests of executives and shareholders.

                                                      MD & CEO[1]                                                                  Other Executive KMP




                                           LTI
                                          29%                                                                               LTI
                                                                                                                           32%
                                                                               FR                                                                              FR
                                                                              42%                                                                             45%



                                                  STI                                                                                STI
                                                 29%                                                                                23%



                    (1)    For FY23, the proportion of FR, STI and LTI will be 37%, 26% and 37% respectively for the MD and CEO.


                    Delivering a significant portion of remuneration as equity over a four-year period reinforces executive focus on achieving long-term
                    objectives and creating sustainable value for shareholders.


                                              July 2021                      June 2022                     June 2023                      June 2024                     June 2025



                           Fixed remuneration          Delivered as cash

                                                                                          2/3 delivered as cash
                          Short-term incentive
                                                                                         1/3 delivered as DSR with a 2-year vesting period(1)


                          Long-term incentive             Delivered as PR with a 3-year performance period and an additional one year holding lock(1)

                                                       Performance period with EPS and RTSR hurdles



                    (1)    The grants to the CEO are awarded post shareholder approval at the 2021 AGM (for LTI) and 2022 AGM (for STI). The award is due to vest in August 2025.




                    ORORA LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022                                                                                                                                55
               DIRECTORS’ REPORT

               Remuneration
               report



               4.       Relationship between performance and remuneration outcomes
               4.1. Performance framework




For personal use only
               Orora’s executives are rewarded for annual performance against challenging business plans as well as longer-term returns for
               shareholders. Financial and non-financial performance measures that align with the key priority areas for the Group are carefully selected
               by the Board at the start of the financial year. The performance measures selected for FY22 are summarised below:


                 Performance overlay:   Safety overlay:          Group earnings       Group asset            Individual strategic         Overall
                 Impacts individual     If not met, may reduce   (60% weight)         management             measures                     outcome
                 STI by 20%             STI award by 10%                              (10% weight)           (30% weight)


                 Considers ’how’ the    Performance against      Earnings before      Average working        Individual strategic         Total performance
                 performance was        key safety metrics       interest and tax     capital as a % of      measures
                 achieved                                        (EBIT)               sales



               4.2. Performance outcome
               Achievement against the performance measures both at a Group and individual level is assessed every six months by the Human
               Resources Committee (HRC), which provides recommendations to the Board. At the end of the financial year the Board determines
               the STI outcome for executives based on their performance against the agreed measures.
               The STI assessment includes a number of financial and non-financial metrics (at a Group and individual level).
               Significant items (both positive and negative) are assessed each year by the Board to determine whether any significant items should be
               included in the STI assessment, and in the past have been generally excluded for the purpose of measuring performance for STIs as they
               are not part of ordinary trading results. There were no significant items excluded when determining STI assessments for FY22.
               At the end of the financial year, the HRC reviews Group performance against the LTI performance hurdles to confirm the vesting outcome
               of any PR that have completed their performance period. The HRC also assesses if there are any significant Group or individual
               performance factors that require the Board to apply discretion to claw back previously granted equity or reduce the quantum of LTI to
               be granted.




               56                                                                                                           ORORA LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                    DIRECTORS’ REPORT

                    Remuneration
                    report



                    4.2. Performance outcome (continued)




For personal use only
                    An overview of the performance measures for FY22 and achievement against these measures is summarised below.


                        KPI                                                    Performance commentary                                        Outcome
                        Group earnings
                        Earnings Before Interest and Tax (EBIT)                The focused execution of strategic priorities has
                                                                               led to a 12.7% increase in constant currency
                                                                               underlying EBIT and reported underlying EPS of
                                                                                                                                      Exceeded maximum
                                                                               21.7 cents — growth of 28.2% before significant
                                                                               items.
                        Group asset management
                        Average working capital (AWC) as a % of sales          AWC continued to be a priority and the result for
                                                                               the financial year ended 30 June 2022 was
                                                                                                                                        Exceeded target
                                                                               6.6%, better than the medium/long-term goal of
                                                                               being less than 10%.
                        Individual strategic measures
                        Performance measures vary for each role and support    Performance outcomes varied for executives
                        Orora’s strategy of expanding and optimising Group     with assessments ranging from partially
                        outcomes while delivering our sustainability goals     achieved to fully achieved.                          Varied for each executive
                        (‘Our Promise to the Future’)

                        Safety overlay
                        Performance and leadership against a selection of      Safety results for the financial year ended 30
                        key safety metrics                                     June 2022 were disappointing and an overlay         5% reduction in outcome for
                                                                               was applied where appropriate.                       executive KMP; varied for
                                                                               A number of initiatives were launched across             other executives
                                                                               the business to address safety performance.
                        Performance overlay
                        The Board also considers:                              The Board considered how the executives
                        • if performance was aligned to Orora’s values.        achieved performance and was satisfied that
                        • if the Executive was proactive in overcoming         the STI outcomes were appropriate, and no
                                                                               further performance overlay was necessary.              No overlay applied
                            challenges in the delivery of the final outcome.
                        • what their individual contribution was to the
                            Group performance.




                    ORORA LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022                                                                                                             57
               DIRECTORS’ REPORT

               Remuneration
               report



               4.3. Group financial performance (total operations)
               The table below summarises the key indicators of Orora’s performance and relevant shareholder returns for the five years to 30 June




For personal use only
               2022. The table below shows total operations of the Group including the Australasian Fibre business which was divested during the FY20
               financial year, and which is presented in the Financial Report as a discontinued operation.

               Financial summary for year ended 30 June                             2022(A)                2021(B)                2020(B)                2019(B)                2018(B)

               EBIT ($m)                                                             285.5                  249.1                 288.2                  335.2                  323.4
               Dividends per ordinary share (cents)                                    16.5                  14.0                      12.0                13.0                   12.5
               Closing share price (as at 30 June)                                   $3.65                  $3.33                 $2.54                  $3.24                  $3.57
               EPS growth (%)                                                       28.2%                  (2.3%)               (22.9%)                   3.7%                  11.5%
               NPAT ($m)                                                             187.1                  156.7                     167.3               217.0                  214.1
               TSR (%)[C]                                                           18.4%                  32.6%                (13.4%)                 (5.6%)                  29.0%
               Operating cash flow ($m) [D]                                          272.6                  246.0                     57.9               268.9                  325.3
               RoAFE (%)[E]                                                         22.4%                  19.9%                  12.0%                  13.0%                  14.0%

               (A)      EBIT, NPAT, EPS growth and RoAFE exclude the impact of the significant item tax expense amount of $2.4 million recognised upon finalisation of the tax position
                        of the Australasian Fibre divestment. Refer to note 1.2 of the financial statements for further detail.
               (B)      EBIT, NPAT, EPS growth and RoAFE exclude the impact of the significant item income and expense items. Details of the significant items excluded from these
                        measures, for each year in the table above, can be found in the relevant 2018-2021 Annual Reports.
               (C)      TSR is calculated as the change in share price for the financial year, plus dividends paid during the financial year, divided by the opening share price for the
                        financial year.
               (D)      Operating cash flow excludes cash significant items that are considered to be outside the ordinary course of operations and non-recurring in nature but includes
                        non-growth net capital expenditure.
               (E)      RoAFE is calculated as Earnings Before Income and Tax (EBIT) excluding significant items divided by average funds employed.

               4.4. Remuneration changes for FY23
               Reflecting the overall performance of the Company, along with total compensation outcomes, the Board awarded Executive KMP a 2.5%
               increase in fixed remuneration, in line with market increases in FY22. A minor adjustment was made in July 2022 for Executive KMP to
               align their superannuation with the increased Superannuation Guarantee rate effective 1 July 2022.
               In determining remuneration for executives, Orora considers market relativity, skills, experience and past performance. Remuneration is
               reviewed annually and approved by the Board. For Australia based executives, Orora uses ASX-listed companies of a similar size
               (assessed by market capitalisation) and industry for comparison. For US based executives, Orora uses both ASX-listed companies and
               NYSE/NASDAQ-listed companies of a similar size and industry for comparison. For FY23, on reviewing market data and considering the
               overall performance of the Company, the Board has decided that the CEO will receive a fixed remuneration increase of 3.5%, in line with
               market increases, and the CFO will receive a fixed remuneration increase of 7.5%, to position his total remuneration at a market
               competitive level.
               The Board also considered it appropriate to Increase the LTI for the CEO from 70% to 100% of FR. This change aligns CEO pay with market
               pay levels for similar organisations and also supports Orora's focus on delivering long-term growth. When the CEO took office in 2019, his
               total fixed remuneration and target LTI award were set lower than his predecessor, which the Board determined at the time was
               appropriate for a new appointee. The Board now considers it appropriate to increase the target LTI award for the CEO to the same level as
               his predecessor. Executive focus on medium to long-term returns is reinforced by delivering a larger proportion of remuneration in the
               form of equity which vests after four years. For FY23, equity represents more than 45% of total target remuneration for the CEO which
               further enhances the alignment between executive and shareholder long-term interests.

               4.5. Short-term incentive outcomes
               FY22 STI award
               An overview of Orora’s performance measures for FY22 and achievement against these measures can be found in Section 4.2. Orora’s
               EBIT and AWC performance for FY22 exceeded the targets set by the Board. The FY22 STI outcomes reflect Orora’s resilience, improved
               execution of strategy and financial discipline despite ongoing challenging conditions. After considering individual and business
               performance against the financial and non-financial targets set by the Board, STI payments were paid as per the table below.

                                                                                                                     STI awarded[1]
                             Target STI             Maximum STI                                                                                                     % of maximum
               Executive KMP as % of FR              as % of FR              $              % of FR        Cash STI ($)          DSR ($)          # of DSR           STI forfeited

               B P Lowe                70%              100%            1,197,680             93.3%          798,455            399,225           108,485                6.7%
               S C Hughes              50%               75%            494,330               71.3%          329,554            164,776           44,776                 4.9%

               (1)      The cash and DSR will be granted in September 2022. DSR allocations are determined based on the volume-weighted average price of the Company’s shares for
                        the five trading days prior to 30 June 2022 ($3.68 per share).




               58                                                                                                                              ORORA LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                    DIRECTORS’ REPORT

                    Remuneration
                    report



                    STI award due to vest in FY22 and FY23
                    DSR awarded as part of the STI payment for the financial year ending 30 June 2019 vested in September 2021. The Board did not identify




For personal use only
                    any performance or conduct factors that would warrant lapsing of unvested equity. Accordingly, the Board approved full vesting of the
                    FY19 DSR.
                    DSR awarded as part of the STI payment for the financial year ended 30 June 2020 are due to vest in September 2022. The Board did not
                    identify any performance or conduct factors that would warrant lapsing of unvested equity. Accordingly, the Board approved full vesting
                    of the FY20 DSR. For this equity to vest, the executive must remain employed until the vesting date (September 2022).

                    4.6. Long-term incentive outcomes
                    FY22 LTI award
                    Details of the Executive KMP LTI opportunity and the actual award for FY22 are provided below:

                    Executive KMP        LTI as % of FR   # of units granted    Face value of grant[1]   Performance hurdles associated with the grant

                    B P Lowe                 70%               273,847                922,864            50% CAGR EPS with minimum RoAFE gateway of 15.0%.
                                                                                                         50% Relative Total Shareholder Return (TSR) with an absolute TSR
                                                                                                         gateway.
                    S C Hughes               70%               148,066                460,485            A one-year employment holding lock applies before vesting until
                                                                                                         31 August 2025.
                                                                                                         Refer to Section 3.1 for further details.

                    (1)   Face value of grant reflects the share price at the date the award was granted. The award for Mr Lowe was granted on 5 November 2021 ($3.37 per share), for
                          Mr Hughes the award was granted on 30 September 2021 ($3.11 per share).

                    LTI tested in FY22 and vesting in FY23
                    The FY19 grant was delivered as PR and Share Options (SO) with 100% of SO and 1/3 of PR subject to the EPS hurdle with RoAFE gateway
                    and 2/3 of PR subject to the RTSR hurdle with ATSR gateway. Refer to Section 6.3 for a more detailed explanation of the hurdles used and
                    the vesting schedule. The performance period for the grant commenced on 1 July 2018 and concluded on 30 June 2022 and this grant is
                    due to vest in August 2022. The results are outlined below:

                    Performance hurdles and gateways                 Result                                           Proportion vested                  Proportion lapsed

                    RoAFE gateway                                    Achieved                                         N/A
                    EPS hurdle                                       Partially achieved (6.5 %)                       81.6%                              18.4%
                    ATSR gateway                                     Achieved                                         N/A
                    RTSR hurdle                                      Partially achieved (70th percentile)             90%                                10%


                    As the performance hurdles were partially met, 85.8% of the FY19 LTI grant vested. During the end of the year review, the Board did not
                    identify any individual or Company performance or conduct factors that would warrant lapsing of any unvested LTI.

                    LTI tested in FY22 and vesting in FY24
                    The FY20 grant was delivered as PR with a three-year performance period and an additional one-year employment holding lock for
                    vesting. 50% of the PR are subject to the EPS hurdle with RoAFE gateway and 50% are subject to the RTSR hurdle with ATSR gateway.
                    Refer to Section 6.3 for a more detailed explanation of the hurdles used and the vesting schedule. The performance period for the grant
                    commenced on 1 July 2019 and concluded on 30 June 2022 and this grant is due to vest in August 2023 at the conclusion of the
                    one-year holding lock. The results are outlined below:

                                                                                                                      Proportion eligible to vest at
                                                                                                                      the end of the employment
                    Performance hurdles and gateways                 Result                                           holding lock                       Proportion lapsed

                    RoAFE gateway                                    Achieved                                         N/A
                    EPS hurdle                                       Achieved (8.3%)                                  100%                               0%
                    ATSR gateway                                     Achieved                                         N/A
                    RTSR hurdle                                      Achieved (82nd percentile)                       100%                               0%


                    As the performance hurdles were fully met, 100% of the FY20 LTI grant is eligible to vest in August 2023 at the end of the one-year
                    employment holding lock.




                    ORORA LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022                                                                                                                                59
               DIRECTORS’ REPORT

               Remuneration
               report



               4.7. Total remuneration realised by Executive KMP during FY22
               The table below summarises the remuneration realised by Executive KMP during the performance periods ended 30 June 2021 and 30




For personal use only
               June 2022. This table has been included to increase transparency and provide shareholders greater clarity around remuneration
               outcomes. This table differs from the statutory remuneration table in Section 6.2, which presents remuneration in accordance with
               accounting standards.
               Remuneration realised by Executive KMP for FY21 and FY22 is explained below.

               Remuneration component             Description

               Fixed                                 •   Comprises cash salary and contribution to retirement benefits for the relevant year.
               Remuneration (FR)

               Cash Short-Term                       •   Comprises the cash component of the STI earned in the relevant year which is paid after the issuance of the
               Incentive (STI)                           relevant financial year’s annual report.

               Deferred Share Rights                 •   Represents the value of DSR that were awarded as part of STI in previous years and vested in the relevant
               (DSR)                                     year. For 2022, this comprises the value of DSR awarded as part of the STI payment for the financial year
                                                         ended 30 June 2019 that vested in September 2021. For 2021, this comprises the value of DSR awarded as
                                                         part of the STI payment for the financial year ended 30 June 2018 that vested in September 2020.

               Performance Rights                    •   Represents the value of equity tested at the end of the performance period to 30 June and vesting is
               (PR)                                      approved by the Board. The value is based on the VWAP on the ASX for the five trading days up to and
                                                         including 30 June of the relevant year. The actual value realised will depend on the share price at exercise.
                                                         For this equity to vest, the executive must remain employed until the vesting date (and to the end of any
                                                         applicable employment holding lock periods). For 2022, this comprises the value of FY19 LTI that partially
                                                         vested. For 2021, this comprises the value of FY18 LTI that did not vest.



                                                                                                                            Incentives realised
                Executive KMP             Year                      Fixed Remuneration             Cash STI           DSR[1]            PR[2]              SO[3] Total remuneration

                B P Lowe                  2022                                1,275,347           798,453           10,275         322,500              19,951           2,426,526
                                          2021                               1,250,000            833,335           64,465                  -                  -         2,147,800
                S C Hughes[4]             2022                                 689,566            329,553                  -                -                  -          1,019,119
                                          2021                                 480,683            239,217                  -                -                  -           719,900

               (1)      The value of DSR was calculated using the VWAP on the ASX for the five trading days up to and including the vesting date. The VWAP for the DSR award that
                        vested during the period was $3.40 per share (2021: $2.27 per share).
               (2)      The value of PR was calculated using the VWAP on the ASX for the five trading days up to and including the end of the performance period. The VWAP for
                        30 June 2022 was $3.68 per share (2021: $3.28 per share).
               (3)      The value of the SO was calculated using the VWAP on the ASX for the five trading days up to and including the end of the performance period less the exercise
                        price of $3.58. The VWAP for 30 June 2022 was $3.68 per share (2021: $3.28 per share).
               (4)      S C Hughes was appointed CFO effective 15 October 2020 and was designated as a KMP from this date. The employee benefits for Mr Hughes in the comparative
                        period therefore represent the period 15 October 2020 to 30 June 2021.




               60                                                                                                                               ORORA LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                    DIRECTORS’ REPORT

                    Remuneration
                    report



                    5.    Non-Executive Director remuneration
                    The NED fee policy enables the Company to attract and retain high-quality Directors with relevant experience. The fee policy is reviewed




For personal use only
                    annually by the HRC. In setting and reviewing NED fees, the HRC considers fees paid by comparable companies and the qualifications and
                    experience necessary for the role, and provides recommendations to the Board.
                    NED receive a base fee for being a Director of the Board, and additional annual fees for either chairing the Audit, Risk and Compliance
                    Committee (ARCC) ($25,000), HRC or Safety, Sustainability & Environment Committee (SSEC) ($20,000). Where a NED is not a Chair of a
                    Committee, an additional $20,000 is paid for membership of two Committees, being membership of the ARCC, HRC and/or SSEC. No
                    additional fees are payable to the Chair of the Board for membership of Committees or other NEDs if they are already remunerated for
                    Chairing the ARCC, HRC or SSEC. No additional fees are paid for Chairing or membership of the Executive or Nomination Committees.
                    The current NED aggregate fee limit is $1,900,000 as approved by shareholders at the 2015 Annual General Meeting. No increase was
                    made to fixed-base fees or Committee fees, during the financial year ended 30 June 2022.
                    A minor adjustment (0.5%) was made in July 2022 to superannuation for all NEDs located in Australia to align with the increased
                    Superannuation Guarantee rate effective 1 July 2022.
                    NEDs do not receive performance-based remuneration and are not granted equity instruments by Orora as part of their remuneration.

                    6.    Additional required disclosures
                    6.1. Remuneration governance
                    The Board maintains overall accountability for the oversight of Orora’s remuneration approach for all Orora executives and NEDs, having
                    regard to the recommendations made by the HRC. The HRC reviews and makes recommendations to the Board on NED and executive
                    remuneration and at-risk remuneration policies for all Orora executives taking into account business strategy, corporate governance
                    principles, market practice and stakeholder interests. More information on the Board’s role and Orora’s corporate governance policies for
                    KMP (including minimum shareholding, share trading, and the prohibition of hedging or margin lending in respect of Orora securities) can
                    be found on Orora’s website at: https://www.ororagroup.com/investors/policies-and-standards.
                    During the reporting period, the HRC did not receive any remuneration recommendations (as defined by the Corporations Act 2001) from
                    external consultants.




                    ORORA LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022                                                                                                       61
               DIRECTORS’ REPORT

               Remuneration
               report



               6.2. Statutory remuneration disclosures
               Executive KMP remuneration




For personal use only
               Details of the Executive KMP remuneration prepared in accordance with statutory requirements and accounting standards during the
               reporting period are given in the table below.

                                                                                                                                     Share-based                          Performance
                                                                    Other                                         Long service         payments              Total              related
                Executive KMP         Year       Base salary     benefits[1] Superannuation        Cash STI              leave     (DSR/PR/SO)[2]     remuneration       remuneration

                B P Lowe             2022         1,239,710                -          23,568       798,453             49,340            830,513         2,941,584             55.4%
                                     2021         1,228,306                -          21,694       833,335             25,300           229,340          2,337,975             45.5%
                S C Hughes[3]        2022           701,180                -          23,568       329,553              16,547          243,355          1,314,203             43.6%
                                     2021          465,234                 -          15,449       239,217               8,908            99,847           828,655             40.9%
                S G Hutton[4]        2021          336,653        342,612             21,694                 -           6,872         (415,498)           292,333                       -

               (1)      Other benefits include costs associated with employment (inclusive of any fringe benefits tax) and include notice period payments.
               (2)      The value of the share-based payments represents the accounting fair value of restricted shares, options, rights and performance rights granted, collectively
                        referred to as the ‘grants’. In accordance with the Accounting Standards the accounting fair value of the grants is recognised proportionally over the grant’s
                        performance period. The amounts above represent management’s best estimate, at the date of this report, of the likelihood that the performance conditions of
                        the grants being met and will therefore vest, at which point the Executive KMP will be entitled to receive the share-based payment. If the performance
                        conditions are not met, the Executive KMP will not be entitled to the share-based payment. The comparative period value of share-based payments includes
                        negative amounts relating to options and rights that did not vest during the period as non-market conditions were not met and for rights that were forfeited on
                        retirement.
               (3)      S C Hughes was appointed CFO effective 15 October 2020 and was designated as a KMP from this date. The employee benefits for Mr Hughes in the comparative
                        period therefore represent the period 15 October 2020 to 30 June 2021.
               (4)      S G Hutton retired as CFO on 15 October 2020 and ceased to be designated as a KMP from this date. The employee benefits above for Mr Hutton represent the
                        period 1 July 2020 to 31 December 2020 which includes his notice period. Mr Hutton remained an employee during his notice period to assist the transition of
                        the new Chief Financial Officer but he was not a KMP.

               NED remuneration
               Details of the NED remuneration during the reporting period are given in the table below.

                NED                                      Year                  Base and Committee fees                Superannuation benefits                     Total remuneration

               A R H Sindel                             2022                                    396,606                                 23,568                              420,174
                                                        2021                                    396,606                                 21,694                              418,300
               A P Cleland                              2022                                     210,868                                21,087                              231,955
                                                        2021                                     210,868                                20,032                              230,900
               M A Fraser[1]                            2022                                      52,477                                 5,248                                57,725
                                                        2021                                             -                                     -                                     -
               T J Gorman                               2022                                    230,900                                        -                            230,900
                                                        2021                                    230,900                                        -                            230,900
               S L Lewis                                2022                                     215,434                                21,543                              236,977
                                                        2021                                     215,434                                20,466                              235,900
               J L Sutcliffe                            2022                                     210,868                                21,087                              231,955
                                                        2021                                     210,868                                20,032                              230,900

               (1)      M A Fraser was appointed as a Director on 1 April 2022. The above remuneration represents the period from 1 April 2022 to 30 June 2022.




               62                                                                                                                             ORORA LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                    DIRECTORS’ REPORT

                    Remuneration
                    report



                    6.3. Terms of equity grants
                    Performance Rights granted from FY20




For personal use only
                    The FY20 and FY21 PR were granted consistent with the terms described in Section 3.1.
                    PR subject to an EPS hurdle must first meet a minimum RoAFE gateway to vest. RoAFE is calculated as EBIT excluding significant items
                    divided by the average funds employed in each financial year at the 30 June testing date. EPS measures the earnings generated by the
                    Group attributable to each Orora share. EPS is calculated based on the net profit after tax (NPAT) excluding significant items calculated
                    on a constant currency basis for the relevant financial year divided by the weighted average number of Orora shares on issue.
                    The growth in the Group’s EPS over the relevant performance period will be calculated as the increase in audited EPS over the base EPS
                    (the normalised EPS outcome for the previous financial year). The compound growth in EPS will be expressed as a cumulative percentage.
                    If the RoAFE gateway is not met in the relevant performance period, all PR subject to the EPS hurdle will lapse. If the RoAFE gateway is
                    met, the PR subject to the EPS hurdle will vest in accordance with the vesting schedule below.
                    RTSR measures the growth in the Group’s share price together with the value of dividends declared and paid or any other returns of
                    capital during the performance period against companies ranked 50 to 150 on the S&P/ASX index as at the start of the performance
                    period.
                    The share price used to calculate the TSR of the Group and each of the comparator companies for the performance period will be
                    measured as follows:
                    •    the opening share price is the VWAP on the ASX for the final 20 trading days of the previous financial year for PR granted from FY22.
                         For the FY20 and FY21 grants, the opening share price is the VWAP on the ASX for the final five trading days of the previous financial
                         year.
                    •    the closing share price is the VWAP on the ASX for the final 20 trading days of the performance period.

                    PR subject to the RTSR hurdle must first meet a minimum ATSR gateway to vest. The ATSR gateway is a condition that Orora’s TSR over
                    the performance period must not be negative. If the ATSR gateway is not met in the relevant performance period, all PR subject to the
                    RTSR hurdle will lapse. If the ATSR gateway is met, the PR subject to the RTSR hurdle will vest in accordance with the vesting schedule
                    below.

                    % CAGR in EPS over                 % of PR subject to EPS                RTSR over                          % of PR subject to RTSR hurdle that
                    performance period                 hurdle that will vest                 performance period                 will vest

                    Below 4%                           0%                                    Below 50th percentile              0%
                    4%                                 50%                                   50th percentile                    50%
                    Between 4% and 8%                  Pro-rata straight line vesting will   Between 50th and 75th percentile   Pro-rata straight line vesting will
                                                       occur between 50% and 100%                                               occur between 50% and 100%
                    8% or higher                       100%                                  75th percentile or higher          100%


                    Orora engages the services of an independent external provider to calculate TSR performance.

                    Performance Rights and Share Options granted prior to FY20
                    PR granted in FY19 had similar terms to the FY20 grant. The main differences between the grants are:
                    •    The FY19 grant had a four-year performance period.
                    •    Grants were delivered as PR and SO with 100% of SO and 1/3 of PR subject to the EPS hurdle with RoAFE gateway and 2/3rd of PR
                         subject to the RTSR hurdle with an ATSR gateway.
                    •    The comparator group used for the RTSR hurdle are companies ranked 30 to 130 on the S&P/ASX index as at the start of the
                         performance period.

                    Rebased FY19 and FY20 Long-Term Incentive performance hurdles and gateways
                    On 30 April 2020, Orora completed the sale of its Australasian Fibre business to a wholly owned subsidiary of Nippon Paper Industries
                    Co., Limited. The subsequent capital return and share consolidation approved by shareholders, required the Orora Board to consider any
                    potential impact on Orora’s employee equity incentive plans, under the rules governing those plans, to minimise or eliminate any resulting
                    material advantage or disadvantage to employees. The Board determined there would be no change to PR, but the options on foot would
                    be restructured. The restructure did not result in a material change to the quantum or exercise price of options awarded.
                    As indicated in the 2020 Remuneration Report, to ensure fair and equitable treatment to employees aligned to shareholders’ interests,
                    the Board exercised its discretion to re-base the EPS calculation for LTI grants with a vesting date of August 2021 and beyond to exclude
                    the divested Australasian Fibre business. In October 2020, the Board reviewed the performance hurdles and gateways associated with
                    the LTI plan and reset the RoAFE gateway and base EPS to an appropriate level for continuing businesses. The RoAFE gateway was reset
                    from 12.5% to 15% for grants prior to FY21 to balance performance targets for the continuing businesses with the need to find new
                    growth opportunities. The RoAFE gateway for the FY21 grant remained at 12.5%. The base EPS was reset to 16.5 cents (from 17.4 cents)
                    and 17.2 cents (from 18.0 cents) for the FY19 and FY20 grants respectively to reflect the size of Orora’s continuing businesses. There
                    was no change made to the vesting schedule or the performance thresholds required for vesting.
                    There was no change made to the ATSR gateway and RTSR hurdle.


                    ORORA LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022                                                                                                              63
               DIRECTORS’ REPORT

               Remuneration
               report



               6.4. Options and Rights over equity instruments
               The table below shows the DSR, PR and SO held by Executive KMP during the reporting period. Any rights that vest will automatically be




For personal use only
               exercised at no cost on or around the time that Orora notifies the participant of vesting. During the period no share options vested nor
               were any exercised by the Executive KMP.
                                                                                                   Vested                    Lapsed              Unvested
                Type of         Grant            Number       First date       Expiry                                                                        Fair value     Exercise
                equity          date             granted     exercisable        date          Number             %     Number             %        Number      at grant        price

               B P Lowe[1]
               DSR          27/08/2021          127,032 01/09/2023 01/09/2023                        -            -            -            -     127,032        $3.13                -
               DSR          15/09/2020           70,640 01/09/2022 01/09/2022                        -            -            -            -      70,640        $2.14                -
               DSR          13/09/2019             3,022 01/09/2021 01/09/2021                 3,022        100%               -            -            -      $2.65                 -
               PR            5/11/2021          273,847 31/08/2025 31/08/2025                        -            -            -            -    273,847        $2.27                 -
               PR           28/10/2020          339,147 30/08/2024 01/09/2024                        -            -            -            -     339,147        $1.81                -
               PR           22/11/2019          270,900 31/08/2023 01/09/2023                        -            -            -            -    270,900        $2.23                 -
               PR           22/10/2018          100,500 31/08/2022 30/08/2022                        -            -            -            -     100,500        $1.91                -
               PR           20/10/2017          122,000 30/08/2021 30/08/2021                        -            -   122,000         100%               -      $2.36                 -
               SO           22/10/2018          244,500 30/8/2022 30/08/2027                         -            -            -            -    244,500        $0.38         $3.58
               SO           20/10/2017          465,500 30/08/2021 30/08/2026                        -            -   465,500         100%               -      $0.63         $2.86
               S C Hughes
               DSR          27/08/2021           36,466 01/09/2023 01/09/2023                        -            -            -            -      36,466        $3.13                -
               PR           30/09/2021          148,066 30/06/2025 01/09/2025                        -            -            -            -     148,066        $1.99                -
               PR           06/11/2020          183,000 30/06/2024 01/09/2024                        -            -            -            -     183,000        $1.78                -

               (1)      B P Lowe was appointed Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer effective 1 October 2019 and was designated a KMP from this date. Grants prior to this
                        date relate to his previous roles.




               64                                                                                                                               ORORA LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                    DIRECTORS’ REPORT

                    Remuneration
                    report



                    6.5. Shareholdings
                    To strengthen alignment of the interests of Orora’s executives and NEDs with shareholders, there is a minimum shareholding requirement




For personal use only
                    (MSR).

                    Executive KMP shareholdings
                    The CEO and other executives are required to build and maintain a shareholding equivalent to 100% and 50% of FR respectively within six
                    years of their appointment. Once the relevant MSR has been attained, executives must not dispose of Orora equity granted as incentive
                    on or after 1 January 2014, where it will result in them holding less than the MSR.

                                          Balance on          Received on Shares acquired during          Shares disposed of      Closing balance on Value of total holdings
                        Executive         1 July 2021     exercise of grant     reporting period      during reporting period          30 June 2022             as a % of FR

                        B P Lowe            538,634                3,022                     1,000                          -              542,656                  156.7%
                        S C Hughes           55,000                     -                   50,000                          -               105,000                   56.1%


                    Non-Executive Director shareholdings
                    The Board resolved in August 2020 to adopt an updated Board Charter that, amongst other things, specifies that Non-Executive Directors
                    will be expected to purchase Orora shares (at times when they are permitted to trade) to achieve a shareholding equivalent in value to
                    one year’s base fee remuneration within five years of joining the Board, or going forward, for existing NED, and thereafter to maintain at
                    least that level of shareholding throughout their tenure.

                                                   Balance on      Shares acquired during         Shares disposed of            Closing balance on    Value of total holdings
                        NED                        1 July 2021           reporting period     during reporting period                30 June 2022        as a % of base fees
                        A R H Sindel                    140,000                         -                           -                    140,000                    130.0%
                        A P Cleland                     128,574                   2,058                             -                    130,632                    228.1%
                        M A Fraser                            -                  55,000                             -                     55,000                     86.9%
                        T J Gorman                      56,000                          -                           -                     56,000                     89.3%
                        S L Lewis                        91,705                    2,130                            -                     93,835                    160.4%
                        J L Sutcliffe                   131,355                         -                           -                    131,355                    229.4%


                    6.6. Executive KMP service agreements
                    The details of the contract terms for the Executive KMP are disclosed:

                    Type of contract       Permanent ongoing
                    Notice period          six months
                    Termination payment    Greater of amount payable required by law
                                           and payments in lieu of notice (total termination
                                           payment must not exceed 12 months’ FR)


                    6.7. Transactions with KMP
                    No other transactions occurred between KMP and the Group during the reporting period.

                    6.8. Loans to KMP or related parties
                    No loans to KMP or related parties were provided during the reporting period.




                    ORORA LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022                                                                                                                      65
               DIRECTORS’ REPORT

               Directors’
               declaration
               This Directors’ report is made in accordance with a resolution of the Directors.




For personal use only
               A R SINDEL
               CHAIR
               18 August 2022




               66                                                                                 ORORA LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                    Auditor’s independence
                    declaration




For personal use only



                    ORORA LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022   67
               Financial
               report
               This is the financial report of Orora Limited    Notes to the financial statements provide
               (the Company) and its subsidiaries               information required by statute,
               (collectively referred to as the Group).         accounting standards or Listing Rules to




For personal use only
                                                                explain a particular feature of the
               The financial report has been prepared in a
                                                                financial statements. The notes which
               style that attempts to make the report less
                                                                follow also provide explanation and
               complex and more relevant to
                                                                additional disclosures to assist readers in
               shareholders. The note disclosures have
                                                                their understanding and the
               been grouped into a number of sections
                                                                interpretation of the Annual Report and
               with each section also including details of
                                                                the financial statements.
               the accounting policies applied in
               producing the relevant note, along with
               details of any key judgements and
               estimates used.




               In this section


               Financial statements                       68    Notes to the financial statements       74    Financial risk management            110
               Income statement                           69    About this report                       74    5.1   Market risks                   111
               Statement of comprehensive income          70    Results for the year                    76    5.2   Credit risk                    116
               Statement of financial position             71    1.1   Segment results                  76    5.3   Liquidity and funding risk     116
               Statement of changes in equity             72     1.2   Significant items                80    5.4   Hedging instruments            119
               Cash flow statement                        73     1.3   Earnings per share (EPS)         81    Group structure                      122
                                                                 1.4   Income                           82    6.1   Principal subsidiary           122
                                                                                                                    undertakings and
                                                                 1.5   Operating costs                  83          investments
                                                                Capital structure and financing         84    6.2   Orora Employee Share Trust     122
                                                                 2.1   Capital management               84    Other notes to the                   123
                                                                 2.2   Dividends                        85    financial statements
                                                                 2.3   Net debt                         86    7.1   Share-based compensation       123
                                                                 2.4   Equity                           89    7.2   Auditors’ remuneration         126
                                                                Assets and liabilities                  93    7.3   Commitments and contingent     126
                                                                 3.1   Trade and other receivables      93          liabilities
                                                                 3.2   Inventories                      94    7.4   Orora Limited                  127
                                                                 3.3   Trade and other payables         95    7.5   Deed of Cross Guarantee        128
                                                                 3.4   Other assets                     95    7.6   Related party transactions     131
                                                                 3.5   Property, plant and equipment    96    7.7   Key Management Personnel       131
                                                                 3.6   Leases                           97    7.8   New and amended                132
                                                                                                                    accounting standards
                                                                 3.7   Intangible assets               101          and interpretations
                                                                 3.8   Impairment of                   102
                                                                       non-financial assets
                                                                 3.9   Provisions                      104
                                                                Income tax                             107
                                                                 4.1   Income tax expense              107
                                                                 4.2   Deferred tax balances           108




               68                                                                                                        ORORA LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                    Income
                    statement
                    FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2022


                        $ million                                                                                                                   Note              2022              2021




For personal use only
                        Continuing Operations
                        Sales revenue                                                                                                                1.1           4,090.8          3,538.0
                        Cost of sales                                                                                                                             (3,318.0)        (2,863.8)

                        Gross profit                                                                                                                                 772.8            674.2

                        Other income                                                                                                                 1.4                3.9              3.6
                        Sales and marketing expenses                                                                                                                (233.1)          (201.5)
                        General and administration expenses                                                                                                         (258.1)          (265.8)
                                                 (1)
                        Profit from operations                                                                                                                       285.5            210.5


                        Finance income                                                                                                               1.4                0.6              0.2
                        Finance expenses                                                                                                             1.5              (27.3)           (33.0)
                        Net finance costs                                                                                                                             (26.7)           (32.8)


                        Profit before related income tax expense                                                                                                     258.8            177.7
                        Income tax expense                                                                                                           4.1              (71.7)           (48.0)

                        Profit from continuing operations                                                                                                             187.1           129.7


                                                       (2)
                        Discontinued Operations
                        (Loss)/profit from discontinued operations, net of tax                                                                       1.2               (2.4)             6.1

                        Profit for the financial period attributable to the owners of Orora Limited                                                                  184.7            135.8



                                                                                                                                                                     Cents            Cents

                        Earnings per share for profit from continuing operations attributable to the ordinary equity holders
                        of Orora Limited
                        Basic earnings per share                                                                                                     1.3               21.7             14.0
                        Diluted earnings per share                                                                                                   1.3               21.5             13.9

                                                                                                                           (2)
                        Earnings per share for profit attributable to the ordinary equity holders of Orora Limited
                        Basic earnings per share                                                                                                     1.3               21.4             14.6
                        Diluted earnings per share                                                                                                   1.3               21.2             14.5

                    (1) In the comparative period the profit from continuing operations, includes a significant item expense of $38.6 million (after tax $27.0 million) relating to additional
                        expected costs associated with the decommissioning of the Petrie site. Refer to note 1.2 for further details of the significant items.
                    (2) On 30 April 2020, the Group completed the sale of its Australasian Fibre business, accordingly, the financial results of this business are presented separately as a
                        discontinued operation within this income statement. The earnings per share includes the after-tax net loss on sale of $2.4 million (2021: after-tax net gain $6.1
                        million) recognised in respect of the sale of the Australasian Fibre business, refer note 1.2. Further details regarding the sale of the Australasian Fibre business
                        can be found in the 2021 and 2020 Annual Reports.

                    The above Income Statement should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes.




                    ORORA LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022                                                                                                                                      69
               Statement of
               comprehensive income
               FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2022


                $ million                                                                                                Note         2022          2021




For personal use only
                Profit for the financial period                                                                                      184.7        135.8

                Other comprehensive income/(expense)

                    Items that may be reclassified to profit or loss:
                    Cash flow hedge reserve
                       Unrealised gain on cash flow hedges                                                               2.4.2          9.9          2.9
                        Realised (gain)/loss transferred to profit or loss                                               2.4.2         (2.5)         5.7
                        Realised gains transferred to non-financial assets                                               2.4.2         (4.6)            -
                        Income tax relating to these items                                                                             (0.8)        (2.4)

                    Exchange fluctuation reserve
                        Exchange differences on translation of foreign operations                                                      31.2        (42.9)
                        Net investment hedge of foreign operations                                                                     (3.9)         7.5

                Other comprehensive income/(expense) for the financial period, net of tax                                             29.3         (29.2)

                Total comprehensive income for the financial period attributable to the owners of Orora Limited                      214.0        106.6



                Total comprehensive income for the financial period attributable to the owners of Orora Limited arises
                from:
                    Continuing operations                                                                                            216.4        100.5
                    Discontinued operations                                                                                            (2.4)         6.1
                                                                                                                                     214.0        106.6

               The above Statement of Comprehensive Income should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes.




               70                                                                                                        ORORA LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                    Statement of
                    financial position
                    AS AT 30 JUNE 2022


                        $ million                                                                                          Note      2022      2021




For personal use only
                        Current assets
                        Cash and cash equivalents                                                                          2.3       52.6      50.6
                        Trade and other receivables                                                                        3.1      561.8     498.4
                        Inventories                                                                                        3.2      650.8     399.1
                        Derivatives                                                                                        5.4       15.8       4.2
                        Other current assets                                                                               3.4       26.7      28.5
                        Total current assets                                                                                       1,307.7    980.8

                        Non-current assets
                        Property, plant and equipment                                                                      3.5      685.2     627.5
                        Right-of-use assets                                                                                3.6      173.7     200.5
                        Deferred tax assets                                                                                4.2       16.1      26.2
                        Goodwill and intangible assets                                                                     3.7      433.2     411.2
                        Derivatives                                                                                        5.4         1.1       0.5
                        Other non-current assets                                                                           3.4        91.8     77.9
                        Total non-current assets                                                                                   1,401.1   1,343.8
                        Total assets                                                                                               2,708.8   2,324.6

                        Current liabilities
                        Trade and other payables                                                                           3.3      931.2     650.8
                        Borrowings                                                                                         2.3       35.0          -
                        Lease liabilities                                                                              2.3, 3.6      49.7      48.0
                        Derivatives                                                                                      5.4          1.9       2.3
                        Current tax liabilities                                                                                       17.6     16.9
                        Provisions                                                                                         3.9       86.9      88.3
                        Total current liabilities                                                                                  1,122.3    806.3

                        Non-current liabilities
                        Other payables                                                                                     3.3        5.0       1.8
                        Borrowings                                                                                         2.3      646.6     503.5
                        Lease liabilities                                                                              2.3, 3.6     174.8     204.8
                        Derivatives                                                                                      5.4            -       0.4
                        Deferred tax liabilities                                                                           4.2        13.7       6.8
                        Provisions                                                                                         3.9        14.7     32.4
                        Total non-current liabilities                                                                               854.8     749.7
                        Total liabilities                                                                                          1,977.1   1,556.0
                        NET ASSETS                                                                                                  731.7     768.6


                        Equity
                        Contributed equity and treasury shares                                                             2.4.1    (37.3)     80.8
                        Reserves                                                                                           2.4.2    138.9     107.6
                        Retained earnings                                                                                  2.4.3    630.1     580.2
                        TOTAL EQUITY                                                                                                731.7     768.6

                    The above Statement of Financial Position should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes.




                    ORORA LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022                                                                                             71
               Statement of
               changes in equity
               FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2022



                                                                                        Attributable to owners of Orora Limited




For personal use only
                                                                        Contributed
                                                                         equity and               Share-based                  Exchange
                                                                           treasury     Cash flow    payment Demerger        fluctuation   Retained     Total
                $ million                                       Note         shares hedge reserve     reserve  reserve           reserve   earnings    equity

                Balance at 1 July 2020                                      333.6          (4.4)         11.1      132.9           (0.4)     557.4    1,030.2

                Net profit for the financial period             2.4.3             -           -              -          -             -      135.8     135.8
                Other comprehensive income/(expense):
                Unrealised gain on cash flow hedges             2.4.2             -         2.9              -          -             -          -       2.9
                Realised losses transferred to profit or loss   2.4.2             -         5.7              -          -             -          -       5.7
                Exchange differences on translation of
                                                                                  -           -              -          -         (35.4)         -     (35.4)
                foreign operations
                Deferred tax                                                      -        (2.4)             -          -             -          -       (2.4)
                Total other comprehensive income/(expense)                        -         6.2              -          -         (35.4)         -     (29.2)
                Transactions with owners in their capacity
                as owners:
                Share buyback                                   2.4.1      (256.2)            -              -          -             -          -    (256.2)
                Purchase of treasury shares                     2.4.1        (0.9)            -              -          -             -          -      (0.9)
                Proceeds received from employees on
                                                                2.4.1          1.0            -              -          -             -          -        1.0
                exercise of options
                Settlement of options and performance
                                                                2.4.1          3.3            -          (3.3)          -             -          -          -
                rights
                Share-based payment expense                     7.1               -           -           0.9           -             -           -      0.9
                Dividends paid                                  2.2               -           -             -           -             -     (113.0)   (113.0)
                Balance at 30 June 2021                                       80.8          1.8           8.7       132.9         (35.8)     580.2     768.6
                Net profit for the financial period             2.4.3             -           -              -          -             -      184.7     184.7
                Other comprehensive income/(expense):
                Unrealised gain on cash flow hedges             2.4.2             -         9.9              -          -             -          -        9.9
                Realised gains transferred to profit or loss    2.4.2             -        (2.5)             -          -             -          -       (2.5)
                Realised gains transferred to non-financial
                                                                2.4.2             -        (4.6)             -          -             -          -       (4.6)
                assets
                Exchange differences on translation of
                                                                                  -           -              -          -         27.3           -      27.3
                foreign operations
                Deferred tax                                                      -        (0.8)             -          -             -          -       (0.8)
                Total other comprehensive income                                  -         2.0              -          -         27.3           -      29.3
                Transactions with owners in their capacity
                as owners:
                Share buyback                                   2.4.1       (109.0)           -              -          -             -           -   (109.0)
                Purchase of treasury shares                     2.4.1         (12.8)          -              -          -             -           -     (12.8)
                Settlement of options and performance           2.4.1           3.7           -          (3.7)          -             -           -          -
                Share-based payment expense                      7.1               -          -           5.7           -             -           -       5.7
                Dividends paid                                   2.2               -          -              -          -             -     (134.8)   (134.8)
                Balance at 30 June 2022                                      (37.3)         3.8          10.7       132.9          (8.5)     630.1     731.7

               The above Statement of Changes in Equity should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes.




               72                                                                                                           ORORA LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                    Cash flow
                    statement
                    FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2022


                        $ million                                                                                                            Note              2022           2021




For personal use only
                        Cash flows from/(used in) operating activities
                        Profit for the financial period from continuing operations                                                                            187.1          129.7
                        Depreciation and amortisation of finance leased assets                                                                1.5              64.4           68.1
                        Amortisation of right-of-use assets                                                                                   1.5              44.6           44.2
                        Amortisation of intangible assets                                                                                     1.5               8.9            7.9
                        Net finance costs                                                                                                                      26.7           32.8
                        Net loss on disposal of non-current assets                                                                                              1.3            1.9
                        Net gain on disposal of leases                                                                                                         (2.5)              -
                        Fair value gain on financial instruments at fair value through income statement                                                        (0.4)          (0.2)
                        Share-based payment expense                                                                                           7.1               5.7            0.9
                        Net impairment losses and other sundry items                                                                                           22.8           24.4
                        Restructuring and decommissioning expense                                                                             1.2                  -          38.6
                        Income tax expense                                                                                                                     71.7           48.0
                        Operating cash inflow before changes in working capital and provisions                                                               430.3           396.3
                         - (Increase)/decrease in trade and other receivables                                                                                (52.7)          (81.5)
                         - (Increase)/decrease in inventories                                                                                               (239.2)          (17.9)
                         - (Increase)/decrease in prepayments and other operating assets                                                                       (5.5)          17.1
                         - Increase/(decrease) in trade and other payables                                                                                   220.6            12.0
                         - Increase/(decrease) in provisions                                                                                                  (12.9)         (24.4)
                                                                                                                                                             340.6           301.6
                        Interest received                                                                                                                       0.1            0.2
                        Interest and finance costs paid                                                                                                      (27.7)          (32.7)
                        Income tax (paid)/received                                                                                                           (55.4)            1.5
                        Net cash inflow from continuing operating activities                                                                                 257.6           270.6
                        Net cash used in discontinued operating activities                                                                                         -               -
                        Net cash inflow from operating activities                                                                                            257.6           270.6

                        Cash flows from/(used in) investing activities
                        Granting of amounts to associated companies and other persons                                                                          (3.9)           (0.1)
                        Government grant received                                                                                                               5.0                -
                        Payments for acquisition of controlled entities and businesses, net of cash acquired                                                       -           (1.9)
                        Payments for property, plant and equipment and intangible assets                                                                      (92.2)          (57.1)
                        Proceeds on disposal of non-current assets                                                                                              0.5             1.9
                        Net cash flows used in continuing investing activities                                                                                (90.6)         (57.2)
                                                                                (1)
                        Net cash flows from discontinued investing activities                                                                                  (9.3)          20.7
                        Net cash flows used in investing activities                                                                                           (99.9)         (36.5)

                        Cash flows from/(used in) financing activities
                        Proceeds from exercise of employee share options                                                                     2.4.1                  -          1.0
                        Share buyback                                                                                                        2.4.1           (109.0)        (256.2)
                        Payments for treasury shares                                                                                         2.4.1             (12.8)         (0.9)
                                                  (2)
                        Proceeds from borrowings                                                                                                              150.1          131.8
                        Principal lease repayments                                                                                                            (49.3)         (48.9)
                        Dividends paid and other equity distributions                                                                         2.2            (134.8)        (113.0)
                        Net cash flows used in continuing financing activities                                                                               (155.8)        (286.2)
                        Net cash flows from discontinued financing activities                                                                                      -              -
                        Net cash flows used in financing activities                                                                                          (155.8)        (286.2)

                        Net increase/(decrease) in cash held                                                                                                    1.9          (52.1)
                        Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the financial period                                                                     50.6          107.3
                        Effects of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents                                                                           0.1           (4.6)
                                                                                       (3)
                        Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the financial period                                                          2.3              52.6           50.6
                    (1) Net cash flows from discontinued investing activities in the current period represents payments for the settlement of amounts already provided for relating to the
                        sale of the Australasian Fibre business. In the comparative period, the cash flows represent net receipts received on finalisation of the post-close completion
                        process of the sale. Further details regarding the sale of the Australasian Fibre business can be found in the 2021 and 2020 Annual Reports.
                    (2) Short-term draw downs and repayments of facilities are presented net within the financing activities of the cash flow statement.
                    (3) For the purpose of the cash flow statement, cash and cash equivalents includes cash on hand and at bank and short-term money market investments, net of
                        outstanding bank overdrafts. Refer to note 2.3 for details of the financing arrangements of the Group.

                    The above cash flow statement should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes.



                    ORORA LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022                                                                                                                                   73
               Notes to the
               financial statements
               FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2022


               About this report                                                    Foreign currency
               Orora Limited (the Company) is a for-profit entity for the           Items included in the financial statements of each of the entities




For personal use only
               purposes of preparing this financial report and is domiciled in      included within the Group are measured using the currency of
               Australia. The Company and its subsidiaries (collectively referred   the economic environment in which the entity primarily
               to as the Group) are primarily involved in the manufacture and       generates and expends cash (the ‘functional currency’). These
               supply of packaging products and services to grocery, fast           financial statements are presented in Australian dollars, which is
               moving consumer goods and industrial markets.                        the functional and reporting currency of the Company, Orora
                                                                                    Limited.
               This financial report is a general purpose financial report which:
               •    has been prepared in accordance with Australian Accounting      Transactions in foreign currencies are initially recorded in the
                    Standards (AASBs), including Australian Accounting              functional currency of the entity using the exchange rate
                    Interpretations adopted by the AASB, and the Corporations       prevailing at the date of the transaction. Monetary assets and
                    Act 2001. The financial report of the Group also complies       liabilities denominated in foreign currencies are translated at the
                    with International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRSs) and    rate of exchange ruling at the balance sheet date. Foreign
                    Interpretations as issued by the International Accounting       exchange gains and losses arising from the translation of the
                    Standards Board (IASB);                                         monetary assets and liabilities, or from the settlement of foreign
                                                                                    currency transactions, are recognised in the income statement,
               •    has been prepared under the historical cost basis except for    except when deferred in equity as qualifying cash flow hedges or
                    financial instruments which have been measured at fair          net investment hedges. The amounts deferred in equity in
                    value. Non–derivative financial instruments are measured at     respect of cash flow hedges are recognised in the income
                    fair value through the income statement;                        statement when the hedged item affects profit or loss and for
               •    is presented in Australian dollars with values rounded to the   net investment hedges when the investment is disposed of.
                    nearest $100,000 unless otherwise stated, in accordance
                    with the ASIC Corporations (Rounding in Financial/Directors’    As at the reporting date, the assets and liabilities of entities
                    Reports) Instrument 2016/191;                                   within the Group that have a functional currency different from
                                                                                    the presentation currency, are translated into Australian dollars
               •    presents reclassified comparative information where
                                                                                    at the rate of exchange at the balance sheet date and the
                    required for consistency with the current period
                                                                                    income statements are translated at the average exchange rate
                    presentation;
                                                                                    for the year. The exchange differences arising on the balance
               •    adopts all new and amended Accounting Standards and             sheet translation are taken directly to a separate component of
                    Interpretations issued by the AASB that are relevant to the     equity in the Exchange Fluctuation Reserve.
                    operations of the Group and effective for reporting periods
                    beginning on or after 1 July 2021 (refer note 7.8);                  Judgements and estimates
               •    does not early adopt any Accounting Standards and
                                                                                    The preparation of the financial statements requires
                    Interpretations that have been issued or amended, but are
                                                                                    management to exercise judgement in applying the Group’s
                    not yet effective; and
                                                                                    accounting policies. It also requires the use of estimates and
               •    has applied Group accounting policies consistently to all       assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets,
                    periods presented.                                              liabilities, income and expenses.

               This general purpose financial report for the Group for the year     The areas involving a higher degree of judgement or complexity
               ended 30 June 2022 was authorised for issue in accordance            are set out below and in more detail in the related notes:
               with a resolution of the Directors on 18 August 2022. The
               Directors have the power to amend and reissue the financial           Note
               report.
                                                                                     Note 3.6     Leases

               Basis of consolidation                                                Note 3.8     Impairment of non-financial assets

               The consolidated financial statements comprise the financial          Note 3.9     Provisions
               statements of the Company and its controlled entities. Details of     Section 4    Income tax
               the controlled entities (subsidiaries) of the Company are
                                                                                     Note 5.4     Hedging instruments
               contained in note 6.1.
                                                                                     Note 7.3     Commitments and contingent liabilities
               The financial statements of subsidiaries are included in the
               consolidated financial statements from the date that the Group
               obtains control until the date that control ceases. The subsidiary   Climate change
               financial statements are prepared for the same reporting period
               as the parent company, using consistent accounting policies and      The Group's current strategy to manage climate related risk and
               all balances and transactions between entities included within       opportunity is underpinned by Orora's Circular Economy and
               the Group are eliminated.                                            Climate Change pillars of the Group’s Sustainability strategy, Our
                                                                                    Promise to the Future. This strategy focuses on reducing gross
               The acquisition of subsidiaries is accounted for using the           greenhouse gas emissions across the Group and investing in low
               acquisition method of accounting when control is obtained by         emissions technologies and renewable energy sources, as well
               the Group.                                                           as maximising the recycled content of our products to ensure
                                                                                    they can be continually recycled to minimise waste and pollution
                                                                                    and to reduce greenhouse gas emissions.




               74                                                                                                   ORORA LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                    Notes to the
                    financial statements
                    FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2022




                    The Group has committed to achieve net zero greenhouse gas              safety, health and wellbeing of our people; ensuring continuity
                    emissions by 2050 for Scope 1 and 2 emissions and a 40%                 and quality of supply to customers and preserving ongoing




For personal use only
                    reduction by 2035, both from a FY19 baseline. Under the Circular        supply chains, and the financial performance of operating units.
                    Economy pillar, the Group has set a target of 60% recycled
                    content for Orora glass beverage containers (pre and post-              Refinancing
                    consumer) by 2025.                                                      During the year ended 30 June 2022, the Group refinanced its
                                                                                            two bilateral facilities. The $35.0 million bilateral facility that
                    Greenhouse gas emissions reduction projects, such as the                was due to mature in January 2022 was extended to April 2023.
                    upgrade of the G3 glass furnace in Australia to utilise oxyfuel         The $50.0 million uncommitted bilateral facility due to mature in
                    technology, will move this furnace into the top 10% of energy           June 2022 was amended to a $100.0 million committed facility
                    efficient furnaces worldwide and will deliver a step change             and extended to July 2027. There were no material changes to
                    reduction in the Group's fossil fuel use, nitrogen oxide and carbon     the banking syndicate counterparties or commercial terms.
                    dioxide emissions. The construction of a cullet beneficiation
                    plant at Gawler in South Australia will significantly increase the      Decommissioning costs
                    recycled content in the Group's glass beverage packaging in             The decommissioning of the Petrie site is progressing, but
                    support of both our Circular Economy goal and our greenhouse            continues to be a significant and complex exercise involving
                    gas emissions reduction goal. The Group has also entered into           multiple government agencies. During the twelve months to 30
                    long term power purchase agreements to secure renewable                 June 2022 $26.5 million was spent on decommissioning the
                    energy supply for volumes equivalent to 80% of the Group’s total        site. Impacts of the unprecedented rainfall levels in Queensland
                    electricity requirements in Australia.                                  are being managed within the existing provisions. The Group
                                                                                            continues to engage a specialist environmental consulting firm
                    These projects have been incorporated into the forecast cash            to manage the completion of the remaining remediation works.
                    flows when assessing impairment indicators of the Group's               The provision at 30 June 2022 (refer note 3.9), represents
                    assets. Any change to the Group's strategy around climate               management’s best estimate in respect of the anticipated costs
                    change and the circular economy could impact these forecasts            to complete the remediation, using all currently available
                    and the Group's significant judgements and key estimates.               information and considering applicable legislative and
                    Future changes in the Group's climate change strategy, global           environmental regulations.
                    regulatory requirements and expectations of customers,
                    investors and the communities the Group operates within may             The notes to the financial statements
                    impact the Group's significant judgements and estimates and             The following notes include information which is material and
                    may result in changes to the financial results and the carrying         relevant to the operations, financial position and performance of
                    values of certain assets and liabilities in future reporting periods.   the Group. Information is considered material and relevant due to
                                                                                            its size or nature or the information:
                    Other accounting policies                                               •   is important for understanding the Group’s current period
                    Significant and other accounting policies that summarise the                results;
                    measurement basis used, and which are relevant to an                    •   provides an explanation of significant changes in the Group’s
                    understanding of the financial statements are provided                      business – for example, business acquisitions; or
                    throughout the notes to the financial statements.
                                                                                            •   it relates to an aspect of the Group’s operations that are
                                                                                                important to its future performance.
                    Current period significant events
                    Dividend                                                                The notes are organised into the following sections:
                    During the financial year the Group paid an unfranked FY21 final        •   Results for the year – provides details on the results and
                    dividend of $65.9 million at 7.5 cents per ordinary share and an            performance of the Group for the year;
                    unfranked FY22 interim dividend of $68.9 million at 8.0 cents per
                                                                                            •   Capital structure and financing – outlines how the Group
                    ordinary share.
                                                                                                manages its capital structure and related financing
                    Since 30 June 2022 the Directors have determined a final                    activities;
                    dividend for FY22 of $71.9 million, unfranked, of 8.5 cents per         •   Assets and liabilities – provides details of the assets used to
                    ordinary share. Refer note 2.2 for further details.                         generate the Group’s trading performance and the liabilities
                                                                                                incurred as a result;
                    Share buyback
                    On 21 October 2021 the Group announced an on-market share               •   Income tax – provides information on the Group’s tax position
                    buyback of issued share capital up to $150.0 million. The                   and the current and deferred tax charges or credits in the
                    Dividend Reinvestment Plan was suspended while the on-market                year;
                    buyback was undertaken.                                                 •   Financial risk management – provides information on how the
                                                                                                Group manages financial risk exposures associated with
                    The share buyback ceased on 30 June 2022. During the period                 holding financial instruments;
                    ordinary shares totalling 30,673,993 were purchased on-market
                                                                                            •   Group structure – explains the characteristics of and
                    through the share buyback for a total value of $109.0 million,
                                                                                                changes within the group structure during the year;
                    representing 3.5% of the share capital at the date the share
                    buyback was announced. Refer note 2.4.                                  •   Other notes to the financial statements – provides additional
                                                                                                financial information required by accounting standards and
                    Coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic                                             the Corporations Act 2001, including details of the Group’s
                    The Group’s response to the COVID-19 pandemic continues to be               employee reward and recognition programs and
                    guided by local government and health advice across each                    unrecognised items.
                    jurisdiction in which Orora operates. The Group has maintained a
                    number of measures to mitigate the effects of COVID-19. The
                    business continues to prioritise key focus areas including:


                    ORORA LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022                                                                                                        75
               Notes to the
               financial statements
               FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2022




               Section 1: Results for the year




For personal use only
                  In this section
                  This section focuses on the results and performance of the Group. On the following pages you will find disclosures explaining the Group’s
                  results for the year, segment information, significant items and earnings per share.
                  This section also analyses the Group’s profit before tax by reference to the activities performed by the Group and an analysis of key
                  operating costs. Earnings before significant items, interest and related income tax expense (EBIT) is a key profit indicator for the Group. This
                  measure excludes discontinued operations and the effects of individual significant non-recurring gains/losses that may have an impact on
                  the quality of earnings, and reflects the way the business is managed and how the Directors assess the performance of the Group.


               1.1.     Segment results
               The Group’s operating segments are organised and managed according to their geographical location. Each segment represents a
               strategic business that offers different products and operates in different industries and markets. The Corporate Executive Team, the
               chief operating decision-makers (CODM), monitor the operating results of the business separately for the purpose of making decisions
               about resource allocation and performance assessment.
               The following summary describes the operations of each reportable segment.

               Orora Australasia
               This segment focuses on the manufacture of beverage packaging products within Australia and New Zealand. The products
               manufactured by this segment include glass bottles, beverage cans and wine closures.
               Orora North America
               This segment, predominately located in North America, purchases, warehouses, sells and delivers a wide range of packaging and other
               related materials. The business also includes integrated corrugated sheet and box manufacturing and equipment sales capabilities, point
               of purchase retail display solutions and other visual communication services.




               76                                                                                                               ORORA LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                    Notes to the
                    financial statements
                    FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2022




                    The results of the reportable segments for the year ended 30 June 2022 and 30 June 2021 are set out below. The following segment
                    information has been presented for continuing operations only.




For personal use only
                                                                                                               Australasia                North America                 Total Reported
                        $ million                                                                         2022 `     2021               2022      2021                2022       2021

                                                         (1)
                        Reportable segment revenue                                                       909.1         834.1          3,181.7      2,703.9         4,090.8       3,538.0

                        Reportable segment earnings
                        Earnings before significant items, interest, tax,
                                                                                                         195.6         197.8           207.8         171.5           403.4         369.3
                        depreciation and amortisation
                        Depreciation and amortisation                                                    (45.0)        (47.5)          (72.9)        (72.7)         (117.9)       (120.2)
                        Earnings before significant items, interest and tax                              150.6         150.3           134.9          98.8          285.5          249.1
                        Allocated finance expense - lease liabilities interest                            (0.6)         (0.7)           (9.2)         (9.8)           (9.8)         (10.5)
                        Earnings before significant items, unallocated interest and tax                  150.0         149.6           125.7          89.0           275.7         238.6

                        Capital spend on the acquisition of property, plant and equipment
                                                                                                           65.0          34.2           22.2          22.9            87.2          57.1
                        and intangibles

                        Receivables                                                                      155.3         150.3           422.4         338.9           577.7         489.2
                        Inventory                                                                        342.5         195.4           308.3         203.7           650.8         399.1
                        Payables                                                                        (387.5)       (262.7)         (522.7)       (380.7)         (910.2)       (643.4)
                        Total reportable segment working capital                                          110.3          83.0          208.0         161.9           318.3         244.9

                                                   (2)
                        Average funds employed                                                           610.8         590.8           664.8         659.7         1,275.6       1,250.5

                                                   (3)
                        Operating free cash flow                                                         129.4         129.5            116.2         82.7           245.6         212.2

                    (1) Represents total revenue from external customers. Across all segments, in accordance with AASB 15 Revenue from Contracts with Customers, the timing of
                        revenue recognition materially occurs at a point in time, refer note 1.4.
                    (2) Average funds employed excludes intersegment balances and represents net assets less net debt and assets under construction, at the beginning and end of the
                        reporting period.
                    (3) Operating free cash flow represents the cash flow generated from the Group’s operating activities and non-growth capital expenditure activities, including lease
                        payments but before interest, tax and dividends. In the current period the operating free cash flow of the Australasia segment includes an outflow of $26.5 million
                        (2021: $28.4 million) representing expenditure on the decommissioning of the Petrie site, refer note 1.2 and 3.9.




                    ORORA LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022                                                                                                                                   77
               Notes to the
               financial statements
               FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2022




               Section 1: Results for the year (continued)
               1.1. Segment results (continued)




For personal use only
               Accounting policies
               Segment performance is evaluated based on earnings before significant items, interest and related income tax expense (EBIT). This
               measure excludes the effects of significant items which are typically gains or losses arising from events that are not considered part of
               the core operations of the business whilst including items directly attributable to the segment as well as those that can be allocated on a
               reasonable basis.
               Interest income and expenditure and other finance costs, other than interest on lease liabilities, are not allocated to the segments, as
               this type of activity is managed at the Group level. Transfer prices between segments are priced on an ‘arms-length’ basis, in a manner
               similar to transactions with third parties, and are eliminated on consolidation.

               Geographical segments
               In presenting information on the basis of geographical location both segment revenue and non-current assets are based on the location
               of the Orora business. This information has been presented for continuing operations only.

                 Revenue                                                              Non-current assets(1)
                 $m                                                                   $m




                                                                                    (1)   Non-current assets exclude deferred tax assets and non-current financial
                                                                                          instruments.




               Revenue by product
                $ million                                                                                                                       2022          2021

                Corrugate and paper-based packaging                                                                                           1,583.5       1,316.8
                Beverage packaging                                                                                                              909.1         834.0
                Traded packaging products                                                                                                     1,598.2       1,387.2
                Total sales revenue                                                                                                           4,090.8       3,538.0

               No single customer, within an operating segment, generates revenue greater than 10% of the Group’s total revenues.




               78                                                                                                            ORORA LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                    Notes to the
                    financial statements
                    FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2022




                    Reconciliation of segmental measures
                    The following segmental measurements reconcile to the financial statements as follows:




For personal use only
                    Profit before related income tax expense
                        $ million                                                                                      2022      2021

                        Reported segment earnings                                                                      275.7     238.6
                        Significant items before related income tax (refer note 1.2)                                       -     (38.6)
                        Unallocated net finance costs                                                                   (16.9)   (22.3)
                        Profit before related income tax expense                                                       258.8     177.7


                    Capital spend on the acquisition of property, plant and equipment and intangibles
                        $ million                                                                                      2022      2021

                        Reported segment capital spend                                                                  87.2      57.1
                        Movement in capital creditors                                                                   10.0       1.9
                        Government grant received included in segment capital spend                                      5.0          -
                        Movement in prepaid capital items                                                               (0.6)      1.8
                        Other non-cash adjustments                                                                      18.3      (3.5)
                                                                                                                 (1)
                        Acquisition of property, plant and equipment and intangibles for total operations              119.9      57.3

                    (1)     Refer notes 3.5 and 3.7, excludes balances acquired through business combinations.




                    Operating free cash flow
                        $ million                                                                                      2022      2021

                        Reported segment operating free cash flow                                                      245.6     212.2
                        Add back capital expenditure activities included in segment operating free cash flow            35.9      30.0
                        Add back principal lease repayments included in segment operating free cash flow                49.3      48.9
                        Less operating activities excluded from operating free cash flow:
                          Interest received                                                                              0.1       0.2
                          Interest and borrowing costs paid                                                            (17.9)    (22.2)
                          Income tax (paid)/received                                                                   (55.4)      1.5
                        Net cash flows from operating activities                                                       257.6     270.6




                    ORORA LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022                                                                                79
               Notes to the
               financial statements
               FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2022




               Section 1: Results for the year (continued)
               1.1. Segment results (continued)




For personal use only
               Working capital
                $ million                                                                                                                         2022          2021

                Reported segment working capital                                                                                                  318.3         244.9
                Add/(less) amounts included in working capital for management reporting purposes:
                  Derivatives                                                                                                                       (13.9)        (1.9)
                Add/(less) amounts excluded from working capital for management reporting purposes:
                  Net capital receivables and payables                                                                                              7.3          30.3
                  Loan receivables and other assets                                                                                                 0.3           0.1
                  Other payables                                                                                                                  (10.8)         (7.5)
                                                                                                                                                  301.2         265.9
                Reconciles to the financial statements as follows:
                Trade and other receivables (note 3.1)                                                                                            561.8         498.4
                Inventories (note 3.2)                                                                                                            650.8         399.1
                Trade and other payables (note 3.3)                                                                                              (931.2)       (650.8)
                Current prepayments (note 3.4)                                                                                                     19.8          19.2
                                                                                                                                                  301.2         265.9



               1.2. Significant items
                  Significant items are typically gains or losses arising from events that are not considered part of the core operations of the business.




                                                                                               2022                                          2021
                                                                                           Tax (expense)/                                Tax (expense)/
                $ million                                                     Before tax           benefit    Net of tax    Before tax           benefit     Net of tax

                Continuing operations
                Decommissioning costs                                                  -                 -            -         (38.6)              11.6        (27.0)
                                                                                       -                 -            -         (38.6)              11.6        (27.0)

                Discontinuing operations
                Net (loss)/profit on sale of Australasian Fibre businesses             -              (2.4)        (2.4)          1.5                4.6           6.1
                                                                                       -              (2.4)        (2.4)          1.5                4.6           6.1
                Total significant item (expense)/income                                -              (2.4)        (2.4)        (37.1)              16.2        (20.9)


               Decommissioning costs
               In the comparative period, following ongoing project review and reassessment of remediation requirements, additional costs associated
               with the decommissioning of the former Petrie Mill site of $38.6 million ($27.0 million after-tax) were recognised in respect of estimated
               costs to complete. The expense was recognised as a significant item and presented in ‘general and administration’ expense. The Group
               continues to engage a specialist environmental consulting firm to manage the completion of the remaining remediation works. The
               provision at 30 June 2022 (refer note 3.9), represents management’s best estimate in respect of the anticipated costs to complete the
               remediation, using all currently available information and considering applicable legislative and environmental regulations.

               Net profit on sale of Australasian Fibre business
               During the period a tax expense of $2.4 million was recognised upon finalisation of the tax position of the Australasian Fibre business and
               the filing of associated tax returns with tax authorities. In the comparative period an incremental net gain on disposal of $11.3 million
               (after tax $12.8 million) was recognised upon the finalisation of the post-close completion accounts, which occurred on 29 September
               2020. This gain was offset by the recognition of additional costs and obligations associated with the sale totalling $9.8 million (after tax
               $6.7 million). Further details regarding the sale of the Australasian Fibre business can be found in the 2021 and 2020 Annual Reports.




               80                                                                                                               ORORA LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                    Notes to the
                    financial statements
                    FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2022




                    1.3. Earnings Per Share (EPS)
                          Earnings Per Share (EPS) is the amount of post-tax profit attributable to each share.




For personal use only
                          Basic EPS is calculated on the Group profit for the year attributable to ordinary shareholders of the Company of $184.7 million
                          (2021: $135.8 million) divided by the weighted average number of shares on issue during the reporting period, excluding ordinary shares
                          purchased by the Company and held as Treasury Shares, being 864.0 million (2021: 928.3 million).
                          Diluted EPS reflects any commitments made by the Group to issue shares in the future and so it includes the effect of the potential
                          conversion of share options and rights granted to employees. To calculate the impact it is assumed that all share options and rights are
                          exercised and new shares are issued.
                          Basic and Diluted EPS, before significant items, is presented below in order to show the business performance of the Group in a consistent
                          manner and reflect how the business is managed and measured on a day-to-day basis. It is also a measure that is considered by the Board in
                          determination of dividend payments.



                    Calculation of EPS
                    Calculation of basic and diluted EPS has been based on the following profit attributable to ordinary shareholders and weighted average
                    number of ordinary shares outstanding.

                    EPS attributable to the ordinary equity holders of Orora Limited
                        million                                                                                                                                              2022         2021

                        Continuing operations
                        Profit for the financial period from continuing operations before significant items                                                                $187.1        $156.7
                        Significant items (refer note 1.2)                                                                                                                      -        ($27.0)
                                                                                                                                                                           $187.1        $129.7
                        Discontinued operations
                        Significant items (refer note 1.2)                                                                                                                   ($2.4)        $6.1
                        Profit for the financial period                                                                                                                    $184.7        $135.8



                        Weighted average number of ordinary shares for basic earnings per share                                                                             864.0         928.3
                        Dilution due to share options and rights                                                                                                              6.2           5.3
                        Weighted average number of ordinary shares for diluted earnings per share                                                                           870.2         933.6


                        Earnings per share for continuing operations
                        Basic earnings per share                                                                                                                             21.7c        14.0c
                        Diluted earnings per share                                                                                                                           21.5c        13.9c
                        Basic earnings per share, before significant items                                                                                                   21.7c        16.9c
                        Diluted earnings per share, before significant items                                                                                                 21.5c        16.8c

                        Earnings per share
                                                     (1)
                        Basic earnings per share                                                                                                                             21.4c        14.6c
                                                           (1)
                        Diluted earnings per share                                                                                                                           21.2c        14.5c
                        Basic earnings per share, before significant items                                                                                                   21.7c        16.9c
                        Diluted earnings per share, before significant items                                                                                                 21.5c        16.8c

                    (1)    Earnings per share includes the after-tax net loss on sale of $2.4 million (2021: $6.1 million after-tax net gain) recognised in respect of the sale of the
                           Australasian Fibre business. Further details regarding the sale of the Australasian Fibre business can be found in the 2021 and 2020 Annual Reports.




                    ORORA LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022                                                                                                                                         81
               Notes to the
               financial statements
               FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2022




               Section 1: Results for the year (continued)
               1.4. Income




For personal use only
               The information presented in this note is for continuing operations only.

                $ million                                                                                                                2022      2021

                Revenue from sale of goods                                                                                             4,090.8   3,538.0

                Sub-lease income                                                                                                           1.3        2.5
                Other                                                                                                                      2.6        1.1
                Total other income                                                                                                         3.9        3.6

                External interest income                                                                                                   0.6        0.2
                Total finance income                                                                                                       0.6        0.2

               Accounting policies
               The Group generates revenue primarily from the sale of packaging materials and products providing customers with an extensive range of
               tailored packaging and visual communication solutions.
               The Group provides standard packaging materials to its customers as well as customer specific (made-to-order) packaging products. The
               Group also sources and provides packaging equipment/solutions to customers who enter into long-term agreements under bundled
               contract arrangements.
               Revenue is recognised when control of the goods or services are transferred to the customer and the Group’s right to payment arises.
               Revenue is measured on the consideration to which the Group expects to be entitled to in a contract with a customer.
               For certain customers the Group provides retrospective rebates once the quantity of product purchased during the period exceeds a
               threshold specified in the contract. For contracts that include rebates the amount of revenue recognised is adjusted to the anticipated
               rebates payable, which is based on the purchase history of the customer.

               Standard packaging products
               Customers obtain control of standard packaging products when the goods are delivered to the customer. Invoices are generated at that
               point in time with payment terms varying depending on the customer, ranging from 30 to 90 days.
               Some contracts allow for volume discounts/rebates.

               Made-to-order packaging products
               Made-to-order packaging products are usually long-term contracts which contain several elements. In the vast majority of cases these
               elements represent only one performance obligation to the customer.
               In some cases the Group produces these products in advance of delivery. Typically control over these goods remains with the Group until
               shipment, or when the customer takes physical possession of the goods. The right to payment arises only at the point in time when
               control over the good is transferred to the customer.
               The Group has determined that for made-to-order products the customer obtains control of the products when the goods are delivered to
               the customer. This represents the point in time when invoices are generated as the right to payment arises. Payment terms varying
               depending on the customer, ranging from 30 to 90 days.
               Some contracts allow for volume discounts/rebates.

               Bundled packaging solutions
               The Group sources and provides packaging equipment/solutions to customers who enter into long term product supply arrangements.
               The customer obtains control of the equipment and product when the goods are delivered to the customer. Invoices are generated at that
               point in time with payment terms varying depending on the customer, ranging from 30 days to 60 days.




               82                                                                                                      ORORA LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                    Notes to the
                    financial statements
                    FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2022




                    1.5. Operating costs
                    The information presented in this note is for continuing operations only.




For personal use only
                    Employee benefit expense
                        $ million                                                                                                             2022        2021

                        Wages and salaries                                                                                                   630.8       593.1
                        Workers compensation and other on-costs                                                                               35.8        30.3
                        Superannuation costs on accumulation funds                                                                             7.1         6.6
                        Other employment benefits expense                                                                                        -         0.1
                        Share-based payments expense
                        - Options                                                                                                               0.1         0.2
                        - Performance rights and other plans                                                                                    5.6         3.3
                        - Grants forfeited and failing to vest                                                                                    -        (2.6)
                        Total employee benefits expense                                                                                      679.4       631.0


                    The Group’s accounting policy for liabilities associated with employee benefits is contained in note 3.9, whilst the policy for share-based
                    payments is set out in note 7.1.


                    Depreciation and amortisation
                        $ million                                                                                                             2022        2021

                        Depreciation                                                                                                           64.3       68.0
                        Amortisation of finance leased assets                                                                                   0.1        0.1
                        Amortisation of right-of-use assets                                                                                    44.6       44.2
                        Amortisation of intangibles                                                                                             8.9        7.9
                        Total depreciation and amortisation                                                                                   117.9      120.2


                    Finance expenses
                        $ million                                                                                                             2022        2021

                        Interest paid/payable:
                         - Finance charges on right-of-use assets                                                                               9.8        10.5
                         - Unwinding of discount                                                                                                0.1           -
                         - External interest expense                                                                                           15.6        18.6
                        Total interest paid/payable                                                                                            25.5        29.1
                        Borrowing costs                                                                                                          1.8        3.9
                        Total finance expenses                                                                                                 27.3        33.0

                    Refer to note 3.6 for the Group’s accounting policy and details on right-of-use assets and note 2.3 regarding the Group’s external
                    borrowings.




                    ORORA LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022                                                                                                        83
               Notes to the
               financial statements
               FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2022




               Section 2: Capital structure and financing




For personal use only
                  In this section
                  This section outlines how the Group manages its capital structure and related financing, including its balance sheet liquidity and access to
                  capital markets.
                  The Directors determine the appropriate capital structure of the Group, specifically, how much is raised from shareholders (equity) and how
                  much is borrowed from financial institutions (debt) in order to finance the Group’s activities both now and in the future. Maintaining capital
                  discipline and balance sheet efficiency remains important to the Group, as seen through the refinancing activities undertaken during the
                  year. Any potential courses of action in respect of the Group’s structure take into account the Group’s liquidity needs, flexibility to invest in
                  the business and impact on credit ratings.
                  In order to optimise the capital structure, the Group may:
                  •      adjust the amount of ordinary dividends paid to shareholders;
                  •      maintain a dividend investment plan;
                  •      raise or return capital to shareholders; and
                  •      repay or raise debt for working capital and capital expenditure requirements, or to facilitate acquisitions in line with the strategic
                         objectives and operating plans of the Group.

                  The Directors consider the Group’s capital structure and dividend policy at least twice a year ahead of announcing results, and do so in the
                  context of its ability to continue as a going concern, to execute the strategy and to invest in opportunities to grow the business and
                  enhance shareholder value.



               2.1. Capital management
                  Capital is defined as the combination of shareholders’ equity, reserves and net debt. The key objective of the Group when managing its
                  capital is to safeguard its ability to continue as a going concern, so that the Group can continue to provide returns for shareholders and
                  benefits for other stakeholders, and maintain an optimal capital and funding structure.
                  The aim of the Group’s capital management framework is to maintain an investment grade credit profile, and the requisite financial metrics,
                  to secure access to alternate funding sources with a spread of maturity dates and sufficient undrawn committed facility capacity. The
                  Group’s capital management framework also aims to optimise, over the long term and to the extent practicable, the weighted average cost
                  of capital to reduce the cost of capital to the Group while maintaining financial flexibility.
                  The Group uses a range of financial metrics to monitor the efficiency of its capital structure, including on-balance sheet gearing and leverage
                  ratios, and to ensure that its capital structure provides sufficient financial strength to allow it to secure access to debt finance at
                  reasonable cost. At 30 June 2022, the Group’s gearing and leverage ratios, excluding lease liabilities, were 46.2% (2021: 37.1%) and 1.8
                  times (2021: 1.5 times), respectively.
                  2   On-market share buyback
                  On 21 October 2021, the Group announced an on-market share buyback of issued share capital of up to $150.0 million. The buyback
                  commenced in November 2021. The Dividend Reinvestment Plan was suspended whilst the on-market buyback was undertaken.
                  The share buyback ceased on 30 June 2022. During the period ordinary shares totalling 30,673,993 were purchased on-market through the
                  share buyback for a total value of $109.0 million, representing 3.5% of the share capital at the date the share buyback was announced.



                $ million                                                                                                           Note            2022            2021

                Financial borrowings
                Total borrowings                                                                                                     2.3            681.6          503.5
                Less: Cash and cash equivalents                                                                                      2.3            (52.6)         (50.6)
                Net debt                                                                                                                            629.0          452.9
                Lease liabilities                                                                                                    2.3            224.5          252.8
                Net debt including lease liabilities                                                                                                853.5          705.7
                Equity and reserves
                Contributed equity and treasury shares                                                                              2.4.1           (37.3)          80.8
                Reserves                                                                                                            2.4.2           138.9          107.6
                Retained earnings                                                                                                   2.4.3           630.1          580.2
                                                                                                                                                    731.7          768.6
                Net Capital                                                                                                                       1,585.2         1,474.3




               84                                                                                                                   ORORA LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                    Notes to the
                    financial statements
                    FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2022




                    2.2. Dividends
                                                                                                                                    Cents per           Total




For personal use only
                                                                                                                                      share          $ million

                        Declared and paid during the period
                        For the year ended 30 June 2021
                        2020 Final dividend (unfranked)                                                                                 5.5             53.1
                        2021 Interim dividend (unfranked)                                                                               6.5             59.9
                                                                                                                                                       113.0
                        For the year ended 30 June 2022
                        2021 Final dividend (unfranked)                                                                                 7.5             65.9
                        2022 Interim dividend (unfranked)                                                                               8.0             68.9
                                                                                                                                                       134.8

                                                                          (1)
                        Proposed and unrecognised at period end
                        For the year ended 30 June 2021
                        2021 Final dividend (unfranked)                                                                                 7.5             65.7

                        For the year ended 30 June 2022
                        2022 Final dividend (unfranked)                                                                                 8.5             71.9

                    (1)     Estimated final dividend payable, subject to variations in the number of shares up to record date.




                        Shareholder distributions – cents per share (excludes special dividends)




                    Dividend reinvestment plan
                    The Group operates a dividend reinvestment plan which allows eligible shareholders to elect to invest dividends in ordinary shares. All
                    holders of Orora Limited ordinary shares with Australian or New Zealand addresses registered with the share registry are eligible to
                    participate in the plan. The allocation price for shares is based on the average of the daily volume weighted average share price of Orora
                    Limited ordinary shares sold on the Australian Securities Exchange, calculated with reference to a period of not less than ten consecutive
                    trading days as determined by the Directors. The Dividend Reinvestment Plan was suspended whilst the on-market buyback was
                    undertaken.

                    Franking account
                    Franking credits for shareholders of the Company apply at a corporate tax rate of 30% (2021: 30%). The interim dividend for 2022 was
                    unfranked (2021 Interim: unfranked), the proposed final dividend for 2022 is unfranked (2021 Final: unfranked). The balance of franking
                    credits available as at 30 June 2022 is nil (2021: nil).




                    ORORA LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022                                                                                                      85
               Notes to the
               financial statements
               FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2022




               Section 2: Capital structure and financing (continued)
               2.2. Dividends (continued)




For personal use only
               Conduit Foreign Income (CFI) account
               For Australian tax purposes, non-resident shareholder dividends will not be subject to Australian withholding tax to the extent that they
               are franked or sourced from the Company’s CFI account. For the 2022 dividends, 100% of the interim dividend and 100% of the 2022
               final dividend is to be sourced from the CFI account (2021: 100% of the interim and final dividend were sourced from the Company’s CFI
               account). As a result, none of the 2022 dividends paid to a non-resident will be subject to Australian withholding tax. The balance of the
               conduit foreign income account as at 30 June 2022 is $69.2 million (2021: $103.5 million). The estimated final dividend to be paid on 10
               October 2022 of $71.9 million (2021: $65.7 million) will be paid from this balance and the advance receipt of FY23 foreign dividends.

               2.3. Net debt
                  In addition to the US Private Placement of notes of USD243.0 million, of which USD100.0 million matures in July 2023 and USD143.0 million
                  in July 2025, the Group has access to the following committed facilities as at 30 June 2022:
                  •     a $350.0 million revolving multicurrency facility through a syndicate of domestic and international financial institutions, maturing in
                        November 2024;
                  •     a USD150.0 million five-year USD revolving facility, through a syndicate of domestic and international financial institutions, maturing in
                        April 2024; and
                  •     two bilateral agreements with domestic institutions: a $35.0 million facility maturing in April 2023 and a $100.0 million facility maturing
                        in July 2027.

                  These facilities are unsecured. During both the current and comparative reporting period Orora Limited has complied with the financial
                  covenants of its borrowing facilities.
                  The Group successfully refinanced the Global Syndicated Facility in the prior financial year.



                $ million                                                                                                                         2022         2021

                Cash on hand and at bank                                                                                                           52.5         44.3
                Deposits at call                                                                                                                    0.1          6.3
                Total cash and cash equivalents                                                                                                    52.6         50.6

                Lease liabilities
                Due within one year                                                                                                                49.7         48.0
                Due after one year                                                                                                                174.8        204.8
                Total lease liability                                                                                                             224.5        252.8

                Borrowings
                Bank loans due within one year                                                                                                     35.0               -
                Current borrowings                                                                                                                 35.0               -
                Finance lease liabilities due after one year                                                                                          -          0.1
                Bank loans due after one year                                                                                                     295.0        180.0
                US Private Placement due after one year                                                                                           351.6        323.4
                Non-current borrowings                                                                                                            646.6        503.5
                Total borrowings                                                                                                                  681.6        503.5

                Total debt                                                                                                                        906.1        756.3

                Net debt                                                                                                                          853.5        705.7



               Accounting policies
               Cash and cash equivalents
               Cash and cash equivalents include cash at bank and on hand and short-term money market investments with an original maturity of
               three months or less and are classified as financial assets held at amortised cost. Cash at bank earns interest at floating rates based on
               daily bank deposits. Short-term deposits are made for varying periods, depending on the immediate cash requirements of the Group, and
               earn interest at the respective short-term deposit rates.
               The carrying value of cash and cash equivalents is considered to approximate fair value due to the assets’ liquid nature.




               86                                                                                                                ORORA LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                    Notes to the
                    financial statements
                    FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2022




                    Bank loans
                    All loans and borrowings are initially recognised at the fair value of the consideration received, less directly attributable transaction




For personal use only
                    costs. Subsequent to initial recognition, interest-bearing liabilities are measured at amortised cost using the effective interest rate
                    method.
                    Interest-bearing liabilities are derecognised when the obligation specified in the contract is discharged, cancelled or expires. The
                    difference between the carrying amount of a financial liability that has been extinguished or transferred to another party and the
                    consideration paid is recognised in profit or loss.
                    Interest-bearing liabilities are classified as current liabilities, except for those liabilities where the Group has an unconditional right to
                    defer settlement for at least 12 months after the reporting period, which are classified as non-current liabilities.
                    The US Private Placement notes have a carrying value of $352.1 million (excluding borrowing costs) while the fair value of the notes is
                    $351.7 million. For all other borrowings, the fair values are not materially different to their carrying amount since the interest payable on
                    those borrowings is either close to current market rates or the borrowings are of a short-term nature.

                    2.3.1. Net debt reconciliation
                    The following table illustrates the cash and non-cash movements of net debt:

                                                                                         Assets             Liabilities from financing activities
                                                                                           Cash and
                                                                                                cash            Lease                      US Private
                        $ million                                                        equivalents        liabilities   Bank loans       Placement             Total

                        Net debt at 1 July 2020                                               107.3           (279.6)          (48.0)          (351.2)        (571.5)
                        Cash flows                                                            (52.1)             59.4         (131.8)                -        (124.5)
                        Change in lease arrangements                                               -            (42.1)               -               -          (42.1)
                        Unwinding of discounting                                                   -            (10.5)               -               -          (10.5)
                        Other non-cash movements                                                   -             (0.2)           (0.1)           (0.2)           (0.5)
                        Effect of movements in foreign exchange rates                          (4.6)             20.1            (0.1)           28.0            43.4
                        Net debt at 30 June 2021                                               50.6           (252.9)         (180.0)          (323.4)        (705.7)

                        Cash flows                                                                1.9            60.0          (150.1)               -          (88.2)
                        Change in lease arrangements                                                -            (4.0)              -                -           (4.0)
                        Unwinding of discounting                                                    -            (9.8)              -                -           (9.8)
                        Other non-cash movements                                                    -                -              -            (0.2)           (0.2)
                        Effect of movements in foreign exchange rates                             0.1           (17.8)            0.1           (28.0)          (45.6)
                        Net debt at 30 June 2022                                               52.6           (224.5)         (330.0)          (351.6)        (853.5)




                    ORORA LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022                                                                                                                 87
               Notes to the
               financial statements
               FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2022




               Section 2: Capital structure and financing (continued)
               2.3. Net debt (continued)




For personal use only
               2.3.2. Borrowings
               The maturity profile of the Group’s external borrowings drawn down, excluding the impact of capitalised borrowing costs, as at 30 June
               2022 is illustrated in the following chart:

                   Maturity profile of drawn debt by facility




               Loans due within one year
               •     $35.0 million drawn under the $35.0 million bilateral agreement maturing in April 2023 (2021: nil drawings under $35.0 million
                     bilateral agreement maturing January 2022);

               Loans due after one year
               At 30 June 2022, bank loans due after one year include:
               •     $245.0 million drawn under a $350.0 million committed global syndicated multicurrency facility maturing in November 2024 (2021:
                     $180.0 million drawn);
               •     nil drawings under the USD150.0 million committed syndicated facility maturing in April 2024 (2021: nil);
               •     $50.0 million drawn under the $100.0 million bilateral agreement maturing in July 2027.

               All drawings as at 30 June 2022 were denominated in Australian dollars and bore interest at the applicable BBSY plus an applicable credit
               margin. Any drawings in US or New Zealand dollars would bear interest at the applicable LIBOR and BKBM rate plus an applicable credit
               margin.
               The US Private Placement of notes of USD243.0 million, consists of USD100.0 million which matures in July 2023 and USD143.0 million
               which matures in July 2025.




               88                                                                                                       ORORA LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                    Notes to the
                    financial statements
                    FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2022




                    2.4. Equity
                         This section explains material movements in shareholders’ equity that are not explained elsewhere in the financial statements. The




For personal use only
                         movements in equity and the balance at 30 June 2022 are presented in the statement of changes in equity.



                    2.4.1. Contributed equity and treasury shares
                        $ million                                                                                                                   2022      2021

                        Ordinary shares issued and fully paid                                                                                            -    127.4
                        Share buyback reserve                                                                                                       (26.4)         -
                        Treasury shares                                                                                                             (10.9)    (46.6)
                        Total contributed equity and treasury shares                                                                                (37.3)     80.8



                    Contributed equity
                    Ordinary shares
                    Ordinary shares are classified as equity. The Company does not have authorised capital or par value in respect of its issued shares. All
                    issued shares are fully paid, all shares rank equally with regards to the Company’s residual assets. Ordinary shares entitle the holder to
                    participate in dividends, as declared from time to time, and are entitled to one vote per share at meetings of the Company. Incremental
                    costs directly attributable to the issue of new shares or the exercise of options are recognised as a deduction from equity, net of any
                    related income tax benefit effects. Where the Group reacquires its own shares, for example as the result of a share buyback, those
                    shares are cancelled. The consideration paid to acquire those shares, including any directly attributable transaction costs net of income
                    taxes, is recognised directly as a reduction in equity.

                    Share buyback reserve
                    Due to the share buybacks being undertaken at higher prices than the original subscription price, the balance for ordinary share
                    contributed equity has been reduced to nil, and a reserve created to reflect the excess value of shares brought over the original amount
                    of the subscribed equity.

                    Treasury shares
                    Where the Orora Employee Share Trust purchases equity instruments in the Company that have been identified as treasury shares, the
                    consideration paid, including any directly attributable costs is deducted from equity, net of any related income tax effects. When the
                    treasury shares are subsequently sold or reissued, any consideration received, net of any directly attributable costs and the related
                    income tax effects, is recognised as an increase in equity, and the resulting surplus or deficit on the transaction is presented in retained
                    earnings. Refer to note 6.2.
                    In the comparative period, 14,214,228 ordinary shares purchased on-market under the Share Buy-Back program announced by the Group
                    had not been cancelled, these shares were presented as Treasury Shares as at 30 June 2021. Subsequent to the end of the 2021
                    financial year the shares were cancelled.
                    The following table illustrates the movements in the Group’s contributed equity and treasury shares.




                    ORORA LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022                                                                                                             89
               Notes to the
               financial statements
               FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2022




               Section 2: Capital structure and financing (continued)
               2.4. Equity (continued)




For personal use only
               2.4.1. Contributed equity and treasury shares (continued)
                                                                                                                      Contributed equity               Treasury shares
                                                                                                                        No. '000     $ million         No. '000     $ million

                At 1 July 2020                                                                                         965,363         335.2              (655)         (1.6)
                Share buyback                                                                                          (75,123)       (210.1)                 -             -
                Acquisition of shares by the Orora Employee Share Trust                                                       -             -             (412)         (0.9)
                                                                          (1)
                Acquisition of shares under share buyback program                                                             -             -          (14,214)        (46.1)
                Proceeds received from employees on exercise of options                                                       -          1.0                  -             -
                Restriction lifted on shares issued under the RSU Grant (note 7.1)                                            -          0.2                  -             -
                Exercise of vested grants under Employee Share Plans                                                       841           3.1                  -             -
                Treasury shares used to satisfy exercise of vested grants under Employee Share
                                                                                                                           (841)         (2.0)             841            2.0
                Plans
                At 30 June 2021                                                                                        890,240         127.4           (14,440)        (46.6)

                Share buyback                                                                                          (30,674)       (109.0)                 -             -
                Acquisition of shares by the Orora Employee Share Trust                                                        -             -          (3,587)        (12.8)
                                                                          (1)
                Acquisition of shares under share buyback program                                                       (14,214)        (46.1)          14,214          46.1
                Restriction lifted on shares issued under the RSU Grant (note 7.1)                                             -          0.2                 -             -
                Treasury shares used to satisfy issue of RSU Grant                                                             -         (1.5)             433           1.5
                Exercise of vested grants under Employee Share Plans                                                        357           3.5                 -             -
                Treasury shares used to satisfy exercise of vested grants under Employee Share
                                                                                                                           (357)         (0.9)             357            0.9
                Plans
                At 30 June 2022                                                                                        845,352          (26.4)          (3,023)        (10.9)

               (1)   As at 30 June 2021, 14,214,228 ordinary shares purchased on-market under the share buyback program announced by the Group had not been cancelled, these
                     shares have been presented as Treasury Shares. Subsequent to the end of the 2021 financial year the shares were cancelled.




               90                                                                                                                      ORORA LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                    Notes to the
                    financial statements
                    FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2022




                    2.4.2. Reserves
                        $ million                                                                                                                 2022         2021




For personal use only
                        Cash flow hedge reserve                                                                                                     3.8         1.8
                        Share-based payment reserve                                                                                                10.7         8.7
                        Demerger reserve                                                                                                          132.9       132.9
                        Exchange fluctuation reserve                                                                                               (8.5)      (35.8)
                        Total reserves                                                                                                            138.9       107.6

                    Details of movements in each of the reserves is presented in the statement of changes in equity.

                    Accounting policies
                    Cash flow hedge reserve
                    The cash flow hedge reserve comprises the effective portion of the cumulative net change in the fair value of cash flow hedging
                    instruments related to hedged transactions that have not yet been realised.
                    During the 12 months to 30 June 2022 the following movements were recognised in the cash flow hedge reserve:

                        $ million                                                                                                                 2022         2021

                        Unrealised gains/(losses) on cash flow hedges
                        Forward exchange contract gains                                                                                              9.9            2.9
                        Realised (gains)/losses transferred to profit or loss
                        Forward exchange contract (gain)/loss                                                                                       (2.5)           5.7
                        Realised (gains)/losses transferred to non-financial assets
                        Forward exchange contract gain                                                                                              (4.6)             -

                    Refer to note 5.4 for further information on these derivative instruments.

                    Share-based payment reserve
                    The share-based payment reserve is used to recognise the fair value of options and rights recognised as an expense. The Company
                    provides benefits to employees of the Group in the form of share-based payments, whereby employees render services in exchange for
                    options or rights over shares. Refer to note 7.1 for further details of the Group’s share-based payment plans.
                    The fair value of options and rights granted is recognised as an employee benefit expense in the income statement with a corresponding
                    increase in the share-based payments reserve in equity and is spread over the vesting period during which the employees become
                    unconditionally entitled to the option or right. Upon exercise of the options or rights, the balance of the share-based payments reserve,
                    relating to the option or right, is transferred to share capital.

                    Demerger reserve
                    The demerger reserve represents the difference between the consideration paid by Orora under an internal corporate restructure and the
                    assets and liabilities acquired, which were recognised at their carrying value under a common control transaction.

                    Exchange fluctuation reserve
                    For controlled entities with a functional currency that is not Australian dollars, their assets and liabilities are translated at the closing
                    exchange rate at reporting date, while income and expenses are translated at year-to-date average exchange rates.
                    On consolidation all exchange differences arising from translation are recognised in other comprehensive income and accumulated in the
                    exchange fluctuation reserve.
                    In addition, foreign exchange gains or losses are deferred in equity if they relate to qualifying cash flow hedges, qualifying net investment
                    hedges or are attributable to part of the net investment in a foreign operation. When a foreign operation is disposed of, the cumulative
                    amount recognised within the reserve relating to that foreign operation is transferred to the income statement as an adjustment to the
                    profit or loss on disposal.




                    ORORA LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022                                                                                                                91
               Notes to the
               financial statements
               FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2022




               Section 2: Capital structure and financing (continued)
               2.4. Equity (continued)




For personal use only
               2.4.3. Retained earnings
               Retained earnings comprises profit for the year attributable to owners of the Company and other items recognised directly in equity as
               presented on the statement of changes in equity.

                $ million                                                                                                             2022        2021

                Retained earnings at the beginning of the period                                                                     580.2       557.4
                Net profit attributable to the owners of Orora Limited                                                               184.7       135.8
                                                                                                                                     764.9       693.2
                Ordinary dividends:
                                               (1)
                  Final paid (refer note 2.2)                                                                                         (65.9)     (53.1)
                                                (2)
                  Interim paid (refer note 2.2)                                                                                       (68.9)     (59.9)
                                                                                                                                     (134.8)    (113.0)
                Retained earnings at the end of the period                                                                            630.1      580.2

               (1) 2021 final dividend paid on 11 October 2021 (2020: 2020 final dividend paid on 12 October 2020).
               (2) 2022 interim dividend paid on 30 March 2022 (2021: 2021 interim dividend paid on 1 April 2021).




               92                                                                                                     ORORA LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                    Notes to the
                    financial statements
                    FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2022




                    Section 3: Assets and liabilities




For personal use only
                          In this section
                          This section details the assets used to generate the Group’s trading performance and the liabilities incurred as a result. On the following
                          pages there are notes covering working capital, other assets, non-current assets and provisions.
                          Liabilities relating to the Group’s financing activities are set out in Section 2, whilst the assets and liabilities recognised in respect of
                          derivative instruments, used to hedge financial risks, are contained in Section 5. Information pertaining to deferred tax assets and liabilities
                          is provided in Section 4.



                    3.1. Trade and other receivables
                        $ million                                                                                                                                    2022          2021

                        Trade receivables                                                                                                                            512.0        435.9
                        Less loss allowance provision                                                                                                                 (6.5)        (3.2)
                                                                                                                                                                    505.5         432.7
                                            (1)
                        Other receivables                                                                                                                             56.3          65.7
                        Total current trade and other receivables                                                                                                    561.8        498.4

                    (1)    These amounts generally arise from transactions outside the usual operating activities of the Group. Interest may be charged at commercial rates where the
                           terms of repayment exceed six months. Collateral is not normally obtained.

                    Accounting policies
                    Trade receivables and other receivables are all classified as financial assets held at amortised cost.

                    Trade receivables
                    Trade receivables are initially recognised at fair value and subsequently at amortised cost using the effective interest rate method, less a
                    loss allowance provision. The Group, from time to time, may enter into trade financing instruments in respect of trade receivables and as
                    a result the receivable is derecognised.
                    The carrying value of trade and other receivables, less impairment provisions, is considered to approximate fair value, due to the short-
                    term nature of the receivables.

                    Impairment of trade receivables
                    The collectability of trade and other receivables is reviewed on an ongoing basis. Individual debts which are known to be uncollectable are
                    written off when identified.
                    The Group recognises an impairment provision based upon anticipated lifetime losses of trade receivables. The anticipated losses are
                    determined with reference to historical loss experience and is regularly reviewed and updated.
                    The amount of the impairment loss is recognised in the income statement within ‘general and administration’ expense.

                    Credit risks related to receivables
                    In assessing an appropriate provision for impairments of receivables consideration is given to historical experience of bad debts, the
                    ageing of receivables, knowledge of debtor insolvency or other credit risk and individual account assessment.
                    Customer credit risk is managed by each business group in accordance with the procedures and controls set out in the Group’s credit
                    risk management policy. Credit limits are established for all customers based on external and internal credit rating criteria and letters of
                    credit or other forms of credit insurance cover are obtained where appropriate. In monitoring customer credit risk, customers are grouped
                    according to their credit characteristics, including whether they are an individual or a legal entity, whether they are a wholesale, retail or
                    end-user customer, their geographic location, industry and existence of previous financial difficulties.
                    For some trade receivables the Group may also obtain security in the form of guarantees, deeds of undertaking or letters of credit which
                    can be called upon if the counterparty is in default under the terms of the agreement. The Group does not otherwise require collateral in
                    respect of trade and other receivables.




                    ORORA LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022                                                                                                                                    93
               Notes to the
               financial statements
               FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2022




               Section 3: Assets and liabilities (continued)
               3.1. Trade and other receivables (continued)




For personal use only
               The following tables sets out the ageing of trade receivables, according to their due date:

                                                                                                                 Loss allowance            Gross carrying
                                                                                                                   provision                  amount
                $ million                                                                                         2022        2021         2022        2021

                Not past due                                                                                          -           -        442.5           373.2
                Past due 0-30 days                                                                                    -           -         50.7            48.3
                Past due 31-120 days                                                                                3.6         0.7         15.9            11.9
                More than 121 days past due                                                                         2.9         2.5          2.9             2.5
                                                                                                                    6.5         3.2         512.0          435.9

               The Group has recognised a net loss of $4.4 million (2021: $2.4 million) in respect of the trade receivables written off in the financial
               year. The loss has been included in ‘general and administration’ expense in the income statement.


               3.2. Inventories
                $ million                                                                                                                  2022            2021

                At cost
                Raw materials and stores                                                                                                   204.3        85.8
                Work in progress                                                                                                             8.2         7.5
                Finished goods                                                                                                             371.3       260.6
                Total inventory carried at cost                                                                                            583.8       353.9

                At net realisable value
                Raw materials and stores                                                                                                    57.9           36.6
                Finished goods                                                                                                               9.1            8.6
                Total inventory carried at net realisable value                                                                             67.0           45.2
                Total inventories                                                                                                          650.8       399.1



               Accounting policies
               Inventories are valued at the lower of cost and net realisable value. Net realisable value is the estimated selling price in the ordinary
               course of business, less the estimated costs of completion and selling expenses.
               Costs incurred in bringing each product to its existing location and condition are accounted for as follows:
               •    Raw materials – purchase cost on a weighted average cost formula;
               •    Manufactured finished goods and work in progress – cost of direct material and labour and an appropriate proportion of production
                    and variable overheads incurred in the normal course of business.

               Cost may also include transfers from equity of any gain or loss on qualifying cash flow hedges of foreign currency purchases of inventory.
               During the period the Group recognised a net write-down of $8.7 million (2021: $30.5 million) with regard to the net realisable value of
               inventories which has been recognised in ‘cost of sales’ expense in the income statement.




               94                                                                                                          ORORA LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                    Notes to the
                    financial statements
                    FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2022




                    3.3. Trade and other payables
                        $ million                                                                                                                                  2022          2021




For personal use only
                        Current
                        Trade creditors                                                                                                                            560.9         364.7
                        Deferred grant income                                                                                                                        0.3             -
                        Other creditors and accruals                                                                                                               370.0         286.1
                        Total current trade and other payables                                                                                                     931.2         650.8

                        Non-current
                        Deferred grant income                                                                                                                         4.7            -
                        Other creditors                                                                                                                               0.3          1.8
                        Total non-current other payables                                                                                                              5.0          1.8



                    Accounting policies
                    Trade and other payables
                    Trade and other payables are all classified as financial liabilities held at amortised cost. Trade and other payables represent liabilities for
                    goods and services provided to the Group prior to the end of the financial year which were unpaid at the end of the financial year and
                    these amounts are unsecured. The Group, from time to time, may make available trade financing instruments in respect of trade payables
                    which continue to be recognised within trade and other payables.
                    The carrying value of trade and other payables is considered to approximate fair value due to the short-term nature of the payables.
                    Trade and other payables are included in current liabilities, except for those liabilities where payment is not due within 12 months from
                    reporting date, which are classified as non-current liabilities.

                    Deferred grant income
                    Grants from governments are recognised at their fair value when there is a reasonable assurance that the grant will be received, and the
                    Group will comply with all attached conditions. The grants received are in relation to the purchase and construction of items of property,
                    plant and equipment. The grants are recognised as deferred income and are credited to the income statement on a straight-line basis
                    over the expected useful life of the related asset.


                    3.4. Other assets
                        $ million                                                                                                                                  2022          2021

                        Current
                                                         (1)
                        Contract incentive payments                                                                                                                   6.9          9.3
                        Prepayments and other current assets                                                                                                         19.8         19.2
                        Total other current assets                                                                                                                  26.7          28.5

                        Non-current
                                                         (1)
                        Contract incentive payments                                                                                                                 23.8          17.7
                        Other non-current assets                                                                                                                    68.0          60.2
                        Total other non-current assets                                                                                                               91.8         77.9

                    (1)    Contract incentives are provided to customers to secure long-term sale agreements and are amortised over the period of the contractual arrangement.




                    ORORA LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022                                                                                                                               95
               Notes to the
               financial statements
               FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2022




               Section 3: Assets and liabilities (continued)
               3.5. Property, plant and equipment




For personal use only
                  The following note details the physical assets used by the Group to operate the business to generate revenues and profits.
                  The cost of these assets is the amount initially paid for them with a depreciation charge recognised in the income statement to reflect the
                  wear and tear of the assets as they are used which reduces the value of the asset over time.



                                                                                 Land                      Plant and Finance leased Assets under
                $ million                                           Land improvements        Buildings    equipment          assets construction                Total

                Cost
                At 1 July 2020                                      13.9             8.3       247.4         1,248.7             4.6              -       1,522.9
                Additions for the period                                -               -        0.4            42.5                -           8.4          51.3
                Disposals during the period                         (0.6)           (0.1)       (6.5)          (24.0)           (0.6)             -         (31.8)
                Additions through business acquisitions                 -               -           -            1.0                -             -           1.0
                Other transfers                                         -               -        1.5           (15.3)               -             -         (13.8)
                Effect of movements in foreign
                                                                        -               -        (4.5)         (28.3)           (0.4)             -         (33.2)
                exchange rates
                At 30 June 2021                                     13.3             8.2       238.3         1,224.6             3.6            8.4       1,496.4
                Additions for the period                             21.1               -         3.9           45.0               -           44.4         114.4
                Disposals during the period                             -               -        (4.2)          (11.3)             -               -        (15.5)
                Other transfers                                         -               -         4.5             2.3              -           (6.8)             -
                Effect of movements in foreign
                                                                        -             0.1         3.9           26.2             0.3              -             30.5
                exchange rates
                At 30 June 2022                                     34.4             8.3       246.4         1,286.8             3.9           46.0       1,625.8

                Accumulated depreciation and impairment
                At 1 July 2020                                          -           (2.7)       (79.0)        (765.2)           (4.3)             -       (851.2)
                Depreciation charge                                     -           (0.1)         (8.1)        (59.8)           (0.1)             -        (68.1)
                Disposals during the period                             -               -          3.6          23.8             0.6              -         28.0
                Effect of movements in foreign
                                                                        -               -         2.8           19.3             0.3              -             22.4
                exchange rates
                At 30 June 2021                                         -           (2.8)       (80.7)        (781.9)           (3.5)             -       (868.9)
                Depreciation charge                                     -           (0.2)        (8.8)         (55.3)           (0.1)             -         (64.4)
                Disposals during the period                             -               -         3.2           10.7               -              -          13.9
                Impairment loss                                         -               -            -           (1.5)             -              -           (1.5)
                Effect of movements in foreign
                                                                        -               -        (3.0)         (16.4)           (0.3)             -         (19.7)
                exchange rates
                At 30 June 2022                                         -           (3.0)       (89.3)        (844.4)           (3.9)             -       (940.6)

                Net book value
                At 30 June 2021                                     13.3             5.4        157.6         442.7              0.1            8.4        627.5
                At 30 June 2022                                     34.4             5.3        157.1         442.4                -           46.0        685.2

               At 30 June 2022, no property, plant and equipment was provided as security for any interest-bearing borrowings (2021: nil).




               96                                                                                                             ORORA LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                    Notes to the
                    financial statements
                    FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2022




                    Accounting policies
                    Property, plant and equipment is stated at cost less accumulated depreciation and impairment losses. Cost includes expenditure that is




For personal use only
                    directly attributable to the acquisition of the item including borrowing costs that are related to the acquisition, construction or
                    production of an asset. Cost may also include transfers from equity of any gain or loss on qualifying cash flow hedges of foreign currency
                    purchases of property, plant and equipment.
                    Subsequent costs are included in the asset’s carrying amount, or recognised as a separate asset, only when it is probable that future
                    economic benefits associated with the item will flow to the Group.
                    All other repairs and maintenance are charged to the income statement during the financial year in which they are incurred.

                    Depreciation
                    Property, plant and equipment, excluding freehold land, is depreciated at rates based upon the expected useful lives, or in the case of
                    leasehold improvements and certain leased plant and equipment the lease term, using the straight-line method. Land is not depreciated.
                    Depreciation rates used for each class of asset for the current and comparative periods are as follows:
                    •    Buildings 2%
                    •    Land improvements 3-5%
                    •    Plant and equipment 5%-20%

                    Depreciation is calculated by estimating the number of years the Group expects an asset to be used over. At each reporting date
                    depreciation methods, residual values and useful lives are reassessed and adjusted if necessary. In addition, assets subject to
                    depreciation are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that an asset carrying amount may not
                    be recoverable. If an asset’s value falls below its depreciated value an additional one-off impairment charge is made against profit. Refer
                    note 3.8 for further details.

                    3.6. Leases
                        The following note details leased right-of-use assets utilised used by the Group as a lessee to operate the business to generate revenues
                        and profits. This includes the lease of warehouse, office and factory facilities, vehicles and other items of plant and equipment.
                        The cost of these assets represents the net present value of the future lease payments with an amortisation charge recognised in the
                        income statement to reflect the utilisation of the right-of-use asset over the term of the lease arrangement.
                        Other than minor sub-lease arrangements, the Group is not a lessor of assets.



                    Leases for premises typically run for a period of 10 years with an option to renew the lease after that date. Lease payments for premises
                    are adjusted annually either through a fixed rental increase, typically 3.0% per annum, or are linked to changes in the consumer price
                    index or as a result of a market rent review process.
                    The leases for items of plant and equipment, which includes vehicles, typically run for periods of three to five years. In the majority of
                    instances when these lease contracts expire they are replaced by new leases for similar underlying assets.




                    ORORA LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022                                                                                                                97
               Notes to the
               financial statements
               FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2022




               Section 3: Assets and liabilities (continued)
               3.6. Leases (continued)




For personal use only
               Right-of-use assets
                                                                                                                         Plant and
                $ million                                                                                   Property    Equipment         Total

                Cost
                At 1 July 2020                                                                                248.7          27.7        276.4
                Lease additions and modifications                                                              31.3          10.8         42.1
                Derecognition of right-of-use assets                                                           (5.2)         (1.4)        (6.6)
                Effect of movements in foreign exchange rates                                                 (17.6)         (2.2)       (19.8)
                At 30 June 2021                                                                               257.2          34.9        292.1

                Lease additions and modifications                                                              19.6           2.1         21.7
                Derecognition of right-of-use assets                                                          (37.6)         (0.9)       (38.5)
                Effect of movements in foreign exchange rates                                                  19.5           2.8         22.3
                At 30 June 2022                                                                               258.7          38.9        297.6

                Accumulated amortisation and impairment
                At 1 July 2020                                                                                (52.1)         (7.0)       (59.1)
                Depreciation charge for the period                                                            (36.8)         (7.4)       (44.2)
                Derecognition of right-of-use assets                                                            5.2           1.4          6.6
                Impairment loss                                                                                (3.6)             -        (3.6)
                Reversal of impairment loss                                                                     4.4              -         4.4
                Effect of movements in foreign exchange rates                                                   3.8           0.5          4.3
                At 30 June 2021                                                                               (79.1)        (12.5)       (91.6)
                Depreciation charge for the period                                                            (37.2)         (7.4)       (44.6)
                Derecognition of right-of-use assets                                                           15.7           0.9         16.6
                Reversal of impairment loss                                                                      3.0             -         3.0
                Effect of movements in foreign exchange rates                                                   (7.1)        (0.2)        (7.3)
                At 30 June 2022                                                                              (104.7)        (19.2)      (123.9)

                Net book value
                At 1 July 2021                                                                                178.1          22.4        200.5
                At 30 June 2022                                                                               154.0          19.7        173.7



               Amounts recognised in the income statement
               The following amounts, for continuing operations, were recognised in the income statement:

                $ million                                                                                                    2022         2021

                Amortisation of right-of-use assets                                                                          44.6         44.2
                Expenses relating to short-term leases                                                                       15.7         12.4
                Expenses relating to low-value assets                                                                         0.7          1.2
                Income from sub-leasing right-of-use assets                                                                  (0.8)        (0.6)
                Interest on lease liabilities                                                                                 9.8         10.5




               98                                                                                              ORORA LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                    Notes to the
                    financial statements
                    FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2022




                    Lease liabilities
                        $ million                                                                                                             2022            2021




For personal use only
                        Current lease liabilities                                                                                             49.7           48.0
                        Non-current lease liabilities                                                                                        174.8          204.8
                                                                                                                                             224.5          252.8

                    The following table sets out the undiscounted maturity analysis of future lease payments.

                        $ million                                                                                                             2022            2021
                        Within one year                                                                                                       55.9           57.0
                        Between one and five years                                                                                           154.8          182.7
                        More than five years                                                                                                  28.8           49.4
                                                                                                                                             239.5          289.1
                        Less sub-lease rental income                                                                                          (6.9)          (8.2)
                                                                                                                                             232.6          280.9

                    In addition to the above commitments, there are signed lease agreements for properties for which the Group has not yet taken
                    possession. At 30 June 2022 these leases have not been recognised on the balance sheet as the lease has not yet commenced. The
                    future undiscounted lease payments of these properties total $21.6 million (2021: nil).


                    Accounting policies
                    Assets and liabilities arising from a lease are initially measured on a present value basis.

                    Lease liability
                    Lease liabilities include the net present value of the following lease payments:
                    •      fixed payments (including in-substance fixed payments), less any lease incentive receivable
                    •      variable lease payments that are based on an index or a rate, initially measured using the index or rate as at the commencement date
                    •      amounts expected to be payable by the group under residual value guarantees
                    •      the exercise price of a purchase option if the group is reasonably certain to exercise that option; and
                    •      payments of penalties for terminating the lease, if the lease term reflects the group exercising that option.

                    Payments associated with short-term leases of equipment and vehicles and all low-value assets are recognised on a straight-line basis
                    as an expense in the income statement. Short-term leases are leases with a lease term of 12 months or less.
                    Lease payments to be made under reasonably certain extension options are also included in the measurement of the liability.
                    The lease payments are discounted using the interest rate implicit in the lease. If that rate cannot be readily determined, which is
                    generally the case for leases in the Group, the Group’s incremental borrowing rate is used, being the rate that the Group would have to
                    pay to borrow the funds necessary to obtain an asset of similar value to the right-of-use asset in a similar economic environment with
                    similar terms, security and conditions.
                    The Group is exposed to potential future increases in variable lease payments based on an index or rate, which are not included in the
                    lease liability until they take effect. When adjustments to lease payments based on an index or rate take effect, the lease liability is
                    reassessed and adjusted against the right-of-use asset.
                    Lease payments are allocated between principal and finance cost. The finance cost is charged to the income statement over the lease
                    period so as to produce a constant periodic rate of interest on the remaining balance of the liability for each period.

                    Right-of-use assets
                    Right-of-use assets are measured at cost comprising the following:
                    •      the amount of the initial measurement of lease liability
                    •      any lease payments made at or before the commencement date less any lease incentives received
                    •      any initial direct costs; and
                    •      restoration costs.

                    Right-of-use assets are generally depreciated over the shorter of the asset’s useful life and the lease term on a straight-line basis. If the
                    Group is reasonably certain to exercise a purchase option, the right-of-use asset is deprecated over the underlying asset’s useful life.




                    ORORA LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022                                                                                                           99
               Notes to the
               financial statements
               FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2022




               Section 3: Assets and liabilities (continued)
               3.6. Leases (continued)




For personal use only
               Lease term
               Extension and termination options are included in a number of property leases across the Group. These are used to maximise operational
               flexibility in terms of managing the assets used in the Group’s operations. The majority of extension and termination options held are
               exercisable only by the Group and not the respective lessor.

               Deferred tax
               A lease transaction is considered a single transaction in which the recognition of the right-of-use asset and the lease liability are
               integrally linked. As a result, differences that arise between the settlement of the lease liability and the amortisation of the leased asset
               result in a net temporary difference on which deferred tax is recognised in accordance with the Group’s deferred tax accounting policy.


                        Judgements and estimates
                        In determining the lease term, management considers all facts and circumstances that create an economic incentive to exercise an
                        extension option, or not exercise a termination option. Extension options (or periods after termination options) are only included in the lease
                        term if the lease is reasonably certain to be extended (or not terminated).
                        For leases of properties and equipment, the following factors are normally the most relevant:
                        •   if there are significant penalties to terminate (or not extend), the Group is typically reasonably certain to extend (or not terminate)
                        •   if any leasehold improvements are expected to have a significant remaining value, the Group is typically reasonably certain to extend (or
                            not terminate)
                        •   otherwise, the Group considers other factors including historical lease durations and the costs and business disruption required to
                            replace the leased asset.

                        The lease term is reassessed if an option is actually exercised (or not exercised) or the Group becomes obliged to exercise (or not exercise)
                        it. The assessment of reasonable certainty is only revised if a significant event or a significant change in circumstances occurs, which
                        affects this assessment, and that is within the control of the Group.




               100                                                                                                                 ORORA LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                    Notes to the
                    financial statements
                    FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2022




                    3.7. Intangible assets
                         The following note details the non-physical assets used by the Group to generate revenue and profits.




For personal use only
                         These assets include computer software and licences, customer relationships and goodwill. The cost of these assets is the amount that the
                         Group has paid or, where there has been a business combination, the fair value of the specific intangible assets identified. In the case of
                         goodwill, its cost is the amount the Group has paid for acquiring a business over and above the fair value of the individual assets and
                         liabilities acquired. The value of goodwill is ‘intangible’ value that comes from, for example, synergies available with the integration of the
                         acquired business into the Group, a skilled and knowledgeable assembled workforce, proprietary technologies and processes and uniquely
                         strong market positions.



                                                                                                              Other intangible assets
                                                                                                               Computer
                        $ million                                                                               software            Other        Goodwill            Total

                        Cost
                        At 1 July 2020                                                                             145.7            29.0           468.2            642.9
                        Additions for the period                                                                      6.0               -               -             6.0
                        Disposals during the period                                                                (30.2)           (0.3)               -           (30.5)
                        Other transfers                                                                             13.8                -               -            13.8
                        Effect of movements in foreign exchange rates                                                (7.1)          (2.1)          (33.2)           (42.4)
                        At 30 June 2021                                                                            128.2            26.6           435.0            589.8

                        Additions for the period                                                                      5.5                -               -            5.5
                        Disposals during the period                                                                  (4.9)               -               -           (4.9)
                        Effect of movements in foreign exchange rates                                                 8.0             2.2            33.7            43.9
                        At 30 June 2022                                                                            136.8            28.8           468.7            634.3


                        Accumulated amortisation and impairment
                        At 1 July 2020                                                                             (99.3)           (22.4)          (87.2)         (208.9)
                        Amortisation charge                                                                         (7.3)            (0.6)               -           (7.9)
                        Disposals during the period                                                                 28.7              0.1                -           28.8
                        Impairment loss                                                                             (3.0)                -               -           (3.0)
                        Effect of movements in foreign exchange rates                                                3.6              1.9             6.9            12.4
                        At 30 June 2021                                                                            (77.3)           (21.0)          (80.3)         (178.6)

                        Amortisation charge                                                                          (8.2)           (0.7)               -           (8.9)
                        Disposals during the period                                                                    1.1               -               -             1.1
                        Effect of movements in foreign exchange rates                                                (5.8)           (1.9)           (7.0)          (14.7)
                        At 30 June 2022                                                                            (90.2)           (23.6)          (87.3)         (201.1)


                        Net book value
                        At 30 June 2021                                                                             50.9              5.6          354.7            411.2
                        At 30 June 2022                                                                             46.6              5.2           381.4           433.2



                    Accounting policies
                    Other intangible assets
                    Other intangible assets include computer software, customer relationships and software licences. The cost of these assets is the
                    amount that the Group has paid or, where there has been a business combination, their fair value at the date of acquisition.
                    Internal spend on computer software is only capitalised within the development phase, when the asset is separate and it is probable that
                    future economic benefits attributable to the asset will flow to the Group. Costs incurred in the customisation and configuration in the
                    implementation of a Software-as-a-Service arrangements are only capitalised when a unique customised software product controlled by
                    the Group is identified.
                    Following initial recognition, other intangible assets are carried at cost less amortisation and any impairment losses.
                    Other intangible assets are amortised on a straight-line basis over their useful life, and tested for impairment whenever there is an
                    indication that they may be impaired. Refer to note 3.8 for further details on impairment.
                    Computer software and licences are amortised over a period of between three to ten years whilst customer relationships are amortised
                    over a period of up to 10 years. The amortisation period and method is reviewed each financial year.


                    ORORA LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022                                                                                                                  101
               Notes to the
               financial statements
               FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2022




               Section 3: Assets and liabilities (continued)
               3.7. Intangible assets (continued)




For personal use only
               Goodwill
               The goodwill recognised by the Group has arisen as a result of business combinations and represents the future economic benefits that
               arise from assets that are not capable of being individually identified and separately recognised.
               Goodwill is initially measured as the amount the Group has paid in acquiring a business over and above the fair value of the individual
               assets and liabilities acquired.
               Goodwill is not amortised but is instead tested annually for impairment, or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances
               indicate that it might be impaired, and is carried at cost less any accumulated impairment losses.
               Where there has been a change in the Group’s circumstances such as, technological changes or a decline in business performance, a
               review of the value of the intangible assets, including goodwill, is undertaken to ensure the assets’ value has not fallen below its
               amortised value. Should an assets’ value fall below its amortised value an additional impairment charge is made against profit and the
               carrying value of the asset. Refer note 3.8.

               3.8. Impairment of non-financial assets
               Testing for impairment
               The Group tests property, plant and equipment, intangibles and goodwill for impairment:
               •    where there is an indication that an asset may be impaired (which is assessed each reporting date);
               •    where there is an indication that previously recognised impairments (on assets other than goodwill) have changed; and
               •    at least annually for goodwill.

               In testing for impairment, the recoverable amount is estimated for an individual asset or, if it is not possible to estimate the recoverable
               amount for the individual asset, the recoverable amount of the cash generating unit (CGU) to which the asset belongs. CGUs are the
               smallest identifiable group of assets that generate cash inflows that are largely independent from the cash flows of other assets or group
               of assets. Each CGU is no larger than an operating segment.
               Assets are impaired if their carrying value exceeds their recoverable amount. The recoverable amount of an asset or CGU is determined
               as the higher of its fair value less costs of disposal or value in use.
               An impairment loss is recognised in the income statement if the carrying amount of an asset or a CGU exceeds its recoverable amount.
               Impairment losses recognised in respect of CGUs are allocated first to reduce the carrying amount of any goodwill allocated to the CGU
               (group of CGUs) and then, to reduce the carrying amount of the other assets in the CGU (group of CGUs).

               Impairment calculations
               In assessing value in use, the estimated future cash flows are discounted to their present value using a pre-tax discount rate that
               reflects the risks specific to the asset or CGU and the market’s current assessment of the time value of money.
               Value in use is assessed using cash flow projections for five years using data from the Group’s latest internal forecasts and is
               management’s best estimate of income, expenses, capital expenditure and cash flows for each CGU. Changes in selling prices and direct
               costs are based on past experience and management’s expectation of future changes in the markets in which the Group operates. These
               cash flow projections included estimates of capital outflows required to meet the Group's current strategy and commitment to manage
               climate related risk and opportunities. Orora will continue to develop reporting plans and quantitative analysis around the Group’s climate
               change strategy, the financial Implications of which will continue to be considered and built into future cash flow assumptions used
               within impairment modelling.
               Cash flows beyond the five-year period are extrapolated using estimated growth rates which are determined with regard to the long-term
               performance of each CGU in their respective markets and are not expected to exceed the long-term average growth rates for the industry
               in which each CGU operates.
               The discount rate used in performing the value in use calculations reflects the Group’s weighted average cost of capital, as adjusted for
               specific risks relating to each geographical region in which the CGU’s operate.

               Reversal of impairment
               Where there is an indication that previously recognised impairment losses may no longer exist or may have decreased, the asset is
               tested for impairment. The impairment loss is reversed if there has been a change in the estimates used to determine the recoverable
               amount of the asset and is reversed only to the extent that the carrying amount of the asset does not exceed the carrying amount that
               would have been determined, net of depreciation or amortisation, had no impairment loss been recognised. Impairments recognised for
               goodwill are not reversed.




               102                                                                                                      ORORA LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                    Notes to the
                    financial statements
                    FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2022




                    Goodwill impairment tests
                    For the purpose of impairment testing, goodwill is allocated to CGUs or groups of CGUs according to the level at which management




For personal use only
                    monitors goodwill. Goodwill is tested annually or more regularly if there are indicators of impairment.
                    The recoverable amounts of the CGUs were based on the present value of the future cash flows expected to be derived from the CGU
                    (value in use calculation). Value in use is calculated from cash flow projections for five years using data from the Group’s latest internal
                    forecasts. The key assumptions for the value in use calculations are those regarding the expected changes in earnings during the initial
                    five-year period, discount rates and growth rates applied to the extrapolated periods of the value in use calculation.
                    The following table presents a summary of the goodwill allocation and the key assumptions used in determining the recoverable amount
                    of each CGU:
                                                                                                                         Orora Packaging
                                                                                                           Australasia          Solutions     Orora Visual

                        2022
                        Goodwill allocation ($ million)                                                                     32.2              282.3                66.9
                        Pre-tax discount rate (%)                                                                           10.7                9.7                 9.8
                        Terminal growth rate (%)                                                                             2.0                2.0                 2.0

                        2021
                        Goodwill allocation ($ million)                                                                     32.7              260.4                61.6
                        Pre-tax discount rate (%)                                                                            8.8                9.2                 9.1
                        Terminal growth rate (%)                                                                             2.0                2.0                 2.0


                    Orora Visual CGU
                    As at 30 June 2022, as a consequence of the impairment charge recognised during the financial year ended 30 June 2020, the excess of
                    the estimated recoverable amount over the carrying value is more limited for the Orora Visual CGU than other Orora CGUs. It is expected
                    that the excess will increase as initiatives and actions focused on enhancing the earnings of this business are implemented, driving an
                    increase in value over time. The assumptions used in determining the recoverable amount of this CGU are sensitive, and dependent on
                    the continued improvement in the underlying business. It is not considered likely that any reasonable, possible change in a key
                    assumption would result in any impairment.

                    Other CGUs
                    Whilst the outlook for the Group remains subject to the future potential impacts of rapidly changing market conditions and inflationary
                    pressures, based on current economic conditions and performance of the Australasia and Orora Packaging Solutions CGUs, no reasonable
                    possible change in any of the key assumptions would be expected to result in a material impairment to the Group using the value-in-use
                    methodology.


                            Judgements and estimates
                            The determination of impairment involves the use of judgements and estimates that include, but are not limited to, the cause, timing and
                            measurement of the impairment. Management is required to make significant judgements concerning the identification of impairment
                            indicators, such as changes in competitive positions, expectations of growth, increased cost of capital, and other factors that may indicate
                            impairment, such as a business restructuring.
                            Management is also required to make significant estimates regarding future cash flows and the determination of fair values when assessing
                            the recoverable amount of assets (or groups of assets). Inputs into these valuations require assumptions and estimates to be made about
                            forecast earnings and related future cash flows, growth rates, applicable discount rates, useful lives and residual values.
                            The judgements, estimates and assumptions used in assessing impairment are management’s best estimates based on current and
                            forecast market conditions. Changes in economic and operating conditions impacting these assumptions could result in changes in the
                            recognition of impairment charges in future periods.




                    ORORA LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022                                                                                                                103
               Notes to the
               financial statements
               FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2022




               Section 3: Assets and liabilities (continued)
               3.9. Provisions




For personal use only
                                                                                                       Workers'
                                                                                                  compensation,     Asset restoration,
                                                                                   Employee       insurance and     restructuring and
                $ million                                                       entitlements        other claims    decommissioning                  Total

                2022
                Opening balance                                                         25.8                16.5                 78.4               120.7
                Provisions made during the period                                       16.9                 1.7                  11.3               29.9
                Payments made during the period                                        (12.8)               (4.3)               (30.5)              (47.6)
                Released during the period                                              (0.5)               (3.2)                (0.2)               (3.9)
                Effect of movement in foreign exchange rate                              0.7                 0.6                   1.2                2.5
                Closing balance                                                         30.1                11.3                 60.2                101.6

                Current                                                                 28.0                10.4                 48.5                86.9
                Non-current                                                               2.1                0.9                  11.7                14.7

                2021
                Opening balance                                                         26.9                 6.9                 83.0               116.8
                Provisions made during the period                                       15.1                10.0                 48.6                73.7
                Payments made during the period                                        (12.7)               (0.2)               (51.6)              (64.5)
                Released during the period                                               (3.1)                  -                (0.4)               (3.5)
                Additions through business acquisitions                                   0.1                   -                    -                 0.1
                Effect of movement in foreign exchange rate                             (0.5)               (0.2)                (1.2)                (1.9)
                Closing balance                                                         25.8                16.5                 78.4               120.7

                Current                                                                 23.7                14.2                 50.4                88.3
                Non-current                                                              2.1                 2.3                 28.0                32.4



               Accounting policies
               A provision is recognised when: the Group has a present legal or constructive obligation arising from past events; it is probable that cash
               will be paid to settle it; and a reliable estimate can be made of the amount of the obligation.
               Provisions are determined by discounting the expected future cash flows at a pre-tax rate that reflects the current market assessments
               of the time value of money and the risks specific to the liability. The unwinding of the discount is recognised as a finance cost in the
               income statement.

               Employee entitlements
               The provision for employee entitlements represents the obligation for annual leave, long service leave entitlements and incentives
               accrued by employees.
               Liabilities for employee benefits such as wages, salaries and other current employee entitlements represent present obligations arising
               from employees’ services provided to the reporting date and are calculated at undiscounted amounts based on remuneration wage and
               salary rates, including related on-costs, such as workers compensation insurance and payroll tax, and are presented in other payables.
               The liability for annual leave and long service leave is measured as the present value of estimated future cash outflows to be made in
               respect of services provided by the employee up to the reporting date. Consideration is given to expected future wage and salary levels,
               experience of employee departures and period of service. Expected future payments that are not expected to be settled within 12
               months are discounted using market yields at the reporting date of high-quality corporate bonds. The rates used reflect the terms to
               maturity and currency that match, as closely as possible, the estimated future cash outflows.




               104                                                                                                      ORORA LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                    Notes to the
                    financial statements
                    FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2022




                    Workers’ compensation, insurance and other claims
                    The Group self-insures for various risks, including risks associated with workers’ compensation. Provisions are recognised for claims




For personal use only
                    received and expected to be received in relation to incidents occurring prior to reporting date and are measured based upon historical
                    claim rates.
                    Estimated net future cash flows are based on the assumption that all claims will be settled and the weighted average cost of historical
                    claims adjusted for inflation will continue to approximate future costs.

                    Asset restoration, restructuring and decommissioning
                    Asset restoration and decommissioning
                    Where the Group has a legal or constructive obligation to restore a site on which an asset is located, either through make-good provisions
                    included in lease agreements or decommissioning of environmental risks, the present value of the estimated costs of dismantling and
                    removing the asset and restoring the site is recognised as a provision with a corresponding increase in the related item of property, plant
                    and equipment.
                    At each reporting date, the liability is remeasured in line with changes in discount rates, estimated cash flows and the timing of those
                    cash flows. Any changes in the liability are added to or deducted from the related asset, other than the unwinding of the discount, which
                    is recognised as a financing cost in the income statement. If there is no related asset in respect of the restoration or decommissioning
                    activity changes in the liability are recognised in the income statement.
                    The asset restoration provision includes amounts that have been recognised in respect of certain environmental contamination
                    indemnities provided under the Australian Fibre sale and purchase agreement. The indemnity relates to certain pre-existing
                    contamination that may exist at the Australasian Fibre sites as at 30 April 2020, where after this date the contamination is either a)
                    required to be remediated by a regulatory agency or b) the site is subject to regulatory enforcement action that is directly related to pre-
                    existing contamination.

                    Restructuring
                    A provision for restructuring is recognised when the Group has a detailed formal restructuring plan and the restructuring has either
                    commenced or has been publicly announced, including discussions with affected personnel. Future operating costs in relation to the
                    restructuring are not provided for. Payments falling due greater than 12 months after reporting date are discounted to present value.




                    ORORA LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022                                                                                                        105
               Notes to the
               financial statements
               FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2022




               Section 3: Assets and liabilities (continued)
               3.9. Provisions (continued)




For personal use only
                        Judgements and estimates
                        A provision is recognised by the Group where an obligation exists relating to a past event, it is probable that a cash payment will be required
                        to settle it, and the Group is not certain how much cash will be required to settle the liability. The value of that provision is based upon
                        estimates and assumptions with regards to the amount and timing of cash flows required to settle the obligation, which are dependent on
                        future events. The key assumptions applicable to the determination of the provisions are as follows:

                        Employee entitlements
                        The provision for employee entitlements is based on a number of management estimates, which include:
                        •   future increase in salaries, wages and on-cost rates
                        •   future probability of employee departures
                        •   future probability of years of service (long service leave provision)

                        Workers’ compensation
                        The self-insured workers’ compensation provision is based on a number of management estimates including, but not limited to:
                        •   future inflation
                        •   claim administration expenses
                        •   historical weighted average size of claims
                        •   claim development

                        Asset restoration and decommissioning
                        Asset restoration and decommissioning provisions require assessments to be made of lease make-good conditions and decommissioning
                        and environmental risks. The provisions require estimates to be made of costs to dismantle and remove equipment and to restore the site to
                        the condition required under the terms of the lease or contract and as required by environmental laws and regulations.
                        The recognition and measurement of asset restoration and decommissioning provisions is a complex area and requires significant
                        judgement and estimates. The measurement of the provision can vary as a result of many factors, including, but not limited to:
                        •   changes in the relevant legal or local/national government requirements and any other commitments made to stakeholders;
                        •   review of remediation and restoration options
                        •   identification of additional remediation requirements identified during the restorative process
                        •   the emergence of new restoration techniques

                        In determining an appropriate provision management gives consideration to the results of the most recently completed surveying data in
                        respect of the remediation process, current cost estimates and appropriate inclusion of contingency in cost estimates to allow for both
                        known and unknown residual risks.
                        Estimates can be impacted by the emergence of new restoration techniques and experience at other operations. This is compounded by the
                        fact that there has been limited restoration activity and historical precedent within the Group against which to benchmark estimates of the
                        costs to remediate.
                        The decommissioning of the Petrie site is a significant and complex exercise involving multiple government agencies. The Group continues
                        to use a specialist environmental consulting firm to manage the completion of the remaining remediation works. At the date of this Report,
                        decommissioning work continues on site with the estimated costs to complete the decommissioning contingent on final remediation
                        requirements which require significant judgement in respect of determining a reliable estimate.
                        Management have measured the Petrie decommissioning provision as at 30 June 2022 using all currently available information and
                        considering applicable legislative and environmental regulations. However, given the complexity and multiple stakeholders involved in the
                        decommissioning of the Petrie site, there remains a risk of further currently unidentified costs in the future.
                        All the uncertainties discussed above may result in future actual expenditure differing from the amounts currently provided for in the
                        balance sheet.

                        Restructuring
                        Restructuring provisions require assessments to be made regarding the timing of recognition, specifically are plans sufficiently detailed,
                        approved and communicated to support recognition at a point in time. The provisions also require estimates to be made of the cost of
                        restructuring and the timing of these cash outflows.
                        The judgements, estimates and assumptions used in the recognition of all provisions are evaluated on an ongoing basis and are based on
                        historical experience and other factors, including expectation of future events that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstance
                        and are management’s best estimates based on currently available information, legislation and environmental laws and regulations. The
                        actual result may differ from these accounting estimates. Revisions to accounting estimates are recognised in the period in which the
                        estimate is revised and in any future periods affected.




               106                                                                                                                 ORORA LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                    Notes to the
                    financial statements
                    FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2022




                    Section 4: Income tax




For personal use only
                          In this section
                          This section sets out the Group’s tax accounting policies, the current and deferred tax charges or credits in the year (which together make
                          up the total tax charge or credit in the income statement), a reconciliation of profit before tax to the tax charge for the period and the
                          movements in the deferred tax assets and liabilities.



                    4.1. Income tax expense
                    The total taxation charge in the income statement for continuing operations is analysed as follows:

                        $ million                                                                                                                                        2022           2021

                        Current tax expense
                        Current period                                                                                                                                   (56.8)        (50.8)
                        Adjustments relating to prior periods                                                                                                             (0.2)          3.0
                        Total current tax expense                                                                                                                        (57.0)        (47.8)

                        Deferred tax expense
                        Origination and reversal of temporary differences                                                                                                (14.7)          (0.2)
                        Total income tax expense                                                                                                                         (71.7)        (48.0)

                        Deferred income tax expense included in income tax expense comprises:
                         (Decrease)/increase in deferred tax assets                                                                                                        (2.6)        10.2
                         Increase in deferred tax liabilities                                                                                                             (12.1)       (10.4)
                        Deferred income tax expense included in total income tax expense                                                                                 (14.7)          (0.2)



                    The following table provides a numerical reconciliation of income tax expense for continuing operations to prima facie tax payable:

                        $ million                                                                                                                                        2022           2021

                        Profit before related income tax (expense)/benefit                                                                                              258.8          177.7
                        Tax at the Australian tax rate of 30% (2021: 30%)                                                                                                (77.6)        (53.3)
                        Tax effect of amounts which are not deductible/(taxable) in calculating taxable income:
                          Net tax effect of amounts which are non-deductible/non-assessable for tax                                                                        (0.1)         (0.8)
                          Net tax credits and tax loss utilisation                                                                                                          0.7              -
                        Over provision in prior period                                                                                                                      1.3           3.0
                        Foreign tax rate differential                                                                                                                       4.0           3.1
                                                     (1)
                        Total income tax expense                                                                                                                         (71.7)        (48.0)

                    (1)    Total income tax expense in the comparative period includes an income tax benefit of $11.6 million in respect of significant items recognised during the period,
                           refer note 1.2.




                    ORORA LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022                                                                                                                                    107
               Notes to the
               financial statements
               FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2022




               Section 4: Income tax (continued)
               4.2. Deferred tax balances




For personal use only
               Deferred income tax in the balance sheet relates to the following:

                $ million                                                                                                                  2022        2021

                Deferred tax assets
                Net right-of-use lease accounting                                                                                           14.6        15.6
                Trade receivable loss allowance provision                                                                                    1.6         0.5
                Valuation of inventories                                                                                                    20.2        16.7
                Employee benefits                                                                                                           36.3        32.6
                Provisions                                                                                                                  15.0        25.2
                                                                                                                                            87.7        90.6
                Tax set-off                                                                                                                (71.6)      (64.4)
                Deferred tax asset                                                                                                           16.1       26.2


                Deferred tax liabilities
                Property, plant and equipment                                                                                               66.0        60.1
                Intangible assets                                                                                                           13.7         8.5
                Financial instruments at fair value                                                                                          1.7         0.4
                Accruals and other items                                                                                                     3.9         2.2
                                                                                                                                            85.3        71.2
                Tax set-off                                                                                                                (71.6)      (64.4)
                Deferred tax liability                                                                                                      13.7         6.8



               Deferred income tax in the income statement from continuing operations relates to the following:

                $ million                                                                                                                  2022        2021

                Property, plant and equipment                                                                                                3.4          5.4
                Net right-of-use lease accounting                                                                                             2.1         0.7
                Trade receivable loss allowance provision                                                                                    (1.1)       (0.1)
                Intangible assets                                                                                                            4.3          4.2
                Valuation of inventories                                                                                                    (3.1)        (2.4)
                Employee benefits                                                                                                           (1.2)        (6.4)
                Provisions                                                                                                                  10.2         (0.4)
                Financial instruments at fair value                                                                                          0.6          0.7
                Accruals and other items                                                                                                    (0.5)        (1.5)
                Deferred tax expense                                                                                                        14.7         0.2



               Accounting policies
               Income tax expense comprises current and deferred tax. Income tax expense is recognised in profit or loss except to the extent that it
               relates to items recognised directly in equity or in other comprehensive income, in which case it is recognised directly in equity or in
               other comprehensive income respectively.

               Current tax
               Current tax is the expected tax payable on taxable income for the period, using tax rates enacted or substantively enacted at the
               reporting date, and any adjustment to tax payable in respect of previous periods. Current tax is also adjusted by changes in deferred tax
               assets and liabilities attributable to temporary differences between the tax bases of assets and liabilities and their carrying amounts in
               the financial statements, and by the availability of unused tax losses.
               Current tax assets and liabilities are offset where the Group has a legally enforceable right to offset and intends either to settle on a net
               basis, or to realise the asset and settle the liability simultaneously.




               108                                                                                                         ORORA LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                    Notes to the
                    financial statements
                    FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2022




                    Deferred tax
                    Deferred tax is recognised using the balance sheet method in which temporary differences are calculated based on the carrying amounts




For personal use only
                    of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the amounts used for taxation purposes. Deferred tax is not recognised for:
                    •   taxable temporary differences arising on the initial recognition of goodwill;
                    •   taxable differences on the initial recognition of assets or liabilities in a transaction that is not a business combination and that
                        affects neither accounting nor taxable profit; and
                    •   temporary differences relating to investments in subsidiaries to the extent that the Group is able to control the timing of the reversal
                        of the temporary difference and it is probable that they will not reverse in the foreseeable future.

                    Deferred tax is measured at the tax rates that are expected to be applied when the temporary difference reverses, that is, when the asset
                    is realised or the liability is settled, based on the laws that have been enacted or substantively enacted at the reporting date.
                    Deferred tax assets are recognised for deductible temporary differences and unused tax losses only to the extent that it is probable that
                    future taxable profits will be available against which the assets can be utilised. Deferred tax assets are reviewed at each reporting date
                    and are reduced to the extent that it is no longer probable that the related tax benefit will be realised.

                    Offsetting deferred tax balances
                    Deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset when there is a legally enforceable right to offset and when the deferred tax balances relate
                    to taxes levied by the same tax authority on the same taxable entity, or on different tax entities, but the Group intends to settle current
                    tax liabilities and assets on a net basis or their tax assets and liabilities will be realised simultaneously.

                    Unrecognised deferred tax assets and liabilities
                    Deferred tax liabilities have not been recognised in respect of temporary differences arising as a result of the translation of the financial
                    statements of the Group investments in subsidiaries. The deferred tax liability will only arise in the event of disposal of the subsidiary,
                    and no such disposal is expected in the foreseeable future.
                    Unremitted earnings of the Group’s international operations are considered to be reinvested indefinitely and relate to the ongoing
                    operations. Upon distribution of any earnings in the form of dividends or otherwise, the Group may be subject to withholding taxes
                    payable to various foreign countries, however, such amounts are not considered to be significant. As the Group controls when the
                    deferred tax liability will be incurred and is satisfied that it will not be incurred in the foreseeable future, the deferred tax liability has not
                    been recognised. There are no unrecognised deferred tax assets.


                         Judgements and estimates
                         The Group is subject to income taxes in Australia and foreign jurisdictions and as a result the calculation of the Group’s tax charge involves a
                         degree of estimation and judgement in respect of certain items, including assumptions made in respect of the application of tax legislation.
                         There are many transactions and calculations relating to the ordinary course of business for which the ultimate tax determination is
                         uncertain. The Group recognises liabilities for uncertain tax positions based on management’s best estimate of whether additional taxes will
                         be due. Where the final outcome of these matters is different from the amounts that were initially recorded, these differences impact the
                         current and deferred tax provisions in the period in which such determinations are made.
                         Deferred tax assets are recognised for deductible temporary differences and unused tax losses only if it is probable that future taxable
                         profits are available to utilise those temporary differences and losses, and the tax losses continue to be available having regard to the
                         nature and timing of their origination and compliance with the relevant tax legislation associated with their recoupment. The assumptions
                         regarding the future realisation, and therefore the recognition of deferred tax assets, may change due to future operating performance and
                         other factors.
                         The assumptions made in respect of the recognised tax balances are subject to risk and uncertainty and there is a possibility that changes
                         in circumstances or differences in opinion will alter outcomes which may impact the amount of deferred tax assets and deferred tax
                         liabilities recognised and the amount of tax losses and timing differences not yet recognised.




                    ORORA LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022                                                                                                                109
               Notes to the
               financial statements
               FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2022




               Section 5: Financial risk management




For personal use only
                   In this section
                   The following section outlines how the Group manages the financial risks it is exposed to associated with holding financial instruments that
                   arise from the Group’s need to access financing (bank loans and overdrafts and unsecured notes), from the Group’s operational activities
                   (cash, trade receivables and payables) and instruments held as part of the Group’s risk management activities (derivative financial
                   instruments).



                   Financial risk management is carried out by Orora Group Treasury under the Treasury Risk Management Policy that has been approved by the
                   Board for managing each of the below risks including principles and procedures with respect to risk tolerance, delegated levels of authority
                   on the type and use of derivative financial instruments and the reporting of these exposures. The Treasury function reports regularly to the
                   Board and treasury procedures are subject to periodic reviews.
                   In accordance with Board approved policies the Group typically uses derivative financial instruments to hedge underlying exposures arising
                   from the Group’s operational activities relating to changes in foreign exchange rates on foreign currency commercial transactions
                   (transaction risk), exposure to changes in commodity prices, changes in interest rates on net borrowings and changes in the Company’s
                   share price.



               The Group’s overall financial risk management program focuses on the unpredictability of financial markets and seeks to minimise
               potential adverse effects on the Group’s financial performance as set out in the table below:

               Risk                   Exposure                                                Management

               Market risks
               •      Interest rate   The Group is exposed to interest rate risk in respect   The Group mitigates interest rate risk primarily by maintaining an
                      risk            of short and long-term borrowings where interest is     appropriate mix of fixed and floating rate borrowing
                                      charged at variable rates.                              arrangements. Where necessary the Group hedges interest rate
                                                                                              risk using derivative instruments – eg interest rate swaps. Refer
                                                                                              notes 5.1.1 and 5.4.
               •      Foreign         The Group is exposed to foreign exchange risk           Loans are drawn in foreign currency by foreign entities to create a
                      exchange risk   because of its international operations and the need    natural hedge of foreign currency assets and liabilities. Where a
                                      to undertake certain transactions denominated in        natural hedge does not exist the Group’s policy is to hedge
                                      foreign currencies. These risks relate to future        contractual commitments denominated in a foreign currency by
                                      commercial transactions (mainly relating to export      entering into forward exchange contracts. Refer notes 5.1.2 and
                                      sales, the purchase of inventory and capital            5.4.
                                      expenditure), financial assets and liabilities not
                                      denominated in A$ and net investments in foreign
                                      operations.
               •      Commodity       The Group is exposed to changes in commodity            Where possible, the Group mitigates raw material commodity
                      price risk      prices in respect of the purchase of aluminium raw      price risk by contractually passing rise and fall adjustments
                                      materials and the price of electricity and gas.         through to customers. To mitigate the variability of wholesale
                                                                                              electricity prices in Australia, the Group utilises Power Purchase
                                                                                              Arrangements (PPAs). Refer notes 5.1.3 and 5.4.
               •      Employee        The Group’s employee share plans require the            The Group has established the Orora Employee Share Trust which
                      share plan risk delivery of shares to employees in the future when      manages and administers the Group’s responsibilities under the
                                      rights vest or options are exercised. The Group         employee share plans through acquiring, holding and transferring
                                      currently acquires shares on market to deliver          shares or rights to shares in the Company to participating
                                      these shares exposing the Group to cash flow risk –     employees. Refer note 5.1.4, 6.2 and 7.1.
                                      i.e. as the share price increases it costs more to
                                      acquire the shares on market.
               Credit risk            The Group is exposed to credit risk from financial      The Group manages credit risk through a robust system of
                                      instrument contracts and trade and other                counterparty approval, granting and renewal of credit limits,
                                      receivables. The maximum exposure to credit risk        regular monitoring of exposures against such credit limits and
                                      at reporting date is the carrying amount, net of any    assessing the overall financial stability and competitive strength
                                      provision for impairment, of each financial asset in    of the counterparty on an ongoing basis. Refer to notes 5.2 and
                                      the balance sheet.                                      3.1 for credit risk exposures relating to trade and other
                                                                                              receivables.
                                                                                              The Group only enters into financial instrument contracts with
                                                                                              high credit quality financial institutions with a minimum long-
                                                                                              term credit rating of BBB+ or better by Standard & Poor’s.




               110                                                                                                              ORORA LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                    Notes to the
                    financial statements
                    FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2022




                    Risk                   Exposure                                                Management

                    Liquidity and          The Group is exposed to liquidity and funding risk from The Group mitigates funding and liquidity risks (refer note 5.3) by




For personal use only
                    funding risk           operations and from external borrowings, where the       ensuring that:
                                           risk is that the Group may not be able to refinance debt • a sufficient range of funds are available to meet working
                                           obligations or meet other cash outflow obligations          capital and investment objectives;
                                           when required.                                           • adequate flexibility within the funding structure is maintained
                                                                                                       through the use of bank overdrafts, bank loans and unsecured
                                                                                                       notes;
                                                                                                    • through regular monitoring of rolling forecast of cash inflows
                                                                                                       and outflows, the cost of funding is minimised and that the
                                                                                                       return on any surplus funds is maximised through efficient
                                                                                                       cash management;
                                                                                                    • there is a focus on improving operational cash flow and
                                                                                                       maintaining a strong balance sheet.


                    5.1. Market risks
                    5.1.1. Interest rate risk
                    The Group’s main interest rate risk arises from long-term borrowings with variable rates, which expose the Group to cash flow interest
                    rate risk. The Group’s Treasury Risk Management Policy is to maintain an appropriate mix between fixed and floating rate borrowings,
                    monitoring global interest rates, and where appropriate, hedging floating interest rate exposures or borrowings at fixed interest rates
                    through the use of interest rate swaps and forward interest rate contracts.
                    The Group’s objective is to hold a percentage of fixed rate debt within the appropriate range for its tenor as defined in the Treasury Risk
                    Management Policy. At 30 June 2022, approximately 52% (2021: 64%] of the Group’s debt is fixed rate. The movement in fixed rate debt
                    was a result of an increase in bank debt drawn during the current period, which is at variable rates.

                    Exposure
                    The Group had the following variable rate borrowings and there were no interest rate swap contracts outstanding at 30 June:

                                                                                                                                       Weighted average         Balance
                                                                                                                                           interest rate        $million

                        2022
                        Bank loans                                                                                                                  2.5%          330.0
                        Interest rate swaps (notional principal amount)                                                                                -              -
                        Net exposure to cash flow interest rate risk                                                                                              330.0

                        2021
                        Bank loans                                                                                                                  1.4%          180.0
                        Interest rate swaps (notional principal amount)                                                                                -              -
                        Net exposure to cash flow interest rate risk                                                                                              180.0




                    ORORA LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022                                                                                                                111
               Notes to the
               financial statements
               FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2022




               Section 5: Financial risk management (continued)
               5.1. Market risks (continued)




For personal use only
               5.1.1. Interest rate risk (continued)
               Interest rate derivatives used for hedging
               The Group did not hold any derivative instruments as at 30 June 2022 (2021: nil) in respect of hedging interest rate risk.
               The Group’s interest rate swaps are predominantly classified as cash flow hedges so any movement in the fair value is recognised
               directly in equity. The amounts accumulated in equity are transferred to the income statement in the period in which the hedged item
               affects profit or loss. During the period no amounts were recognised directly in equity in relation to interest rate swaps (2021: nil).

               Sensitivity
               At 30 June 2022, if Australian and US interest rates had increased by 1.0% (100 bps), post-tax profit for the year would have been $2.3
               million lower (2021: $1.3 million lower), net of derivatives. If interest rates on Australian and US dollar denominated borrowings had
               decreased by 1.0% (100 bps), post-tax profit for the year would have been $2.3 million higher (2021: $1.3 million higher), net of
               derivatives.

               Amounts recognised in profit or loss and other comprehensive income
               During the year no amounts, relating to cash flow hedges on interest rate swaps were recognised in other comprehensive income (2021:
               nil) and no amounts were recognised in the income statement in respect of hedge ineffectiveness on interest rate swaps (2021: nil). In
               addition, during the period there were no amounts relating to cash flow hedges on interest rate swaps that were transferred from equity
               to operating profit (2021: nil).

               5.1.2. Foreign exchange risk
               The Group operates internationally and is therefore exposed to currency risk arising from movements in foreign currency rates, primarily
               with respect to the US Dollar and NZ Dollar. The foreign exchange risk arises from:
               •    recognised monetary assets and liabilities held in a non-functional currency and net investments in foreign operations (translation
                    risk); and
               •    differences in the dates foreign currency commercial transactions are entered into and the date they are settled (transaction risk).

               Translation risk
               To limit translation risk exposure the Group’s borrowings are generally denominated in currencies that match the cash flows generated
               by the underlying operations of the Group, which are primarily Australian and US dollars. Interest payable on those borrowings is
               denominated in the currency of the borrowing. In respect of the US operations this provides a natural economic hedge without requiring
               derivatives to be entered into.

               Exposure
               The summary quantitative data about the Group’s exposure to translation currency risk, as reported to the management of the Group, is
               as follows:

                                                                                                                    2022                      2021
                $ million                                                                                         USD         NZD           USD          NZD

                Funds employed                                                                                  729.9        65.3       663.0          63.8
                Net Debt                                                                                       (336.8)        19.1      (300.8)        17.0
                                                                                                                46.1%      (29.2%)      45.4%        (26.6%)




               112                                                                                                       ORORA LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                    Notes to the
                    financial statements
                    FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2022




                    Transaction risk
                    To manage foreign currency transaction risk, where a natural hedge does not exist, the Group’s policy is to hedge material foreign




For personal use only
                    currency denominated expenditure at the time of commitment and to hedge a proportion of foreign currency denominated forecasted
                    exposures on a rolling 18-month basis (mainly relating to export sales, the purchase of inventory and capital expenditure and the
                    resulting payables) through the use of forward foreign exchange contracts or foreign currency options taken out for up to two years from
                    the forecast date.

                    The Group’s exposure to foreign currency risk at the end of the reporting period in respect of foreign denominated monetary items,
                    expressed in Australian dollars, was as follows:

                        $ million                                                                              USD           NZD           EUR           GBP

                        2022
                        Trade receivables                                                                     19.9           0.7               -             -
                        Trade payables                                                                      (142.8)            -           (1.2)         (0.3)

                        Foreign currency forwards
                        Cash flow hedges
                           Buy foreign currency                                                              116.7             -           7.4           3.9
                           Sell foreign currency                                                                 -           2.5             -             -
                        Fair value hedges
                           Buy foreign currency                                                              112.3              -             -             -
                        Held for trading
                           Buy foreign currency                                                                8.7             -           2.0              -
                           Sell foreign currency                                                                 -           0.4             -              -


                        2021
                        Trade receivables                                                                     10.1            0.6              -            -
                        Trade payables                                                                       (13.0)          (0.2)         (1.5)            -

                        Foreign currency forwards
                        Cash flow hedges
                           Buy foreign currency                                                              141.7             -             -           4.4
                           Sell foreign currency                                                                 -           2.8           3.9             -
                        Held for trading
                           Buy foreign currency                                                                4.0             -           0.3              -
                           Sell foreign currency                                                                 -           0.4             -              -




                    ORORA LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022                                                                                                     113
               Notes to the
               financial statements
               FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2022




               Section 5: Financial risk management (continued)
               5.1. Market risks (continued)




For personal use only
               5.1.2. Foreign exchange risk (continued)
               Forward exchange derivatives used for hedging
               The below carrying values represent the fair value of instruments used to hedge foreign exchange risk together with the associated
               nominal volume:

                                                                                                               Notional    Weighted           $ million
                                                                                                                   Item     Average         Asset      Liability

                2022
                Cash flow hedges
                  AUD/USD                                                                                     USD109.3      0.7226            7.0              -
                  AUD/EUR                                                                                       EUR9.4      0.6442            0.1          (0.3)
                  AUD/GBP                                                                                       GBP3.9      0.5417              -          (0.3)
                  NZD/USD                                                                                      USD16.1      0.6391            0.6              -
                  NZD/AUD                                                                                       NZD2.9      0.9296            0.1              -
                Fair value hedges
                  AUD/USD                                                                                      USD95.2      0.7277            7.0             -
                  NZD/USD                                                                                      USD17.1      0.6766            1.9             -
                Total derivatives in an asset/(liability) position                                                                           16.7          (0.6)

                2021
                Cash flow hedges
                  AUD/USD                                                                                     USD118.5       0.7619           3.0          (0.6)
                  AUD/EUR                                                                                       EUR4.2       0.6339           0.1              -
                  AUD/GBP                                                                                       GBP4.4       0.5448              -             -
                  NZD/USD                                                                                      USD27.2       0.7055           0.8          (0.4)
                  NZD/AUD                                                                                       NZD3.2       0.9293              -             -
                Total derivatives in an asset/(liability) position                                                                            3.9          (1.0)



               Sensitivity
               The following sensitivity illustrates how a reasonably possible change in the US dollar and NZ dollar would impact the financial results
               and position of the Group as at 30 June:
               •    if the Australian dollar had weakened by 10% against the US dollar with all other variables held constant, post-tax profit would have
                    been $9.1 million higher, net of derivatives, and equity would have been $20.9 million higher (2021: post-tax profit $0.4 million higher
                    and equity $14.8 million higher).
               •    if the Australian dollar had weakened by 10% against the NZ dollar with all other variables held constant, there would have been no
                    material impact upon post-tax profit and equity would have been $0.4 million lower (2021: no material impact upon post-tax profit
                    and equity would have been $0.6 million lower).

               Amounts recognised in profit or loss and other comprehensive income
               Within general and administrative expense in the income statement the Group recognised a net foreign exchange loss of $0.7 million
               (2021: $0.3 million loss) and, in respect of foreign currency derivatives designated at fair value through profit or loss, a gain of $0.4
               million (2021: $0.2 million gain).
               In addition, a gain of $9.9 million (2021: $2.9 million gain) relating to cash flow hedges and a $27.3 million gain (2021: $35.4 million loss)
               on the translation of foreign operations was recognised in other comprehensive income. Gains of $2.5 million (2021: $5.7 million loss)
               relating to cash flow hedges were transferred from equity to operating profit, whilst gains of $4.6 million were transferred from equity to
               non-financial assets (2021: nil).




               114                                                                                                        ORORA LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                    Notes to the
                    financial statements
                    FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2022




                    5.1.3. Commodity price risk
                    The Group is exposed to commodity price risk arising from the purchase of aluminium and the price of electricity.




For personal use only
                    Energy prices
                    To manage the risk associated with the variability of wholesale electricity prices in Australia the Group utilises Power Purchase
                    Arrangements (PPAs). These contracts are entered into in order to economically hedge exposure to fluctuations in electricity prices by
                    purchasing electricity at predetermined prices.
                    These derivative instruments meet the requirements for hedge accounting. Settlement of the contracts require exchange of cash for the
                    difference between the contracted and spot market price. The contracts are measured at fair value and the resultant gains or losses that
                    effectively hedge designated risk exposures are deferred within the cash flow hedge reserve.
                    At 30 June 2022 the net carrying value, and fair value, of the instruments used to hedge commodity price risk in respect of electricity
                    prices is a net liability of $0.5 million (2021: $0.9 million net liability).

                    Aluminium purchases
                    Commodity derivatives used for hedging
                    The below carrying values represent the fair value of instruments used to hedge commodity price risk together with the associated
                    nominal volume as at 30 June 2022 (2021: nil):

                                                                                                                  Notional    Average          $ million
                                                                                                                      Item      Price        Asset      Liability

                        2022
                        Fair value hedges
                          Commodity LME price (USD / mt)                                                           USD6.9     2,778.2             -           (0.6)
                        Total derivatives in an asset/(liability) position                                                                        -           (0.6)

                    In managing commodity price risk associated with aluminium purchases the Group is able to pass on the price risk contractually to
                    customers through rise and fall adjustments. In the case of aluminium some hedging is undertaken using fixed price swaps on behalf of
                    certain customers. Hedging undertaken is upon customer instruction and all related benefits and costs are passed through to the
                    customer on maturity of the transaction.
                    The movements in commodity hedges are recognised in equity and the cumulative amount of the hedge is recognised in the income
                    statement when the forecast transaction is realised. There is no impact on profit as a result of movements in commodity prices where
                    hedges have been put in place as the Group passes the price risk contractually through to customers. As the Group ultimately passes on
                    the movement risk associated with commodity prices to customers, no sensitivity has been performed.

                    5.1.4. Employee Share Plan risk
                    The Group is exposed to movements in the value of ordinary shares of the Company in respect of the obligations under the Group’s
                    Employee Share Plans (refer note 7.1). To mitigate this risk the Group has established the Orora Employee Share Trust (the Trust) to
                    manage and administer the Group’s responsibilities under the Employee Share Plans through the acquiring, holding and transferring of
                    shares, or rights to shares, in the Company to participating employees.
                    As at 30 June 2022, the Trust holds 3,485,020 treasury shares in the Company (2021: 306,567) of which 461,347 are allocated shares in
                    respect of the Restricted Share Unit (RSU) grants (2021: 80,000). Refer to note 6.2 for further details.




                    ORORA LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022                                                                                                       115
               Notes to the
               financial statements
               FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2022




               Section 5: Financial risk management (continued)
               5.2. Credit risk




For personal use only
               Credit risk is the risk of financial loss to the Group if a customer or counterparty to a financial instrument fails to meet its contractual
               obligations. It arises principally from the Group’s receivables from customers, cash and cash equivalents and in-the-money derivatives.
               There is also credit risk relating to the Group’s own credit rating as this impacts the availability and cost of future finance.
               The Group manages credit risk through the maintenance of procedures such as the utilisation of systems of approval, granting and
               renewal of credit limits, regular monitoring of exposures against such credit limits and assessing the overall financial stability and
               competitive strength of the counterparty on an ongoing basis.

               Trade and other receivables
               Credit risk exposures related to trade and other receivables are discussed in note 3.1.

               Cash and cash equivalents and derivatives
               Credit risk related to balances with banks and financial institutions is managed by Orora Group Treasury in accordance with the Group’s
               Treasury Risk Management Policy. The policy only allows financial derivative instruments to be entered into with high credit quality
               financial institutions with a minimum long-term credit rating of BBB+ or better by Standard & Poor’s. In addition, the Board has approved
               the use of these financial institutions, and specific internal guidelines have been established with regards to limits, dealing and
               settlement procedures.
               The maximum exposure to credit risk by class of recognised financial assets at the end of the reporting period, excluding the value of any
               security held, is equivalent to the carrying amount and classification of the financial assets (net of any provisions) as presented in the
               statement of financial position.

               Guarantees
               The Group’s policy is to provide financial guarantees only to certain parties securing the liabilities of subsidiaries. These are only provided
               in exceptional circumstances (refer note 7.3).

               5.3. Liquidity and funding risk
               Liquidity risk is the risk that the Group will not be able to meet its financial obligations as they fall due. The Group’s financing policy is to
               fund itself for the long term by using debt instruments with a range of maturities and to ensure access to appropriate short-term
               facilities. Orora Group Treasury aims to maintain flexibility within the funding structure through the use of bank overdrafts and bank
               loans.
               Management manages liquidity risk through maintaining minimum undrawn committed liquidity of at least $150.0 million that can be
               drawn upon at short notice and regularly monitoring rolling forecasts of cash inflows and outflows in relation to the Group’s activities.
               This monitoring includes financial ratios to assess possible future credit ratings and headroom and takes into account the accessibility of
               cash and cash equivalents.

               Financing arrangements

                  In addition to a range of short-term uncommitted credit lines, as at 30 June 2022 the Group had access to the following committed facilities:
                  •     $350.0 million through a revolving multicurrency facility, provided by a syndicate of domestic and international financial institutions
                        maturing in November 2024.
                  •     USD243.0 million via a US Private Placement of notes of which USD100.0 million matures in July 2023 and USD143.0 million matures in
                        July 2025.
                  •     USD150.0 million through a USD revolving facility, provided by a syndicate of domestic and international financial institutions, maturing
                        in April 2024.
                  •     $35.0 million and $100.0 million through bilateral agreements which mature in April 2023 and July 2027 respectively.

                  These facilities are unsecured.




               116                                                                                                              ORORA LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                    Notes to the
                    financial statements
                    FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2022




                    The committed and uncommitted standby arrangements and unused facilities of the Group are set out below:




For personal use only
                                                                              2022                                           2021
                        $ million                           Committed      Uncommitted        Total        Committed      Uncommitted   Total

                        Financing facilities available:
                        Bank overdrafts                               -              6.2           6.2                -           6.3        6.3
                        US Private placement                      352.1                -         352.1            324.1             -      324.1
                        Loan facilities and term debt             702.4             73.0         775.4            585.1         127.7      712.8
                                                                 1,054.5            79.2        1,133.7          909.2          134.0    1,043.2

                        Facilities utilised:
                        Bank overdrafts                               -                -             -                -             -          -
                        US Private placement                      352.1                -         352.1            324.1             -      324.1
                        Loan facilities and term debt             330.0                -         330.0            180.0             -      180.0
                                                                   682.1               -         682.1            504.1             -      504.1

                        Facilities not utilised:
                        Bank overdrafts                               -              6.2           6.2                -           6.3        6.3
                        US Private placement                          -                -             -                -             -          -
                        Loan facilities and term debt             372.4             73.0         445.4            405.1         127.7      532.8
                                                                  372.4             79.2         451.6            405.1         134.0      539.1




                    ORORA LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022                                                                                            117
               Notes to the
               financial statements
               FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2022




               Section 5: Financial risk management (continued)
               5.3. Liquidity and funding risk (continued)




For personal use only
               Maturity of financial liabilities
               The table below allocates the Group’s financial liabilities, including derivatives, into relevant maturity groupings based on the period
               remaining until the contractual maturity date. The amounts disclosed in the table are the contractual undiscounted cash flows (including
               interest), so will not always reconcile with the amounts disclosed in the statement of financial position:

                                                                                                                            Total         Carrying amount
                                                                          1 year                            More than contractual                (assets)/
                $ million                                                or less    1-2 years   2-5 years     5 years cash flows                 liabilities

                2022
                Non-derivative financial instruments
                Trade and other payables                                  931.2          0.5        1.4           3.1          936.2                 936.2
                Lease liabilities                                          55.9         48.6      106.2          28.8          239.5                 224.5
                Borrowings                                                 56.0        160.7      467.5          50.0          734.2                 681.6
                Total non-derivatives                                   1,043.1       209.8        575.1          81.9        1,909.9              1,842.3

                Derivatives
                Net settled (interest rate swaps and commodity
                                                                            (1.1)          -           -             -            (1.1)                (1.1)
                contracts)
                Gross settled forward exchange contracts
                   Inflow                                                 344.9         26.6           -             -          371.5
                   Outflow                                               (329.9)       (25.5)          -             -         (355.4)
                Total gross settled forward exchange contracts             15.0          1.1           -             -           16.1                  16.1
                Total derivatives                                          13.9          1.1           -             -           15.0                 15.0

                2021
                Non-derivative financial instruments
                Trade and other payables                                  650.8          0.3        1.5             -          652.6                 652.6
                Lease liabilities                                          57.0         53.8      128.9          49.4          289.1                 252.8
                Borrowings                                                 14.8         14.5      522.2           0.3          551.8                 503.5
                Total non-derivatives                                     722.6         68.6      652.6          49.7         1,493.5              1,408.9

                Derivatives
                Net settled (interest rate swaps and commodity
                                                                           (0.8)        (0.1)          -             -           (0.9)                (0.9)
                contracts)
                Gross settled forward exchange contracts
                   Inflow                                                 195.4         16.0           -             -          211.4
                   Outflow                                               (192.7)       (15.8)          -             -         (208.5)
                Total gross settled forward exchange contracts              2.7          0.2           -             -            2.9                  2.9
                Total derivatives                                           1.9          0.1           -             -            2.0                  2.0




               118                                                                                                       ORORA LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                    Notes to the
                    financial statements
                    FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2022




                    5.4. Hedging instruments
                        Hedging activities and the use of derivatives




For personal use only
                        What is a derivative?
                        A derivative is a type of financial instrument typically used to manage risk. A derivative’s value changes over time in response to underlying
                        variables, such as exchange rates or interest rates, and is entered into for a fixed period of time. A hedge is where a derivative is used to
                        manage exposure in an underlying variable.
                        The Group is exposed to certain market risks which include foreign exchange risk, interest rate risk and commodity price risk. In accordance
                        with Board approved policies the Group manages these risks by using derivative financial instruments to hedge the underlying exposures.
                        Why do we need them?
                        The key market risks facing the Group:
                        •   Foreign currency transaction risk is the risk that currency fluctuations will have a negative effect on the value of the Group's future cash
                            flows due to changes in foreign currency between the date a commercial transaction is entered into and the date at which the
                            transaction is settled.
                        •   Interest rate risk arises from fluctuations in variable market interest rates impacting the fair value or future cash flows on long-term
                            borrowings.
                        •   Commodity price risk arises from significant changes in the price of energy and key raw material inputs, in particular the purchase of
                            aluminium.

                        How do we use them?
                        The Group employs the following derivative financial instruments when managing its foreign currency, interest rate and commodity price
                        risk:
                        •   Forward exchange contracts and options are derivative instruments used to hedge transaction risk. They enable the sale or purchase of
                            foreign currency at a known fixed rate on an agreed future date. The Group holds forward exchange contracts and options denominated
                            in US Dollars, Euros, British Pounds and NZ Dollars to hedge highly probable forecast sale and purchase transactions (cash flow hedges);
                        •   Interest rate swaps are derivative instruments used to manage interest rate risk. They enable the exchange of a fixed rate of interest for
                            a floating rate, or vice versa, or one type of floating rate for another. These derivatives are entered into to manage the Group’s exposure
                            to fixed and floating interest rates arising from borrowings. These hedges may incorporate cash flow hedges, which fix future interest
                            payments, and fair value hedges, which reduce the Group’s exposure to changes in the value of its assets and liabilities arising from
                            interest rate movements.
                        •   Power Purchase Arrangements are derivative instruments that are used to hedge transaction risk associated with the variability of
                            wholesale electricity prices in Australia. These forward commodity contracts exchange a variable wholesale price of electricity for a
                            fixed electricity price.

                        In respect of managing commodity price risk associated with aluminium purchases the Group uses forward commodity contracts. Forward
                        commodity contracts are derivative instruments used to hedge price risk, so they enable the purchase of aluminium raw materials at a
                        known fixed rate on an agreed future date. On behalf of customers, aluminium hedging is undertaken using fixed price swaps. Where
                        contracted, the Group passes on the price risk of commodities contractually through to customers, including any benefits and costs relating
                        to swaps upon their maturity (fair value hedge).
                        All derivative financial instruments utilised by the Group are hedges of highly probable forecast transactions with a hedge ratio of 1:1,
                        therefore the change in the hedging instrument is equal to the change in the value of the underlying hedged item.
                        Derivative financial instruments are only undertaken if they relate to underlying exposures, the Group does not use derivatives to speculate.
                        Analysis of the derivatives used by the Group to hedge its exposure and the various methods used to calculate their respective fair values
                        are detailed in this section.



                    Accounting policies
                    Derivative financial instruments are recognised initially at fair value on the date the instrument is entered into and are subsequently
                    remeasured at fair value or ‘marked to market’ at each reporting date. The gain or loss on remeasurement is recognised immediately in
                    the income statement unless the derivative is designated as a cash flow hedging instrument in which case the remeasurement is
                    recognised in equity.

                    Hedge accounting
                    At the inception of the hedge relationship, the Group formally designates the relationship between hedging instruments and hedged
                    items, as well as its risk management objective for undertaking various hedge transactions. The Group also documents its assessment,
                    both at hedge inception and on an ongoing basis, as to whether the derivatives that are used in hedging transactions have been and will
                    continue to be highly effective in offsetting changes in fair values or cash flows of hedged items. Where option contracts are used to
                    hedge forecast transactions, only the intrinsic value of the option contract is designated as the hedging instrument.




                    ORORA LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022                                                                                                                  119
               Notes to the
               financial statements
               FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2022




               Section 5: Financial risk management (continued)
               5.4. Hedging instruments (continued)




For personal use only
               Rebalancing
               If the hedging ratio for risk management purposes is no longer optimal but the risk management objective remains unchanged and the
               hedge continues to qualify for hedge accounting, the hedge relationship will be rebalanced by adjusting either the volume of the hedging
               instrument or the volume of the hedged item so that the hedge ratio aligns with the ratio used for risk management purposes. Any hedge
               ineffectiveness is calculated and accounted for in profit or loss at the time of the hedge relationship rebalancing.
               For the purposes of hedge accounting, hedges are classified as fair value hedges, cash flow hedges or net investment hedges and are
               accounted for as set out in the table below.
                                 Fair value hedge                        Cash flow hedge                                 Net investment hedge

               What is it?       A derivative or financial instrument A derivative or financial instrument hedging       Financial instruments hedging changes
                                 designated as hedging the change the exposure to variability in cash flow               in foreign currency when the net assets
                                 in fair value of a recognised asset or attributable to a particular risk associated     of a foreign operation are translated from
                                 liability or firm commitment.          with an asset, liability or forecasted           their functional currency into Australian
                                                                        transaction.                                     dollars.
               Movement in       Changes in the fair value of the       The effective part of any gain or loss on the      On consolidation, foreign currency
               fair value        derivative are recognised in the       derivative financial instrument is recognised in differences arising on the translation of
                                 income statement, together with        other comprehensive income and                     financial assets and liabilities
                                 the changes in fair value of the       accumulated in equity in the hedging reserve. designated as net investment hedges of
                                 hedged asset or liability attributable The change in the fair value that is identified    a foreign operation are recognised in
                                 to the hedged risk.                    as ineffective is recognised immediately in the other comprehensive income and
                                                                        income statement within ‘other income’ or          accumulated in the foreign exchange
                                                                        ‘general and administration expenses.              reserve, to the extent that the hedge is
                                                                        Amounts accumulated in equity are                  effective. Any ineffective portion is
                                                                        transferred to the income statement in the         recognised in the income statement.
                                                                        periods when the hedged item affects profit or
                                                                        loss (for instance, when the forecast sale that
                                                                        is hedged takes place). However, when the
                                                                        forecast transaction that is hedged results in
                                                                        the recognition of a non-financial asset (for
                                                                        example, inventory), the gains and losses
                                                                        previously deferred in equity are transferred
                                                                        from equity and included in the measurement
                                                                        of the initial cost or carrying amount of the
                                                                        asset.
                                                                        Where options are used, changes in the fair
                                                                        value of the option are recognised in other
                                                                        comprehensive income depending on whether
                                                                        it is designated as the hedging instrument in
                                                                        its entirety, or its intrinsic value only. If only
                                                                        the intrinsic value is designated, the option’s
                                                                        time value that matches the terms of the
                                                                        hedged item is be recognised in equity and
                                                                        released to profit or loss over the term of the
                                                                        hedged item.
               Discontinuation   If the hedge no longer meets the        When a hedging instrument expires or is sold, Upon disposal of the foreign operation,
               of hedge          criteria for hedge accounting, the      terminated or exercised, or when a hedge no     which is subject to the net investment
               accounting        adjustment to the carrying amount       longer meets the criteria for hedge             hedge, the cumulative amount that has
                                 of a hedged item, for which the         accounting, any cumulative gain or loss         been recognised in equity in relation to
                                 effective interest method is used, is   existing in equity at that time remains in      the hedged net investment is transferred
                                 amortised to the income statement       equity and is recognised when the forecast      to the income statement and recognised
                                 over the period to maturity using a     transaction is ultimately recognised in the     as part of the gain or loss on disposal.
                                 recalculated effective interest rate.   income statement. When a forecast
                                                                         transaction is no longer expected to occur, the
                                                                         cumulative gain or loss that was reported in
                                                                         equity is immediately transferred to the
                                                                         income statement.




               120                                                                                                             ORORA LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                    Notes to the
                    financial statements
                    FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2022




                    Fair value measurement
                    The following table sets out the fair value of derivative financial instruments utilised by the Group, analysed by type of contract. There




For personal use only
                    were no transfers between level 1 and 2 for recurring fair value measurements during the year. The Group does not hold any material level
                    1 or 3 financial instruments.

                                                                                                                              Level 2 Fair Value Hierarchy
                                                                                                                            2022                        2021
                        $ million                                                                        Note         Asset      Liability        Asset      Liability

                        Cash flow hedges
                        Interest rate swap contracts                                                     5.1.1                -               -              -               -
                        Foreign exchange derivative contracts                                            5.1.2              7.8           (0.6)            3.9           (1.0)
                        Electricity and commodity derivatives                                            5.1.3              0.2           (1.3)            0.8           (1.7)

                        Fair value hedge
                        Foreign exchange derivative contracts                                            5.1.2              8.9               -               -                 -
                        Total derivatives in an asset/(liability) position                                                 16.9           (1.9)            4.7           (2.7)
                        Current asset/(liability)                                                                          15.8           (1.9)            4.2           (2.3)
                        Non-current asset/(liability)                                                                        1.1              -            0.5           (0.4)




                            Judgements and estimates
                            The Orora Group Treasury team performs the financial instrument valuations and reports directly to the Chief Financial Officer (CFO) and the
                            Audit, Risk & Compliance Committee. Discussions of valuation processes and results are held with the CFO and Orora Group Treasury at
                            least once every six months, in line with the Group’s half-yearly reporting requirements. Significant valuation issues are reported to the
                            Audit, Risk & Compliance Committee.
                            When measuring the fair value of an asset or liability, the Group uses market observable data as far as possible. Fair values are categorised
                            into three levels as prescribed under accounting standards, with each of these levels indicating the reliability of the inputs used in
                            determining fair value. The levels in the fair value hierarchy are:
                            Level 1: Financial instruments traded in an active market (such as publicly traded derivatives, and trading and available-for-sale securities).
                            Fair value is from a quoted price, for an identical asset or liability at the end of the reporting period, traded in an active market. The quoted
                            market price used for assets is the last bid price.
                            Level 2: Financial instruments that are not traded in an active market (for example over-the-counter derivatives). Fair value is determined
                            using valuation techniques that maximise the use of observable market data and rely as little as possible on entity-specific estimates. All
                            significant inputs used in the valuation method are observable.
                            Level 3: Financial instruments for which no market exists in which the instrument can be traded. Where one or more of the significant inputs
                            in determining fair value for the asset or liability is not based on observable market data (unobservable input), the instrument is included in
                            level 3.
                            Determining fair value
                            The specific valuation techniques used to value derivative financial instruments are as follows:
                            •    the fair value of forward exchange contracts and currency options is determined by using the difference between the contract
                                 exchange rate and the quoted exchange rate at the reporting date;
                            •    the fair value of interest rate swaps is determined by calculating the present value of the estimated future cash flows – i.e. the amounts
                                 that the Group would receive or pay to terminate the swap at the reporting date, based on observable yield curves; and
                            •    the fair value of electricity and aluminium commodity forward contracts is determined by using the difference between the contract
                                 commodity price and the quoted commodity price at the reporting date.




                    ORORA LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022                                                                                                                      121
               Notes to the
               financial statements
               FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2022




               Section 6: Group structure




For personal use only
                  In this section
                  This section provides information on those subsidiaries whose results principally affect the financial results of the Group, including details
                  of the divestments and acquisitions that occurred during the period.
                  Details of the Orora Employee Share Trust are also discussed below.



               6.1. Principal subsidiary undertakings and investments
               The ultimate parent of the Group is Orora Limited, a company incorporated in Australia. The companies listed below are those whose
               results, in addition to the parent Company, principally affect the figures shown within the Annual Report:

                                                                                                                            Country of       Ownership interest
                Controlled entities                                                                                         incorporation      2022      2021

                Orora Packaging Australia Pty Ltd                                                                           Australia           100%      100%
                Orora Packaging New Zealand Ltd                                                                             New Zealand         100%      100%
                Orora Packaging Solutions                                                                                   United States       100%      100%
                Landsberg Orora                                                                                             United States       100%      100%
                Orora Packaging Texas LP                                                                                    United States       100%      100%
                Kent H. Landsberg Co of Illinois LLC                                                                        United States       100%      100%
                Orora Visual TX LLC                                                                                         United States       100%      100%
                Orora Visual LLC                                                                                            United States       100%      100%
                Pollock Investments Incorporated                                                                            United States       100%      100%


               6.2. Orora Employee Share Trust
               The Group holds shares in itself as a result of shares purchased by the Orora Employee Share Trust (the Trust). The Trust was established
               to manage and administer the Company’s responsibilities under the Group’s Employee Share Plans (refer note 7.1) through the acquiring,
               holding and transferring of shares, or rights to shares, in the Company to participating employees. In respect of these transactions, at
               any point in time the Trust may hold ‘allocated’ and ‘unallocated’ shares.
               As at 30 June 2022, the Trust held 3,485,020 treasury shares in the Company (2021: 306,567) of which 461,347 are allocated shares in
               respect of the Restricted Share Unit (RSU) grants (2021: 80,000).

               Allocated shares
               Allocated shares represent those shares that have been purchased and awarded to employees under the RSU Grant (refer note 7.1). In
               the comparative period the allocated shares also included those shares held on trust in respect of vested grants that contain a post-
               vesting holding lock.
               Shares granted to an employee under the RSU Grant, and vested shares that contain a post-vesting holding lock, are restricted in that the
               employee is unable to dispose of the shares for a period of up to five years (or as otherwise determined by the Board). The Trust holds
               these shares on behalf of the employee until the restriction period is lifted at which time the Trust releases the shares to the employee.
               Allocated shares are not identified or accounted for as treasury shares.
               Where the Orora Employee Share Trust purchases equity instruments in the Company, as a result of managing the Company’s
               responsibilities under the Group’s RSU Grant Employee Share Plan award and for those vested shares with a post-vesting holding lock,
               the consideration paid, including any directly attributable costs is deducted from equity, net of any related income tax effects.

               Unallocated shares
               Unallocated shares represent those shares that have been purchased by the Trustee on-market to satisfy the potential future vesting of
               awards granted under the Groups Employee Shares Plans, other than the RSU Grant. As the shares are unallocated they are identified and
               accounted for as Treasury Shares refer note 2.4.1.

               Accounting policies
               Transactions with the Group-sponsored Trust are included in these financial statements. In particular, the Trust’s purchases of shares in
               Orora Limited are debited directly to equity. The shares are held in the Trust until such time as they may be transferred to participants of
               the various Group share schemes.
               In accordance with the Trust Deed, the Trustees have the power to exercise all voting rights in relation to any investment (including
               shares) held within the Trust.




               122                                                                                                             ORORA LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                    Notes to the
                    financial statements
                    FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2022




                    Section 7: Other notes to the financial statements




For personal use only
                          In this section
                          This section includes additional financial information that is required by the accounting standards and the Corporations Act 2001, including
                          details about the Group’s employee reward and recognition programs.


                    7.1. Share-based compensation
                          The Group provides benefits to employees (including senior executives) of the Group in the form of share-based incentives. The Orora
                          employee incentive plans have been established to ensure employees are motivated and incentivised to develop and successfully execute
                          against both short and long-term strategies that grow the business and generate shareholder returns. The plans provide an appropriate level
                          and mix of short and long-term incentives to appropriately recognise and reward employees creating a high-performance culture and Orora’s
                          ability to attract and retain talent. Orora’s remuneration strategy is competitive in the relevant markets to support the attraction and
                          retention of talent.
                          The following information provides details of Orora’s employee incentive plans. During the period the Group recognised a share-based
                          payment expense of $5.7 million (2021: $0.9 million). Employee expenses and employee provisions are shown in note 1.5 and 3.9
                          respectively.
                          This note should be read in conjunction with the Remuneration Report, as set out in the Directors’ Report, which contains detailed
                          information regarding the setting of remuneration for Key Management Personnel.



                    The following table details the total movement in the RSU Grant, Share Options, Performance Rights or Performance Shares issued by the
                    Group:

                                                                                                        Long-Term Incentive Plans                        Short-Term Incentive Plan
                                                                                                                     Performance Rights and
                                                                                                                                                                                (1)
                                                                       RSU Grant                  Share Options       Performance Shares                      Deferred Equity
                                                                                        (2)                      (2)                      (2)                                           (2)
                                                                           No.         $              No.       $            No.         $                         No.                $

                        2022
                        Outstanding at beginning of period             80,000       3.22        4,635,817        0.55       4,793,172           2.00         610,707              2.31
                        Granted during the period                    463,075        3.57                 -          -       1,688,568           2.05       1,006,900              3.13
                        Exercised during the period                  (65,000)       3.26                 -          -        (162,000)          2.98        (194,817)             2.65
                        Forfeited during the period                   (16,728)      3.62       (3,183,125)       0.63      (1,294,840)          2.20          (47,610)            2.57
                        Outstanding at end of period                 461,347        3.55        1,452,692        0.39      5,024,900            1.93       1,375,180              2.85
                        Exercisable at end of period                         -             -     226,567         0.43                 -             -                 -                   -


                        2021
                        Outstanding at beginning of period           168,000        3.23        9,438,208        0.54       4,890,338           2.14         581,689              2.94
                        Granted during the period                           -          -                 -          -       2,199,647           1.68         441,007              2.14
                        Exercised during the period                  (88,000)       3.23         (470,061)       0.44          (5,000)          1.69        (376,970)             3.03
                        Forfeited during the period                         -          -       (4,332,330)       0.54      (2,291,813)          1.99          (35,019)            2.94
                        Outstanding at end of period                  80,000        3.22       4,635,817         0.55       4,793,172           2.00         610,707              2.31
                        Exercisable at end of period                         -             -     487,128         0.43                 -             -                 -                   -

                    (1) The equity outcomes for the 2022 financial year short-term incentive will be determined and allocated in September 2022 and are therefore not included in the
                        above table.
                    (2) The above weighted average fair value is determined in accordance with AASB 2 Share-based Payment in respect of recognising the share-based payment
                        expense of the award granted.




                    ORORA LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022                                                                                                                              123
               Notes to the
               financial statements
               FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2022




               Section 7: Other notes to the financial statements (continued)
               7.1. Share-based compensation (continued)




For personal use only
               The exercise price of the RSU Grant, Performance Rights and Performance Shares and Deferred Equity Awards are nil. The exercise price
               of Share Options outstanding at the end of the year are set out below:

                                                                                                                                         Number
                Grant date             Vesting Date           Expiry date          Exercise price                                      2022           2021

                30 Oct 2015            30 Sept 2019           30 Sept 2024         2.08                                             226,567         226,567
                20 Oct 2017            30 Aug 2021            30 Aug 2026          2.86                                                   -       3,183,125
                22 Oct 2018            31 Aug 2022            31 Aug 2027          3.58                                           1,226,125       1,226,125
                Share options outstanding at end of period                                                                        1,452,692       4,635,817
                Weighted average contractual life of options outstanding at end of period                                          4.7 years      5.3 years



               Accounting policies
               The cost of the share-based compensation provided to employees is measured using the fair value at the date at which the option or
               right is granted and is recognised as an employee benefit expense in the income statement with a corresponding increase in the share-
               based payment reserve in equity. The expense is spread over the vesting period during which the employees become unconditionally
               entitled to the option or right granted. Upon exercise of the option or right, the balance of the share-based payment reserve, relating to
               the option or right, is transferred to share capital.
               At each reporting period the Group revises the estimate of the number of options that are expected to vest based on the non-market
               vesting conditions. Any impact to the revision of an original estimate is recognised in the income statement with a corresponding
               adjustment to the share-based payment reserve. The employee expense, recognised each period, reflects the most recent estimate. The
               fair value of options is measured at grant date taking into account market performance conditions, but excludes the impact of any non-
               market conditions (e.g. profitability and earnings growth targets). Non-market vesting conditions are included in the assumptions about
               the number of options that are expected to be exercisable.
               The fair value of each option granted is measured on the date of grant using the Black Scholes option pricing model that takes into
               account the exercise price, the vesting and performance criteria, and where applicable the market condition criteria, term of the option,
               impact of dilution, the non-tradeable nature of the option, the share price at grant date and expected price volatility of the underlying
               share, the expected dividend yield and the risk free interest rate for the term of the option.
               The fair value of rights is measured at grant date using a Monte-Carlo valuation model which simulates the date of vesting, the
               percentage vesting, the share price and total shareholder return. Once the simulated date of vesting is determined a Black-Scholes
               methodology is utilised to determine the fair value of the rights granted.
               The following weighted average assumptions were used in determining the fair value of options and rights granted during the period:

                                                                                                                                         2022        2021

                Expected dividend yield (%)                                                                                              4.70        4.30
                Expected price volatility of the Company's shares (%)                                                                   31.00       29.19
                Share price at grant date ($)                                                                                            3.16        2.56
                Risk-free interest rate - rights (%)                                                                                     0.31        0.13
                Expected life of rights (years)                                                                                          4.00        3.67

               No options were granted during the current period (2021: nil).
               The dividend yield reflects the assumption that the current dividend payout will continue with no anticipated changes. The expected price
               volatility, of the Company’s shares, reflects the assumption that the historical volatility is indicative of future trends, which may not
               necessarily be the actual outcome.




               124                                                                                                       ORORA LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                    Notes to the
                    financial statements
                    FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2022




                    A description of the equity plans in place during the year ended 30 June 2022 is described below:




For personal use only
                                 Retention/Share Payment plan                         Long-term incentives                        Short-term incentive
                                                                                                 Performance Rights and
                                 RSU Grant                        Share Options                  Performance Shares               Deferred Equity

                    Overview     The Board endorses certain       Under the long-term incentive plan, share options or            Provides an additional short-
                                 employees as eligible to         performance rights over ordinary shares in the Company, or      term incentive opportunity to
                                 receive ordinary shares in       performance shares, may be issued to employees. The exact       selected employees, in the form
                                 part satisfaction of their       terms and conditions of each award are determined by the        of rights to ordinary shares. The
                                 remuneration for the relevant    Directors of the Company at the time of grant.                  number of rights that are
                                 financial year. The number of    The Group has ceased offering share options under the long-     allocated to each eligible
                                 shares issued is at the          term incentive plan. The last share option grant was issued     employee is based on:
                                 discretion of the Board.         in FY19, with a performance period end date of 30 June 2022.    • 33.3% of the value of the
                                 The restrictions on these        Give the employee the right    Give the employee the right           cash bonus payable under
                                 shares do not allow the          to acquire a share at a future to receive a share at a future        the Short-Term Incentive
                                 employee to dispose of the       point in time upon meeting     point in time upon meeting            Plan, following the end of
                                 shares within the                specified vesting conditions, specified vesting conditions,          the performance period;
                                 vesting/restriction period.      described below, and require as described below, no             • the volume weighted
                                 The shares subject to the        payment of an exercise price. exercise price is payable.             average price of Orora
                                 RSU Grant carry full dividend    The share options are granted The rights are granted at no           Limited ordinary shares for
                                 entitlements and voting          at no consideration and carry consideration and carry no             the five trading days up to
                                 rights.                          no dividend entitlement or     dividend entitlement or voting        and including 30 June,
                                                                  voting rights until they vest  rights until they vest and            being the end of the
                                                                  and are exercised to ordinary convert to ordinary shares on          performance period; and
                                                                  shares on a one-for-one        a one-for-one basis.             • where cash bonuses are
                                                                  basis.                                                               determined in currencies
                                                                                                                                       other than Australian
                                                                                                                                       dollars, the average foreign
                                                                                                                                       exchange rate for the same
                                                                                                                                       five-day period.
                    Vesting      Subject to alignment of          Subject to meeting an          For grants issued FY20           Remain in employment of the
                    conditions   performance with Orora’s         Earnings per Share (EPS)       onwards, 50% are subject to      Group at vesting date.
                                 Values as assessed by the        hurdle, the satisfaction of a  meeting a relative Total
                                 Board and the employee           Return on Average Funds        Shareholder Return (TSR) and
                                 remaining in employment of       Employed (RoAFE) gateway       the satisfaction of an
                                 the Group at the vesting date.   test, and the employee         absolute TSR gateway test,
                                                                  remaining in employment of and 50% are subject to
                                                                  the Group at the vesting date. meeting an EPS hurdle and
                                                                                                 the satisfaction of a RoAFE
                                                                                                 gateway test.
                                                                                                 For grants issued prior to
                                                                                                 FY20, two-thirds are subject
                                                                                                 to meeting a relative Total
                                                                                                 Shareholder Return test, the
                                                                                                 remaining one-third is subject
                                                                                                 to meeting an EPS hurdle and
                                                                                                 the satisfaction of a RoAFE
                                                                                                 gateway test.
                                                                                                 Vesting of the rights is
                                                                                                 subject to the employee
                                                                                                 remaining in employment of
                                                                                                 the Group at vesting date.
                    Vesting      Up to 5 years                    4 years                        4 years                          2 years
                    period
                    Vested       Restriction lifted upon          Vested share options will    Shares are issued upon             Shares issued upon vesting.
                    awards       vesting.                         remain exercisable until the vesting.
                                                                  expiry date. On expiry, any
                                                                  vested but unexercised share
                                                                  options will lapse.
                    Unvested     Unvested awards are forfeited if the employee voluntarily ceases employment or is dismissed for cause or poor performance.
                    awards




                    ORORA LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022                                                                                                            125
               Notes to the
               financial statements
               FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2022




               Section 7: Other notes to the financial statements (continued)
               7.2. Auditors’ remuneration




For personal use only
                $ thousand                                                                                                                                            2022           2021

                Auditors of the Company PwC Australia
                Audit and other assurance services
                  Audit and review of financial reports                                                                                                               992.1         848.2
                Other services
                  Taxation services and other advice                                                                                                                 254.5          154.8
                                                                                          (1)
                      Australasian Fibre business divestment advisory services                                                                                              -       178.0
                Total PwC Australia                                                                                                                                 1,246.6       1,181.0

                Network firms of PwC Australia
                Audit and other assurance services
                  Audit and review of financial reports                                                                                                                14.0           15.0
                Other services
                  Taxation services and other advice                                                                                                                   52.3          46.3
                Total Network firms of PwC Australia                                                                                                                   66.3           61.3
                Total Auditors remuneration                                                                                                                         1,312.9       1,242.3

               (1)    Taxation and other related services provided in respect of the sale of the Australasian Fibre business. Further details regarding the sale of the Australasian Fibre
                      business can be found in the 2021 and 2020 Annual Reports.

               7.3. Commitments and contingent liabilities
               7.3.1. Capital expenditure commitments
               At 30 June 2022, the Group has capital commitments contracted but not provided for in respect of the acquisition of property, plant and
               equipment of $61.8 million (2021: $20.7 million).

               7.3.2. Other expenditure commitments
               At 30 June 2022, the Group had other expenditure commitments of $51.7 million (2021: $37.1 million) in respect of other supplies and
               services yet to be provided.

               7.3.3. Contingent liabilities

                     A contingent liability is a liability that is not sufficiently certain to qualify for recognition as a provision where uncertainty may exist
                     regarding the outcome of future events.


               Guarantees
               The Group has issued a number of bank guarantees to third parties for various operational and legal purposes. In addition, Orora Limited
               has guaranteed senior notes issued by Landsberg Orora in the US private placement market, the notes have maturities between 2023
               and 2025 (see note 2.3). It is not expected that these guarantees will be called on.

               Other
               Certain entities in the Group are party to various legal actions and exposures that have arisen in the ordinary course of business. The
               actions are being defended and the Directors are of the opinion that provisions are not required as no material losses are expected to
               arise.


                        Judgements and estimates
                        Legal proceedings
                        The outcome of currently pending and future legal, judicial, regulatory and other proceedings of a litigious nature cannot be predicted with
                        certainty. Legal proceedings can raise difficult and complex issues and are subject to many uncertainties and complexities including, but
                        not limited to, the facts and circumstances of each particular case, issues regarding the jurisdiction in which each proceeding is brought
                        and differences in applicable law.
                        An adverse decision in a legal proceeding could result in additional costs that are not covered, either wholly or partially, under insurance
                        policies, which could significantly impact the business and the results of operations of the Group.
                        Each legal proceeding is evaluated on a case-by-case basis considering all available information, including that from legal counsel, to assess
                        potential outcomes. Where it is considered probable that a future obligation will result in an outflow of resources, a provision is recognised
                        in the amount of the present value of the expected cash outflows, if these are deemed to be reliably measurable.




               126                                                                                                                                ORORA LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                    Notes to the
                    financial statements
                    FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2022




                    7.4. Orora Limited
                    Orora Limited financial information




For personal use only
                    The financial information for the parent entity Orora Limited has been prepared on the same basis as the consolidated financial
                    statements, except as set out below.

                    Investments in subsidiaries
                    In the Company’s financial statements, investments in subsidiaries are carried at cost less, where applicable, accumulated impairment
                    losses.

                    Nature of tax sharing agreement
                    Upon tax consolidation, the entities within the tax-consolidated group entered into a tax sharing agreement. The terms of this agreement
                    specify the methods of allocating any tax liability in the event of default by the Company on its group payment obligations and the
                    treatment where a subsidiary member exits the group. The tax liability otherwise remains with the Company for tax purposes.
                    Orora Limited and its wholly-owned Australian resident entities have formed a tax-consolidated group and are therefore taxed as a single
                    entity. The head entity within the tax-consolidated group is Orora Limited.
                    The Company, and the members of the tax-consolidated group, recognise their own current tax expense/income and deferred tax assets
                    and liabilities arising from temporary differences using the ‘stand-alone taxpayer’ approach by reference to the carrying amounts of
                    assets and liabilities in the separate financial statements of each entity and the tax values applying under tax consolidation.
                    In addition to its current and deferred tax balances, the Company also recognises the current tax liabilities (or assets), and the deferred
                    tax assets arising from unused tax losses and unused tax credits assumed from members of the tax-consolidated group, as part of the
                    tax-consolidation arrangement. Assets or liabilities arising as part of the tax consolidation arrangement are recognised as current
                    amounts receivable or payable from the other entities within the tax-consolidated group.

                    Summarised income statement and comprehensive income
                                                                                                                                                                         Orora Limited
                        $ million                                                                                                                                    2022        2021

                        Continuing Operations
                        Profit before related income tax expense                                                                                                     199.9          209.9
                        Income tax expense                                                                                                                           (29.2)         (24.9)
                        Profit for the financial period from continuing operations                                                                                   170.7          185.0

                        Discontinued Operations
                                                                             (1)
                        Profit from discontinued operations, net of tax                                                                                                (2.4)           6.1
                        Profit for the financial period                                                                                                              168.3          191.1

                        Comprehensive income for the financial period
                        Continuing operations                                                                                                                        172.7          190.5
                        Discontinuing operations                                                                                                                      (2.4)           6.1
                        Total comprehensive income                                                                                                                   170.3          196.6

                    (1)    On 30 April 2020, the Group completed the sale of its Australasian Fibre business. On 29 September 2020, the Group finalised the post-close completion
                           accounts process. Accordingly, the financial results of this business are presented separately as a discontinued operation in both the current and comparative
                           period. Further details regarding the sale of the Australasian Fibre business can be found in the 2021 and 2020 Annual Reports.




                    ORORA LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022                                                                                                                                   127
               Notes to the
               financial statements
               FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2022




               Section 7: Other notes to the financial statements (continued)
               7.4. Orora Limited (continued)




For personal use only
               Summarised balance sheet
                                                                                                                                           Orora Limited
                $ million                                                                                                              2022        2021

                Total current assets                                                                                                   536.2        338.4
                Total non-current assets                                                                                             1,284.7      1,190.9
                Total assets                                                                                                         1,820.9     1,529.3

                Total current liabilities                                                                                             752.6        524.1
                Total non-current liabilities                                                                                         368.9        225.2
                Total liabilities                                                                                                    1,121.5       749.3

                Net assets                                                                                                            699.4        780.0

                Equity
                Contributed equity and treasury shares                                                                                 (37.3)       80.8
                Reserves:
                  Share-based payment reserve                                                                                          10.7          8.7
                  Cash flow hedge reserve                                                                                               3.8          1.8
                  Retained profits                                                                                                    722.2        688.7
                Total equity                                                                                                          699.4        780.0



               Contingent liabilities of Orora Limited
               Deed of Cross Guarantee
               Pursuant to the terms of the ASIC Corporations (Wholly-Owned Companies) Instrument 2016/785, which relieves certain wholly-owned
               subsidiaries from specific accounting and financial reporting requirements, Orora Limited and all of the Company’s Australian wholly-
               owned subsidiaries entered into an approved deed for the cross guarantee of liabilities. No liabilities subject to the Deed of Cross
               Guarantee at 30 June 2022 are expected to arise to Orora Limited and subsidiaries, as all such subsidiaries were financially sound and
               solvent at that date.
               Details of the deed and the consolidated financial position of the Company and the subsidiaries party to the Deed are set out in note 7.5.

               Other guarantees
               Orora Limited has guaranteed senior notes issued by Landsberg Orora in the US private placement market, the notes have maturities
               between 2023 and 2025 (see note 2.3). It is not expected that these guarantees will be called on.

               7.5. Deed of Cross Guarantee
               The Company, Orora Limited, and the subsidiaries listed below are subject to a Deed of Cross Guarantee (Deed) under which each
               company guarantees the debts of the others:
               •    Orora Packaging Australia Pty Ltd        •   Chapview Pty Ltd                           •   Orora Closure Systems Pty Ltd
               •    Pak Pacific Corporation Pty Ltd          •   AGAL Holdings Pty Ltd                      •   Envirocrates Pty Ltd
               •    Fibre Containers (Queensland) Pty Ltd    •   Rota Die Pty Ltd                           •   ACN 002693843 Box Pty Ltd
               •    Lynyork Pty Ltd                          •   ACN 089523919 CCC Pty Ltd


               Under the terms of ASIC Corporations (Wholly-Owned Companies) Instrument 2016/785, those wholly-owned subsidiaries that have
               entered into the Deed are granted relief from the Corporations Act 2001 requirement to prepare and lodge audited Financial Reports and
               Directors’ Reports.




               128                                                                                                      ORORA LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                    Notes to the
                    financial statements
                    FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2022




                    Financial statements for the Orora Limited Deed of Cross Guarantee
                    The consolidated income statement, statement of comprehensive income and statement of financial position of the entities party to the




For personal use only
                    Deed for the year ended and as at 30 June, are set out below.

                    Consolidated income statement, statement of comprehensive income and retained earnings.
                        $ million                                                                                                                                       2022         2021

                        Continuing Operations
                        Sales revenue                                                                                                                                   777.9        727.2
                        Profit from operations                                                                                                                          215.6        229.8
                        Net finance costs                                                                                                                                (7.2)        (9.8)
                        Profit before related income tax expense                                                                                                        208.4        220.0
                        Income tax expense                                                                                                                              (30.8)       (20.9)
                        Profit from continuing operations                                                                                                               177.6        199.1

                        Discontinued Operations
                                                                                     (1)
                        (Loss)/profit from discontinued operations, net of tax                                                                                            (2.4)         6.1
                        Profit for the financial period                                                                                                                 175.2        205.2

                        Other comprehensive income/(expense)
                        Cash flow hedge reserve
                        Unrealised gains on cash flow hedges, net of tax                                                                                                   7.0          2.0
                        Realised (gains)/losses transferred to profit or loss, net of tax                                                                                 (1.8)         3.7
                        Realised gains transferred to non-financial assets, net of tax                                                                                    (3.2)            -

                        Other comprehensive income, net of tax                                                                                                             2.0          5.7
                        Total comprehensive income for the financial period                                                                                             177.2        210.9


                        Total comprehensive income/(expense) for the financial period attributable to:
                        Continuing operations                                                                                                                           179.6        204.8
                        Discontinuing operations                                                                                                                         (2.4)         6.1
                        Total comprehensive income for the financial period                                                                                             177.2        210.9


                        Retained profits at beginning of financial period                                                                                               771.8        679.6
                        Profit for the financial period                                                                                                                 175.2        205.2
                        Dividends recognised during the financial period                                                                                               (134.8)      (113.0)
                        Retained profits at end of the financial period                                                                                                 812.2        771.8

                    (1)    On 30 April 2020, the Group completed the sale of its Australasian Fibre business. On 29 September 2020, the Group finalised the post-close completion
                           accounts process. Accordingly, the financial results of this business are presented separately as a discontinued operation in both the current and comparative
                           period. Further details regarding the sale of the Australasian Fibre business can be found in the 2021 and 2020 Annual Reports.




                    ORORA LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022                                                                                                                                  129
               Notes to the
               financial statements
               FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2022




               Section 7: Other notes to the financial statements (continued)
               7.5. Deed of Cross Guarantee (continued)




For personal use only
               Consolidated balance sheet
                $ million                                                                      2022       2021
                                                                                         0
                Current assets
                Cash and cash equivalents                                                       18.7      10.6
                Trade and other receivables                                                    129.0     139.6
                Inventories                                                                    303.4     176.6
                Derivatives                                                                     15.8       4.2
                Other current assets                                                            10.2      12.7
                Total current assets                                                           477.1     343.7

                Non-current assets
                Investments in controlled entities                                             567.7     567.7
                Property, plant and equipment                                                  509.9     456.6
                Right-of-use assets                                                             12.0      13.1
                Deferred tax assets                                                                -      11.6
                Goodwill and intangible assets                                                  22.1      22.4
                Derivatives                                                                      1.1       0.5
                Other non-current assets                                                        19.7      11.1
                Total non-current assets                                                      1,132.5   1,083.0
                Total assets                                                                  1,609.6   1,426.7

                Current liabilities
                Trade and other payables                                                       357.9     223.8
                Borrowings                                                                      35.1       0.1
                Lease liabilities                                                                3.1       4.4
                Derivatives                                                                      1.9       2.3
                Current tax liabilities                                                          1.2       4.2
                Provisions                                                                      54.3      61.6
                Total current liabilities                                                      453.5     296.4

                Non-current liabilities
                Other payables                                                                   4.9       1.5
                Borrowings                                                                     295.0     180.0
                Lease liabilities                                                               12.4      17.3
                Derivatives                                                                        -       0.4
                Deferred tax liabilities                                                         5.2          -
                Provisions                                                                       9.5      28.3
                Total non-current liabilities                                                  327.0     227.5
                Total liabilities                                                              780.5     523.9

                NET ASSETS                                                                     829.1     902.8


                Equity
                Contributed equity and treasury shares                                         (37.3)     80.8
                Reserves                                                                        54.2      50.2
                Retained earnings                                                              812.2     771.8
                TOTAL EQUITY                                                                   829.1     902.8




               130                                                              ORORA LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                    Notes to the
                    financial statements
                    FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2022




                    7.6. Related party transactions
                          The related parties identified by the Directors include investments and key management personnel.




For personal use only
                          Details of investment in subsidiaries are disclosed in note 6.1 and details of the Orora Employee Share Trust are provided in note 6.2. The
                          Group does not hold any interests in associates or joint ventures.



                    7.6.1. Parent entity
                    The ultimate parent entity within the Orora Group is Orora Limited, which is domiciled and incorporated in Australia. Transactions with
                    entities in the wholly-owned Orora Group are made on normal commercial terms and conditions and during the year included:
                    •      purchases and sales of goods and services;
                    •      advancement and repayment of loans;
                    •      interest expense paid by Orora Limited for money borrowed;
                    •      transfer of tax related balances for tax consolidation purposes;
                    •      provision of transactional banking facilities on behalf of subsidiaries;
                    •      provision of payroll, superannuation, share-based remuneration and managerial assistance.

                    7.6.2. Other related parties
                    Contributions to superannuation funds on behalf of employees are disclosed in note 1.5.

                    7.7. Key Management Personnel
                    Key Management Personnel (KMP) consists of Orora Limited Executive and Non-Executive Directors and the Chief Financial Officer. Key
                    management personnel compensation is as follows:

                        $ thousand                                                                                                                                 2022           2021

                        Short-term employee benefits                                                                                                               4,386         4,373
                        Long-term employee benefits                                                                                                                   66            41
                        Post employment benefits                                                                                                                     140           141
                        Payments on retirement                                                                                                                         -           337
                                                           (1)
                        Share-based payment expense                                                                                                                1,074           (86)
                                                                                                                                                                   5,666         4,806

                    (1)     The comparative period share-based payment expense includes negative values relating to options and rights that did not vest during the period as non-market
                            vesting conditions were not met and for rights that were forfeited upon retirement.

                    Detailed remuneration disclosures are provided in the Remuneration Report section of the Directors’ Report. Apart from the information
                    disclosed in this note, no Director has entered into a material contract with the Group this financial year and there were no material
                    contracts involving Directors’ interests existing at year end (2021: nil).
                    At 30 June 2022, no individual KMP or related party holds a loan with the Group (2021: nil).




                    ORORA LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022                                                                                                                                131
               Notes to the
               financial statements
               FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2022




               Section 7: Other notes to the financial statements (continued)
               7.8. New and amended accounting standards and interpretations




For personal use only
               All new and amended Australian Accounting Standards and Interpretations mandatory from 1 July 2021 to the Group have been adopted,
               including:
               •    AASB 2020-8 Amendments to Australian Accounting Standards – Interest Rate Benchmark Reform – Phase 2
               •    AASB 2021-3 Amendments to Australian Accounting Standards – Covid-19-Related Rent Concessions beyond 30 June 2021
               •    Implementation of IFRIC Agenda Decision – Costs Necessary to Sell Inventories

               The Group has no transactions that are affected by the newly effective standards and interpretations, or the Group’s accounting policies
               are already consistent with the new requirements. As such the adoption of the amending standards has not resulted in a change to the
               financial results or position of the Group.

               Issued but not yet effective
               There are a number of new and amending accounting standards issued by the AASB that are effective for annual reporting periods
               beginning after 1 January 2022, with early adoption permitted. These standards have not been early adopted and have therefore not been
               applied in preparing this financial report.
               The following amending standards are not expected to have a significant impact upon the Groups’ consolidated financial statements:
               •    AASB 2020-1 and AASB 2020-6 Amendments to Australian Accounting Standards – Classification of Liabilities as Current or Non-
                    Current
               •    AASB 2020-3 Amendments to Australian Accounting Standards – Annual Improvements 2018-2020 and Other Amendments
               •    AASB 2021-2 Amendments to Australian Accounting Standards – Disclosure of Accounting Policies and Definition of Accounting
                    Estimates
               •    AASB 2021-5 Amendments to Australian Accounting Standards – Deferred Tax related to Assets and Liabilities arising from a Single
                    Transaction
               •    AASB 2022-1 Amendments to Australian Accounting Standards – Initial Application of AASB 17 and AASB 9 – Comparative
                    Information




               132                                                                                                    ORORA LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                    Directors’
                    declaration
                    1. In the opinion of the Directors of Orora Limited (the Company):
                         (a)   the financial statements and notes, and the Remuneration Report within the Directors’ Report, are in accordance with the




For personal use only
                               Corporations Act 2001 including:
                                 i.    complying with Australian Accounting Standards, the Corporations Regulations 2001 and other mandatory
                                       professional reporting requirements; and
                                 ii.   giving a true and fair view of the Orora Group’s financial position as at 30 June 2022 and its performance for the year
                                       ended on that date; and
                         (b)   there are reasonable grounds to believe that the Company will be able to pay its debts as and when they become due and
                               payable.
                    2. Within the notes to the financial statements it is confirmed that the financial statements also comply with International Financial
                       Reporting Standards as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board.
                    3. At the date of this declaration, there are reasonable grounds to believe that the Company and the consolidated entities identified in
                       note 7.5 will be able to meet any obligations or liabilities to which they are or may become subject by virtue of the Deed of Cross
                       Guarantee between the Company and those consolidated entities pursuant to ASIC Corporations (Wholly-Owned Companies)
                       Instrument 2016/785.
                    4. The Directors have been given the declarations required by section 295A of the Corporations Act 2001 by the Managing Director and
                       Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer for the financial year ended 30 June 2022.
                    Signed in accordance with a resolution of the Directors.




                    A R SINDEL
                    CHAIR
                    18 August 2022




                    ORORA LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022                                                                                                      133
               Independent auditor’s report
               to the members of Orora Limited




For personal use only



               134                           ORORA LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                    Independent auditor’s report
                    to the members of Orora Limited




For personal use only



                    ORORA LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022   135
               Independent auditor’s report
               to the members of Orora Limited




For personal use only



               136                               ORORA LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                    Independent auditor’s report
                    to the members of Orora Limited




For personal use only



                    ORORA LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022   137
               Independent auditor’s report
               to the members of Orora Limited




For personal use only



               138                               ORORA LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                    Statement
                    of shareholdings
                    Statement pursuant to Australian Securities Exchange official list requirements.




For personal use only
                    Top 20 shareholders as at 27 July 2022
                    Rank            Name                                                                                                                Shares held     % of issued capital

                    1               HSBC CUSTODY NOMINEES (AUSTRALIA) LIMITED                                                                         312,872,465                     37.01
                    2               J P MORGAN NOMINEES AUSTRALIA PTY LIMITED                                                                         131,981,604                     15.61
                    3               CITICORP NOMINEES PTY LIMITED                                                                                     106,866,961                     12.64
                    4               NATIONAL NOMINEES LIMITED                                                                                          44,997,000                      5.32
                    5               BNP PARIBAS NOMS PTY LTD                                                                                           36,233,041                      4.29
                    6               HSBC CUSTODY NOMINEES (AUSTRALIA) LIMITED                                                                            8,296,190                     0.98
                    7               CITICORP NOMINEES PTY LIMITED                                                                                       6,934,782                      0.82
                    8               NETWEALTH INVESTMENTS LIMITED                                                                                        4,615,176                     0.55
                    9               PACIFIC CUSTODIANS PTY LIMITED                                                                                       3,589,160                     0.42
                    10              PACIFIC CUSTODIANS PTY LIMITED                                                                                      3,485,020                      0.41
                    11              BNP PARIBAS NOMINEES PTY LTD                                                                                         2,550,108                     0.30
                    12              NAVIGATOR AUSTRALIA LTD                                                                                              2,090,577                     0.25
                    13              BKI INVESTMENT COMPANY LIMITED                                                                                       1,600,000                     0.19
                    14              BNP PARIBAS NOMS PTY LTD                                                                                             1,535,609                     0.18
                    15              HSBC CUSTODY NOMINEES (AUSTRALIA) LIMITED - A/C 2                                                                    1,470,178                      0.17
                    16              THE MANLY HOTELS PTY LTD                                                                                             1,258,507                     0.15
                    17              EDWARD ZORN & CO PTY LIMITED                                                                                           902,175                      0.11
                    18              BNP PARIBAS NOMINEES PTY LTD HUB24 CUSTODIAL SERV LTD                                                                  831,860                     0.10
                    19              POWERWRAP LIMITED                                                                                                      751,725                     0.09
                    20              UBS NOMINEES PTY LTD                                                                                                   746,269                     0.09
                    Total                                                                                                                             673,608,407                     79.68



                    Substantial shareholders as at 27 July 2022
                                                                                                                                                      Last Notice of
                                                                                                                                                        Substantial
                    Holder                                                                                                                             Shareholding           No. of Shares

                    State Street Corporation                                                                                                         22 July 2022              42,331,792
                    The Vanguard Group, Inc.                                                                                                   18 December 2018              48,284,772(1)

                    (1)     Calculated based on number of shareholdings reported in the latest notice to ASX, on a basis of each five shares to be consolidated to four shares, fractions
                            rounded up to the next whole number.




                    ORORA LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022                                                                                                                                    139
               Statement
               of shareholdings



               Distribution of shareholdings




For personal use only
               Fully paid ordinary shares as at 27 July 2022
               Range                                                                               No. of holders.        No. of shares   % of issued capital

               100,001 and over                                                                               115        695,150,014                  82.23
               10,001 to 100,000                                                                           3,241          67,522,401                    7.99
               5,001 to 10,000                                                                             4,669          32,949,538                    3.90
               1,001 to 5,000                                                                             17,598          42,431,472                    5.02
               1 to 1,000                                                                                 14,897            7,298,365                   0.86
               Total                                                                                     40,520          845,351,790                 100.00
               Unmarketable parcels                                                                        1,777               85,224                   0.01


               Voting rights
               Votes of shareholders are governed by Rules 17 and 18 of the Company’s Constitution. In broad summary, but without prejudice to the
               provisions of these rules, on a show of hands every shareholder present in person shall have one vote and upon a poll every shareholder
               present in person, or by proxy or attorney, shall have one vote for every fully paid share held.

               Unquoted equity securities — Issued pursuant to various
               Orora Limited Employee Incentive Plans as at 27 July 2022
               Unquoted equity securities                                                                No. of employees participating     No. of securities

               Options over ordinary shares – exercise price $2.08                                                                   1             226,567
               Options over ordinary shares – exercise price $3.58                                                                   6            1,226,125
               Rights                                                                                                               55           6,400,080




               140                                                                                                      ORORA LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                    Five-year historical
                    financial information
                    Results shown for all operations before significant items except where indicated[1]
                    $ million (except where indicated)




For personal use only
                    For the years ended 30 June                                                                2022              2021              2020              2019              2018
                    Orora Consolidated Results
                    Sale revenue                                                                            4,090.8           3,538.0            4,659.1           4,761.5          4,248.0
                    Operating profit before interest and tax pre significant items                            285.5              249.1            288.2             335.2             323.4
                    Operating profit before tax pre significant items                                         258.8              216.3            230.4             295.8             288.9
                    Net operating profit pre significant items                                                 187.1             156.7             167.3             217.0             214.1
                    Net operating profit after significant items                                               184.7             135.8            238.9              161.2             212.2
                    Basic earnings per share (cents) pre significant items                                      21.7              16.9              17.4              18.0              17.8
                    Basic earnings per share (cents) after significant items                                    21.4              14.6              24.8              13.4              17.7
                    Dividend and distribution                                                                  134.8             113.0           606.6[2]            156.7             144.2
                    Dividend per ordinary share (cents)                                                         16.5              14.0            49.3[2]             13.0              12.5
                    Dividend franking (% p.a)                                                                       -                 -     30%/50%[3]              30%[4]              30%
                    Dividend cover (times)                                                                      11.2               9.7               4.8              12.4              17.0
                    Financial Ratios
                    Net tangible asset backing per share ($)                                                  0.33[5]           0.37[6]           0.60[7]             0.85              0.94
                    Net PBITDA interest cover pre significant items (times)                                     15.1              11.2               7.6              11.9              12.9
                    Gearing (net debt/net debt and shareholders' equity) (%)                                    46%               37%               22%               29%               29%
                    Return on average funds employed (%)[8]                                                   22.4%             19.9%             11.9%             13.0%             14.0%
                    Financial Statistics
                    Income from dividends and interest                                                           0.6               0.2               0.6               0.4               0.3
                    Depreciation and amortisation provided during the year                                     117.9             120.2             149.2             132.9             121.9
                    Net finance costs                                                                           26.7              32.8              57.8              39.4              34.5
                    Cash flow from operations                                                                 257.6             270.6               17.7            297.9             329.0
                    Capital expenditure and acquisitions                                                        92.2              59.0             174.3            334.3             204.3
                    Balance Sheet Data as at 30 June
                    Current assets                                                                           1,307.7            980.8            1,055.4           1,446.2           1,318.1
                    Non-current assets                                                                       1,401.1           1,343.8           1,442.8           2,471.2          2,299.0
                    Total assets                                                                            2,708.8           2,324.6           2,498.2            3,917.4           3,617.1
                    Current liabilities                                                                      1,122.3            806.3              817.1           1,160.6           1,098.7
                    Non-current liabilities                                                                   854.8              749.7            650.9            1,113.1             887.9
                    Total liabilities                                                                        1,977.1           1,556.0           1,468.0           2,273.7           1,986.6
                    Net assets                                                                                 731.7            768.6            1,030.2           1,643.7           1,630.5
                    Shareholders' equity
                    Contributed equity and treasury shares                                                    (37.3)              80.8            333.6              484.1             479.9
                    Reserves                                                                                   138.9             107.6             139.2             164.7             152.1
                    Retained profits                                                                           630.1            580.2             557.4             994.9             998.5
                    Total shareholders' equity                                                                 731.7            768.6            1,030.2           1,643.7           1,630.5
                    Other data as at 30 June:
                    Fully paid shares (000's)                                                              845,352           890,240           965,363          1,206,685         1,206,685
                    Orora share price
                    - year's high ($)                                                                           4.00              3.33              3.45              3.69              3.60
                    - year's low ($)                                                                            3.06              2.23              2.54              2.89              2.73
                    - close ($)                                                                                 3.65              3.33              2.54              3.24              3.57
                    Market capitalisation                                                                   3,085.5           2,964.5           2,452.0           3,909.7           4,307.9
                    Employee numbers                                                                          4,820              3,768             3,776             7,221             7,014
                    Number of shareholders                                                                   40,646            44,653            52,694            55,087            54,164

                    (1)   The financial information in the above table is presented on a total operations basis and therefore the period FY18-FY20 includes the financial results of the
                          Australasian Fibre business that was divested in April 2020.
                    (2)   A special dividend of 37.3 cents, 50% franked, was paid on 29 June 2020.
                    (3)   The FY20 final dividend was unfranked, FY20 special dividend was 50% franked, FY20 interim dividend was 30% franked.
                    (4)   The FY19 final dividend was 30% franked, FY19 interim dividend was 50% franked.
                    (5)   The net tangible asset backing per ordinary share is inclusive of right-of-use assets and liabilities. This measure would reduce to $0.13 if right-of-use assets
                          were excluded and right-of-use liabilities were included in the calculation.
                    (6)   The net tangible asset backing per ordinary share is inclusive of right-of-use assets and liabilities. This measure would reduce to $0.15 if right-of-use assets
                          were excluded and right-of-use liabilities were included in the calculation.
                    (7)   The net tangible asset backing per ordinary share is inclusive of right-of-use assets and liabilities. This measure would reduce to $0.38 if right-of-use assets
                          were excluded and right-of-use liabilities were included in the calculation.
                    (8)   Return on average funds employed (RoAFE) is calculated as EBIT divided by average funds employed.

                    ORORA LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022                                                                                                                                     141
               Shareholder
               information
               Shareholder enquiries                       Orora publications and                       Dividends
                                                           communications




For personal use only
               Shareholders seeking information about                                                   Orora normally pays dividends around
               their shareholding or dividends should                                                   April and October each year.
               contact Orora’s Share Registry, Link        The Annual Report is mailed in               Shareholders should retain all
               Market Services Limited (Link). Contact     mid- September only to those                 remittance advice relating to dividend
               details can be found on the inside back     shareholders who have previously             payments for tax purposes.
               cover of this report. For security and      requested to receive hard copies of the
               privacy reasons, before contacting the      document.                                    1. Direct deposit to a bank,
               Share Registry, shareholders should         If you have previously requested a              building society or credit
               have their Securityholder Reference         printed copy of the Annual Report, but          union account
               Number (SRN) or Holder Identification       no longer require it in printed form,
               Number (HIN) available.                                                                  Shareholders can receive their
                                                           please update your preference online         dividends directly into a nominated
               Shareholders can also access a wide         with Link Market Services or advise Link     bank, building society or credit union
               variety of holding information via Link’s   in writing. To view this report online, or   account held in Australia, the United
               website:                                    to download a copy, visit Orora’s            States of America or New Zealand.
               www.linkmarketservices.com.au and           website: www.ororagroup.com.
               make changes either online or by                                                         The currency selected must match the
                                                           Orora’s website, www.ororagroup.com,         location of the financial institution. For
               downloading a form.                         offers shareholders details of the latest    example, NZD can only be paid into an
               These changes include:                      share price, announcements made to           account held with a financial institution
                                                           the ASX, including half-year and full-       located in New Zealand.
               •    choosing the preferred method of       year results, investor and analyst
                    receiving the Annual Report, Notice    presentations and many other                 Shareholders can provide or update
                    of Meeting and payment                 publications that may be of interest.        banking details online at Orora’s
                    statements                                                                          Share Registry at:
               •    checking holding balances                                                           www.linkmarketservices.com.au.
                                                           Dividend Reinvestment
               •    updating address details
               •    providing an email address             Plan (DRP)                                   2. Cheque payable to
               •    updating or providing bank details     The DRP provides shareholders in                international shareholders
               •    electing to participate in the DRP.    Australia and New Zealand with the              (other than New Zealand)
                                                           opportunity to reinvest their dividends      International shareholders (other than
                                                           to acquire additional Orora shares.
               Stock Exchange listing                      Shares acquired under the DRP rank
                                                                                                        shareholders domiciled in New Zealand)
                                                                                                        who do not have an account with an
               Orora Limited shares are listed on the      equally with existing fully paid ordinary    Australian or United States financial
               Australian Securities Exchange (ASX)        shares.                                      institution will receive their dividends
               and are traded under the code ORA.          Full details of the DRP and a DRP            by Australian dollar cheque.
                                                           election form are available from Orora’s     Lost or stolen cheques should be
               Annual General Meeting                      Share Registry or from Orora’s website.      reported immediately in writing to
               The Annual General Meeting of Orora                                                      Orora’s Share Registry to enable a
               Limited will be held at 10.30am                                                          ‘stop payment’ and replacement.
               (Melbourne time: AEST) on                                                                In addition, eligible shareholders can
               20 October 2022.                                                                         choose to have their dividend earnings
               Formal notice of the Meeting is sent to                                                  reinvested in Orora shares.
               each shareholder.




               142                                                                                            ORORA LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                    Financial calendar
                    2022—2023
                        Financial year 2022 (FY22) ends                       30 June 2022




For personal use only
                        Announcement of full-year results for FY22          18 August 2022
                        Ex-dividend date for final dividend FY22          5 September 2022

                        Record date for final dividend FY22               6 September 2022

                        Dividend payment date for FY22 final dividend      10 October 2022

                        Annual General Meeting                             20 October 2022

                        Financial half-year 2023 ends                     31 December 2022
                        Announcement of interim results                      February 2023
                        for financial year 2023 (FY23)
                        Ex-dividend date for interim dividend FY23             March 2023
                        Record date for interim dividend FY23                  March 2023
                        Dividend payment date for FY23 interim dividend          April 2023

                        Financial year 2023 (FY23) ends                       30 June 2023




                    ORORA LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2021                                          143
               Corporate
               directory
               Orora Limited                     Auditors




For personal use only
               Registered office and principal   PricewaterhouseCoopers
               administrative office:            2 Riverside Quay
               109–133 Burwood Road              Southbank Victoria 3006
               Hawthorn Victoria 3122            Australia
               Australia
                                                 Telephone: +61 3 8603 1000
               Telephone: +61 3 9116 1711        Facsimile: +61 3 8603 1999
               Website: www.ororagroup.com       Website: www.pwc.com.au
               ABN: 55 004 275 165
               Chair                             Orora share registry
               Mr A R Sindel                     Link Market Services Limited
               Managing Director and             Street address:
               Chief Executive Officer           Tower 4, Collins Square
               Mr B P Lowe                       727 Collins Street
               Chief Financial Officer           Melbourne Victoria 3008
               Mr S C Hughes                     Australia

               Company Secretary                 Postal address:
               Ms A L Stubbings                  Locked Bag A14
                                                 Sydney South NSW 1235
                                                 Australia
                                                 Telephone: +61 1300 554 474
                                                 (toll free within Australia)
                                                 Facsimile: +61 2 9287 0303
                                                 Email:
                                                 orora@linkmarketservices.com.au
                                                 Website:
                                                 www.linkmarketservices.com.au




               144                                                                 ORORA LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022
For personal use only
               If any amendments to
               this Annual Report
               are required, they
               will be disclosed to
               the ASX and posted on
               Orora’s website under
               the Investor section at
               ororagroup.com/investors
                     For personal use only
www.ororagroup.com
