For personal use only
                        19 August 2021



                        ASX Market Announcements Office
                        Australian Securities Exchange
                        20 Bridge Street
                        Sydney NSW 2000




                        Orora Limited (ORA) Appendix 4E and 2021 Annual Report


                        Orora Limited announces to the market its financial results for the year ended 30 June 2021.

                        The following documents are attached:

                        •       Appendix 4E – Preliminary Final Report given under Listing Rule 4.3A; and
                        •       Orora 2021 Annual Report including its financial statements and Corporate Governance
                                Statement,

                        for the year ended 30 June 2021.

                        Yours faithfully



                        Ann Stubbings
                        Company Secretary



                        This announcement has been authorised for release by the Board of Directors of Orora Limited.




                        Orora Limited 109 Burwood Road, Hawthorn, 3122 Victoria, Australia • +61 3 9116 1711• | www.ororagroup.com ABN 55 004 275 165
                                                                            Appendix 4E Rule 4.3A

                                                                      Preliminary Final Report

                                                                             ORORA LIMITED
                                                                            ABN 55 004 275 165




For personal use only
                        1. Details of the reporting period and the previous corresponding period
                                Reporting Period:                                        Year Ended 30 June 2021
                                Previous Corresponding Period:                           Year Ended 30 June 2020


                        2. Results for announcement to the market
                            Key information                                 30 June 2021                                                           30 June 2020
                                                                             A$ million                                                             A$ million
                                        Statutory results
                            2.1 Revenue from ordinary activities
                                • From Continuing Operations                   3,538.0           Down          0.8%                    from              3,566.2
                                • From Discontinued Operations                     -             Down         100%                     from              1,092.9
                                        2.2 Net profit/(loss) from ordinary activities after tax but before significant items, attributable to members
                                • From Continuing Operations                    156.7              Up         23.7%                    from              126.7
                                • From Discontinued Operations                     -             Down         100%                     from               40.6
                                        2.3 Net profit/(loss) for the period, after significant items, attributable to members
                                • From Continuing Operations                    129.7              Up        387.6%                    from               26.6
                                • From Discontinued Operations                   6.1             Down         97.1%                    from              212.3


                            Dividends                                                                             Amount per          Franked amount per
                                                                                                                   security                 security
                            Current period
                            2.4 Final dividend payable 11 October 2021                                                7.5 cents             unfranked
                            2.4 Interim dividend                                                                      6.5 cents             unfranked
                            Previous corresponding period
                            2.4 Final dividend                                                                        5.5 cents             unfranked
                            2.4 Special dividend                                                                   37.3 cents                 50.0%
                            2.4 Interim dividend                                                                      6.5 cents               30.0%



                            2.5 Record date for determining entitlements to the dividend                              Final dividend – 7 September 2021



                        2.6 Brief explanation of figures in 2.1 to 2.4:
                              i) The current period final dividend and interim dividend are unfranked.
                              ii) 100.0% of the current period final dividend and current period interim dividend were sourced from the Conduit
                                   Foreign Income Account. Dividends to foreign holders are not subject to withholding tax.
                              iii) Profit for the current period, for continuing operations, includes a significant expense relating to additional
                                   decommissioning costs associated with the Petrie site. Refer to Note 1.2 in the Annual Report lodged with the ASX on
                                   19 August 2021. Profit in the comparative period includes a significant expense relating to restructuring activities and
                                   recoverable asset impairment charges in North America.
                              iv) Refer to Annual Report lodged with the ASX on 19 August 2021 and the Investor Results Release for further details
                                   relating to 2.1 to 2.4.
                        3. Income Statement and Statement of Comprehensive Income
                             Refer to the Annual Report lodged with the ASX on 19 August 2021.

                        4. Statement of Financial Position
                             Refer to the Annual Report lodged with the ASX on 19 August 2021.




For personal use only
                        5. Statement of Cash Flows
                             Refer to the Annual Report lodged with the ASX on 19 August 2021.

                        6. Statement of Retained Earnings
                             Refer to Note 2.4.3 Retained Earnings in the Annual Report lodged with the ASX on 19 August 2021.

                        7. Details of individual dividends and payment dates
                             Refer to Note 2.2 Dividends and Note 2.4.3 Retained Earnings in the Annual Report lodged with the ASX on 19 August 2021.

                        8. Details of dividend reinvestment plan
                             The Dividend Reinvestment Plan (DRP) is in operation. No discount is available under the DRP in respect of the FY21 final
                             dividend. The issue price for the FY21 final dividend will be calculated based on the arithmetic average of the weighted average
                             market price for the ten ASX trading days from 13 September 2021 to 24 September 2021, inclusive. The last date for receipt
                             of election notices for the DRP is 8 September 2021. Shares allotted under the DRP rank equally with existing fully paid
                             ordinary shares of Orora Limited.

                        9. Net tangible assets
                                                                                                        Current period                     30 June 2020

                          Net tangible asset backing per ordinary security                                   $0.37(1)                           $0.60
                        (1) The net tangible asset backing per ordinary share of $0.37 presented above is inclusive of right-of-use assets and lease liabilities. The net tangible

                          asset backing per ordinary share, as at 30 June 2021, would reduce to $0.15 (2020: $0.38) if right-of-use assets were excluded, and right-of-use
                          liabilities were included, in the calculation.

                        10. Control gained or lost over entities during the period having a material effect
                               Refer to the Annual Report lodged with the ASX on 19 August 2021. No entities were acquired during the period having a
                               material effect. Refer Note 6.2 Business Divestments for details of businesses disposed that occurred in the comparative
                               period.

                        11. Details of associates and joint venture entities
                               Not applicable.

                        12. Significant information
                               Refer to the Annual Report lodged with the ASX on 19 August 2021 and the Investor Results Release.

                        13. For foreign entities, which set of accounting standards is used in compiling the report
                               International Financial Reporting Standards.

                        14. Commentary on results for the period
                               Refer to Note 1.3 Earnings per Share of the Annual Report lodged with the ASX on 19 August 2021, and the Investor Results
                               Release.

                        15 This report is based on accounts which have been audited
                               Refer to the Annual Report lodged with the ASX on 19 August 2021.




                        ............................................................
                        Ann Stubbings
                        Company Secretary
                        Dated: 19 August 2021
             Orora
             Annual

For personal use only
             Report
             2021
               Orora at a glance
              We are global manufacturers and distributors of tailored packaging, products and
              visual communication solutions to customers all around the world. An ASX-listed public
              company with headquarters in Melbourne, Australia and over A$3.5 billion in sales in
              FY21, Orora’s ambition is to be a leading sustainable packaging solutions provider.




For personal use only
               WHAT WE DO                                                 HOW WE DO IT




                                                                          22
               BEVERAGE AUSTRALASIA
               The Orora Beverage team work across Australia
               and New Zealand to provide state-of-the-art
               design and manufacturing solutions to
               packaging customers in the beverage industry.              Manufacturing plants
               We work within three specialist business units,
               across Glass, Cans and Wine Closures, to craft
               and produce the glass bottles, aluminium
               cans, tabs and ends, closures and caps that



                                                                          74
               keep consumers’ favourite beverages safe for
               transport and consumption.



                                                                          Distribution sites
               OPS NORTH AMERICA
               In Orora Packaging Solutions (OPS) our team
               work across 11 business units to lead the US
               market in custom packaging and supply chain



                                                                          3.7k
               optimisation. From corrugated manufacturing,
               equipment and automation, we create total
               packaging solutions to serve a range of sectors
               including food, beverage, automotive, industrial
               and healthcare, offering complementary
                                                                          Team members
               services in global product sourcing, distribution,
               design and printing.




                                                                          44k
               ORORA VISUAL NORTH AMERICA
               Orora Visual delivers cutting-edge visual
               communication and Point-of-Purchase solutions
               to customers across a range of sectors.
               Our team provides print, finishing, displays,              Shareholders
               packaging, creative services, fulfilment, and
               distribution, plus value-add services in store
               profiling, mobile technology, rapid prototyping
               and vendor managed inventory.




               CONTENTS
               1   Orora at a glance                           24 Corporate Governance Statement               133 Directors’ declaration (Financial report)
               2 	FY21 financial overview and highlights      38 Board of Directors                           134 	Independent auditor’s report to the
               4 	Chair and CEO’s message to shareholders    40 Executive Leadership team                          members of Orora Limited
               7   Orora Group strategy update                42 Directors’ report                            139 	S tatement of shareholdings
               10 Orora’s approach to sustainability          47 Remuneration report                          141 	Five-year historical financial information
               18 Financial review summary                     64	
                                                                  Directors’ declaration (Directors’ report)   142 	Shareholder information
               20 Operational review Australasia              65 Auditor’s independence declaration           143 	Financial calendar
               22 Operational review North America            66 Financial report                             144 	Corporate directory




               ORORA LIMITED ABN 55 004 275 165
For personal use only
                                        WHERE WE ARE                       OUR APPROACH
                                                                           Orora’s approach is founded on our values of Teamwork, Passion, Respect and
                                                                           Integrity and is underpinned at all times by an unwavering commitment to safety,
                                                                           sustainability and innovation.




                                              7
                                                                                                           SAFETY
                                                                                                           Safety is a critical and ongoing priority
                                                                                                           at Orora. Maintaining the safety, health
                                                                                                           and wellbeing of our team is of paramount
                                              Countries                                                    importance, as everyone should return
                                                                                                           home safely after working each day.
                                                                                                           We continue to focus on developing our
                                                                                                           safety culture and invest in driving safety
                                                                                                           performance across our business.




                                                                                                           SUSTAINABILITY
                                                                                                           At Orora, sustainability is fundamental to
                                                                                                           everything we do. We aim to lead the way in
                                                                                                           sustainable business practices and provide
                                                                                                           sustainable products and outcomes that
                                                                                                           meet global standards. Orora’s approach to
                                                                                                           sustainability is framed by our obligations
                                                                                                           as a signatory to the United Nations
                                                                                                           Global Compact.




                                                                                                           INNOVATION
                                                                                                           We have an intimate knowledge of our
                                                                                                           markets and place a premium on innovation,
                                                                                                           investing in digital capability and creative
                                                                                                           ideas to drive efficiencies and incremental
                                                                                                           growth. We identify opportunities through
                                                                                                           consumer trends and insights using
                                                                                                           this information to develop strategies,
                                                                                                           approaches and products that create
                                                                                                           long-term value for Orora, our people,
                                                                                                           customers and shareholders.




                    INVESTOR CENTRE                           ORORA AGM
                    To view this report online or to          Orora’s Annual General Meeting (AGM)
                    download a copy, visit Orora’s website:   will be held on Thursday, 21 October 2021.
                    www.ororagroup.com                        To access more information, visit
                                                              www.ororagroup.com/investors/
                                                              downloads/annual-general-meeting




                    ORORA LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2021                                                                                                      1
              FY21 financial overview
              and highlights




For personal use only
               Our financial year 2021                             FINANCIAL OVERVIEW 1

               results reflect the                                   Material improvement in underlying Group EBIT and NPAT,
               strength of Orora’s                                   up 11.6% and 23.7% respectively, or 17.3% and 34.1%
               business model, the                                   on a constant currency basis.
               benefits of a continued                               Significant 29.0% increase in underlying EPS.
               focus on delivering                                   North American performance significantly improved, with
               against the core                                      local currency EBIT increasing 43.0% on the back of revenue
               strategies in each                                    growth and margin improvement.
               business, and a balanced                              Solid Australasian result demonstrating the diversified
               and disciplined approach                              strength and resilience of the Beverage business.
               to capital management.                                Final dividend of 7.5cps (unfranked), taking the full year
                                                                     dividend to 14cps and ~80% of NPAT — the top end of the
                                                                     target payout range.
                                                                     $256.2 million capital return via on-market share buyback.

                                                                     Positioned for growth, with strong cash generation and
                                                                     balance sheet position.




                 NOTE REGARDING NON-IFRS FINANCIAL INFORMATION: Throughout this report, we have included certain non-IFRS financial information. This information is
               1	
                 presented to assist in making appropriate comparisons with prior periods and to assess the operating performance of the business. We use these measures
                 to assess the performance of the business and believe that the information is useful to investors. The following non-IFRS measures have not been audited
                 but have been extracted from Orora’s audited Financial Statements: earnings before interest and tax before significant items (EBIT); earnings before
                 interest, tax, depreciation and amortisation before significant items (EBITDA); and return on average funds employed (RoAFE). Performance measures
                 such as earnings per share, RoAFE and EBIT margins have been calculated using the non-IFRS measures listed above. All other non-IFRS measures, unless
                 otherwise stated, have not been extracted from Orora’s audited Financial Statements. References to earnings throughout this report are references to
                 EBIT before significant items.




               2                                                                                                                   ORORA LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                    FY21 HIGHLIGHTS1,2




For personal use only
                                                Sales revenue2                                                                            EBIT 3
                                                     ($m)                                                           FY21                  ($m)          3,538.0




                                   $3,538.0m                                                                                $249.1m
                                                                                                                    FY20                                3,566.2




                                                                                                                                               7.0%

                                   FY21                               3,538.0                                       FY21          140.0                 109.1         249.1

                                   FY20                               3,566.2                                       FY20          132.6               90.7        223.3

                                                                                                                                           6.3%




                                   FY21         140.0
                                                     (0.8)%           109.1           249.1
                                                                                                                                          11.6%
                                   FY20         132.6                90.7       223.3



                                                                                                                First half EBIT      Second half EBIT        EBIT Margin%




                                 RoAFE2                            Underlying net profit                   Underlying operating                               Dividend
                                                                       after tax3,4                             cash flow                                    per share5




                            19.9%                                   $156.7m                                $246.0m                                           14.0c
                                410bps                                      23.7%                                   44.9%                                       16.7%




                    1 Except as expressly defined in this Annual Report, $ refers to Australian dollars.
                    2	In FY20, the Group completed the sale of its Australasian Fibre business. The financial performance reflects the continuing operations of the Group only
                       and excludes the financial results of the Australasian Fibre business operations and the impact of the sale, unless otherwise specified.
                    3	The financial periods presented above represent underlying earnings excluding the impact of significant items. FY21 excludes a significant item expense
                       of $38.6 million recognised with respect to the decommissioning of the former Petrie mill site. Recent significant developments associated with
                       unprecedented rainfall levels and unforeseen complexities related to the remediation of the most technically complex remaining areas, have resulted
                       in increases to the estimated costs to complete. FY20 excludes a significant item expense of $137.2 million relating to restructuring activities and
                       recoverable asset impairment charges in North America — further detail can be found in the 2020 Annual Report.
                    4 Net profit after tax before significant items for continuing operations.
                    5 Not including special dividend of 37.3 cents per share paid on 29 June 2020.

                    ORORA LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2021                                                                                                                              3
               Chair and CEO’s message
               to shareholders




For personal use only
               ROB SINDEL CHAIR       BRIAN LOWE MANAGING DIRECTOR
                                      AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER


                                      OUR OPERATING CONTEXT                          GROUP FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE
               All Orora businesses   Throughout the 2021 financial year,            Orora delivered a strong improvement on
                                      Orora’s businesses continued to operate        our financial year 2020 results, with an
               have driven positive   as essential service providers across          increase in underlying EBIT that reflects
               momentum and           the globe.                                     the diversified strength and resilience of
                                                                                     our business model.
               improved operating     While this enabled us to be resilient in the
                                      face of the lingering pandemic, the health,    Group revenue increased by 7.8% on a
               performance and        safety and wellbeing of our team, suppliers    constant currency basis during FY21,
                                      and customers in the ever-changing             with North America revenue up 8.2%
               financial results      COVID environment has been an ongoing          on the prior year in US dollar terms.
               this year.             and overriding concern.
                                                                                     Orora’s underlying earnings before interest
                                      We continued to put the safety of our          and tax (EBIT) increased by 17.3% on a
                                      people first and harness our drive to          constant currency basis, with reported
                                      design, manufacture and distribute safe,       underlying EBIT of $249.1 million up 11.6%
                                      sustainable and innovative products            on the prior year. Reported underlying net
                                      to our customers. Orora’s global team          profit after tax (NPAT) before significant
                                      adapted well and remained focused              items was $156.7 million, an increase of
                                      on safely delivering essential food,           23.7% on FY20.
                                      beverage and healthcare packaging
                                                                                     Underlying earnings per share (EPS) was
                                      and products to communities, whatever
                                                                                     16.9 cents, with strong EPS growth of
                                      the prevailing conditions.
                                                                                     29.0% driven by an increase in underlying
                                      Our focus on financial discipline, the         NPAT (before significant items) and the
                                      execution of our strategy and improvement      impact of the on-market buyback, with
                                      programs has been unwavering —                 89.3 million shares having been purchased
                                      particularly in North America, where           during FY21. The buyback, which began in
                                      the effects of the pandemic have been          September 2020, completed at 30 June
                                      greatest. Our efforts in this segment          2021 at a cash cost of $256.2 million.
                                      have been directed towards stabilising
                                                                                     Statutory NPAT for the year was
                                      and improving operating and financial
                                                                                     $135.8 million after significant items
                                      performance, whilst developing business
                                                                                     expense, which totalled $20.9 million
                                      in more defensive end markets.
                                                                                     after tax. Additional costs of $38.6 million
                                      It’s pleasing to report that, despite the      ($27.0 million after tax) were also
                                      external challenges, Orora has driven          recognised during the year in respect
                                      positive momentum and improved                 of estimated costs to complete the
                                      operating performance and financial            decommissioning of the former Petrie
                                      results this year.                             mill site.
                                      We would like to thank everyone who has        Operating cash flow (before significant
                                      helped to achieve our goal of supporting       items) for FY21 was $246.0 million,
                                      our team members and our customers.            $76.2 million higher than in FY20. Cash
                                                                                     conversion also increased to approximately
                                                                                     72.9%, up from 54.3% in the prior year.




               4                                                                               ORORA LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                    The Board and Executive team have               Orora continued to maintain a strong           Despite significant deterioration in its
                    ensured we maintain a strong balance            focus on investment into the Australasian      key end-markets during FY21, Orora
                    sheet and liquidity, providing operating        Beverage business. During FY21, we             Visual delivered a notable improvement in
                    and strategic flexibility. Our balanced         completed the installation of small format     financial results, underpinned by a number




For personal use only
                    and disciplined approach to capital             (slim) can capability at Revesby in New        of customer wins, a focus on defensive
                    management will continue, with an ongoing       South Wales. This further enhances our         markets and continued discipline on cost
                    focus on utilsing our strong financial          capacity to manage demand and our              reduction initiatives. Revenue increased
                    position to invest in both organic and          ability to meet customer preferences, and      against FY20 on a local currency basis,
                    inorganic growth opportunities to generate      complements our existing small format          while positive EBIT was also achieved,
                    future shareholder returns.                     can capabilities at Rocklea in Queensland      following a loss in the prior year.
                                                                    and Wiri in Auckland. With the support of
                    The Board has declared a final ordinary         our customers, we will continue to invest      ORORA’S STRATEGY
                    dividend of 7.5 cents per share, unfranked.     in similar capacity expansion initiatives
                    The final ordinary dividend represents a                                                       Orora’s ambition remains to be a leading
                                                                    and anticipate the commencement of
                    total annual dividend payout ratio of 80%                                                      provider of sustainable packaging
                                                                    work on the installation of a new can line
                    of underlying Group earnings, reflecting our                                                   solutions. We will achieve this by
                                                                    at an existing site in FY22, at a cost of
                    confidence in the improved outlook                                                             leveraging our capabilities to target
                                                                    ~$70.0—$80.0 million.
                    for performance.                                                                               end-market segments with appealing
                                                                    We also recently commenced construction        growth and solid financial returns.
                    BUSINESS REVIEW                                 of an advanced glass beneficiation plant at
                                                                                                                   We continue to be well-positioned for
                                                                    our Gawler site in South Australia at a cost
                    Orora’s businesses include the Australasian                                                    growth via performance improvements in
                                                                    of ~$25.0 million. Funding of ~$8.0 million
                    Beverage business and North American                                                           our core businesses. The progress made
                                                                    has been secured by way of a grant from
                    OPS and Orora Visual businesses.                                                               to optimise operations and stabilise our
                                                                    the Commonwealth and South Australian
                                                                                                                   businesses in North America is pleasing
                    In Australasia                                  Governments through the Recycling
                                                                                                                   as we prepare to deploy further capital in
                                                                    Modernisation Fund. This will support our
                    The Australasian Beverage business                                                             this market.
                                                                    strategic priority to increase recycled
                    delivered a solid result, and we continued
                                                                    glass content in our products and further      We also continue to elevate our focus
                    to demonstrate our diversified strength
                                                                    progress towards our sustainability goals.     on sustainability and innovation, and to
                    and resilience as a leading supplier of Cans,
                                                                                                                   invest prudently to generate value for
                    Glass and Wine Closures in Australia and        In North America
                                                                                                                   our customers and shareholders.
                    New Zealand.
                                                                    Orora’s North American businesses made
                                                                                                                   Orora’s divisional strategies remain
                    Beverage sales revenue increased by 6.1%        excellent progress this year despite
                                                                                                                   consistent. We are focused on
                    to $834.1 million for FY21. This was driven     experiencing difficult trading conditions.
                                                                                                                   expanding the breadth and depth of
                    by volume increases across Cans and             Our teams focused on stabilisation,
                                                                                                                   the Australasian Beverage business,
                    Closures, and offset by weakness in Glass,      cost discipline, profit improvement and
                                                                                                                   leveraging our technical expertise in
                    driven by a reduction in volumes as the         execution of strategy to drive operating
                                                                                                                   container manufacturing combined with
                    impact of lower Australian wine exports to      and financial performance improvements
                                                                                                                   our strong customer relationships. We
                    China crystallised. EBIT of $150.3 million      throughout FY21.
                                                                                                                   will continue to enhance and expand
                    was up 2.5% on the prior year.
                                                                    North American sales revenue grew by           our core products and services through
                    Strong growth in Cans across all                8.2% to US$2,019.8 million, while              investment and innovation, exploring
                    categories reflected increased levels of        US dollar EBIT increased by 43.0% to           entry into complementary new market
                    at-home consumption. This was offset by         US$73.8 million.                               segments across Australia and New
                    the weakness in Glass from lower wine                                                          Zealand in the near term and expansion of
                                                                    In OPS there was a solid improvement in        the operating footprint into new markets
                    exports and a shift in mix to other lower
                                                                    both operating and financial performance,      in the longer term.
                    profit beverage categories, together with
                                                                    as further benefits from our detailed profit
                    the impact of cost headwinds related to
                                                                    improvement program were realised.             In North America, there is significant
                    energy and insurance, which resulted in
                                                                                                                   market opportunity in both OPS and Orora
                    lower margins.                                  The program is focused on adapting the         Visual. Focus during FY21 was primarily
                                                                    product offering, preserving and growing       on optimising the respective business
                    The Beverage team continues to work
                                                                    volumes with existing and new customers,       models to drive efficiencies and to
                    closely with Orora’s customers to address
                                                                    stronger cost control measures, and            enhance the customer value proposition,
                    the impacts of Chinese tariffs imposed
                                                                    margin improvements through proactive          including through investment in new
                    on bottled wine exports. Good progress
                                                                    account management, enhanced sales             digital capabilities. With our business
                    has been made to redeploy Glass capacity
                                                                    force effectiveness and leveraging of          platforms now stabilised and scaleable,
                    into lower profit beverage categories,
                                                                    data insights. The success of this work        we expect to return to exploring inorganic
                    shifting the mix to maximise recovery and
                                                                    is demonstrated in the OPS EBIT margin,        growth opportunities in OPS that expand
                    throughput, given expected lower volumes.
                                                                    which increased to 4.4% for FY21, from         our product and service capabilities, and
                    We expect the benefits of this activity
                                                                    3.6% in the prior year. OPS remain on track    further enhance our business models
                    will be realised progressively throughout
                                                                    to achieve a greater than 5.0% EBIT margin     and customer value propositions.
                    FY22 and beyond.
                                                                    over the coming two to three years.




                    ORORA LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2021                                                                                                            5
               Chair and CEO’s message
               to shareholders




For personal use only
               INNOVATION IS KEY                              This is yet another step in Orora’s              Caring for the mental health of our team
                                                              sustainability journey, with benefits            members also remained an important
               Orora’s investment in safety, innovation       including a reduction in the amount              priority in the COVID-19 context.
               and sustainability is matched by deep          of energy and virgin materials used to
               focus and commitment. We operate in                                                             While Lost Time Injuries increased slightly
                                                              manufacture glass in Australasia, resulting
               a safe, innovative and sustainable way                                                          over the past 12 months, we also saw a
                                                              in a reduction of CO2e emissions, as well
               from our manufacturing sites and creative                                                       reduction in total Recordable Cases. Our
                                                              as diverting waste away from landfill. The
               studios, to our distributors and offices.                                                       extensive efforts to reduce the occurrence
                                                              commissioning of the plant demonstrates
               This approach is underpinned by first class                                                     of injuries at our sites and workplaces
                                                              our commitment to leading innovation
               expertise and customer insights, and aims                                                       will be unrelenting as we continue this
                                                              and supports Government aims to build
               to deliver long-term value creation.                                                            important work to keep our people safe.
                                                              Australia’s capacity to generate high
                                                                                                               You can read more about safety at Orora
               Investing in digital capabilities is a key     value recycled commodities, invest in
                                                                                                               on page 11 of this Report.
               enabler of Orora’s growth strategy and         recycling and waste infrastructure, and
               current initiatives across our businesses      create new opportunities to recover              LOOKING AHEAD
               will ensure we are well-positioned to          and reuse resources.
               respond as our customers and suppliers                                                          While the external economic outlook
                                                              This drive is evident throughout all of our      remains uncertain, Orora is well-positioned,
               increasingly look to transact with us          businesses. In Beverage, we achieved an
               via digital channels. Work is underway                                                          having delivered a strong increase in our
                                                              average of 60% recycled content in the           FY21 result, with sustained improvements
               to develop eCommerce platforms in our          aluminium flat sheet used to manufacture
               businesses, which will drive increased                                                          in financial and operational performance.
                                                              cans during the financial year. In North         This provides a sound basis for the pursuit
               volume and lower costs, as we make it          America, Orora Visual contributed to the
               easier and more efficient for our customers                                                     of future growth and investment.
                                                              circular economy through the introduction
               to engage with us.                             of a printable fabric comprised of 100%          On behalf of the Board, we would like to
               In Beverage, Orora Glass designed,             recycled content derived from recycled           thank the Orora team for their dedicated
               developed, manufactured and delivered          PET bottles for customers to use in              efforts and contributions throughout
               a new proprietary bottle range for South       advertising campaigns. OPS maintained            this year, which have culminated in these
               Australian Kombucha pioneers, MOJO,            70% average recycled content in the              positive results. We are also extremely
               and worked closely with Treasury Wine          manufacture of corrugated board.                 grateful for the ongoing support of our
               Estates to develop a closed loop system                                                         shareholders and customers, and we do
                                                              In FY22, we move forward with our                not take this support for granted.
               for recycling glass from TWE’s packaging       sustainability agenda to further elevate our
               centre in the Barossa Valley.                  focus across three redefined and distinct        We trust that Orora’s resilience and
                                                              pillars of Circular Economy, Climate Change      the ongoing delivery of operational and
               OUR SUSTAINABILITY FOCUS
                                                              and Community. More information about            financial performance will continue to build
               Sustainability is at the very heart of         our sustainability approach and this new         shareholders’ confidence in our strategy
               Orora’s operating model, as we aim to          chapter in our journey can be found in the       and in the future success that Orora
               reduce our impact on society and the           sustainability section of this Report from       will deliver.
               environment, and maintain the respect          page 10.
               and support of our people, customers and
               the communities in which we operate.           PROGRESS AGAINST ECO TARGETS
               Orora’s efforts and achievements to            We continue to make progress against our
               date have been guided by a three-pillar        Eco Targets, which aim to reduce Orora’s
               program comprised of People, Planet and        CO2e emissions, waste to landfill and water
               Prosperity, which aligns to our obligations    use. This was the first full year of operation
               as a signatory to the United Nations           where Orora worked towards our five-year
                                                              Eco Targets that run until 30 June 2024.         ROB SINDEL
               Global Compact (UNGC).
                                                              Pleasingly, we have demonstrated good            CHAIR
               We proudly manufacture products made of        progress towards achieving our goals.
               materials that are infinitely recyclable and
               that positively contribute to our position     OUR COMMITMENT TO SAFETY
               within the circular economy, which seeks
               to maximise the life of products and           The ongoing global pandemic continued
               resources by recycling them. The glass         to underline the significance of safety,
               beneficiation plant at Gawler will enable      health and wellbeing at Orora. We evolved
                                                              our approach and guidelines to ensure
                                                                                                               BRIAN LOWE
               us to procure more glass cullet (crushed,                                                       MANAGING DIRECTOR
               recycled glass) through established            alignment with local government and              AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER
               sources and Container Deposit Schemes,         health advice, and focused on providing
               and will see us increase the amount of         clear direction and support to our teams.
               recycled content in our glass packaging.

               6                                                                                                         ORORA LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                    Orora Group
                    strategy update




For personal use only
                                                                 ORORA’S STRATEGIC PILLARS                   Deployment of cash flow will be a
                    This year, Orora embarked                    In Orora’s business strategy, we have
                                                                                                             prudent combination of distributions to
                                                                                                             shareholders in the form of dividends,
                    on a new journey as we                       established three core strategic pillars
                                                                 to take Orora forward:
                                                                                                             investments in the core businesses, plus
                                                                                                             strategic acquisitions that enhance our
                    began to execute our                         1 Optimise & Grow                           product and service offering. Further ad
                    revised business strategy,                   2 Enhance & Expand                          hoc returns of capital, such as the on-
                                                                                                             market buyback undertaken during FY21,
                    the culmination of a                         3 Enter New Segments
                                                                                                             may be undertaken in the future when
                    review undertaken                            The pillars provide a basis for strategic
                                                                 decision making at Orora and help to
                                                                                                             the Board deems appropriate. Any future
                                                                                                             growth initiatives will be assessed in the
                    in FY20.                                     ensure every strategic activity that we     context of a rigorous approach to capital
                                                                 undertake is purposeful and enables Orora   allocation, ensuring only value-adding
                                                                 to capitalise on growth opportunities as    investments that meet Orora’s return
                                                                 they emerge.                                criteria are pursued. We will continue
                                                                                                             to target end-market segments with
                    In FY21, we continued to optimise and        As we work towards our ambition to be a     appealing growth and financial return
                    position Orora for future growth, applying   leading provider of sustainable packaging   characteristics.
                    a disciplined approach to refining and       solutions, we continue to leverage
                    maximising the effectiveness of our core     the Group’s core capabilities while         To drive growth, investment is
                    business, deepening our focus yet again      maintaining our disciplined focus           supplemented by an ongoing focus on
                    on sustainability and innovation, and        on creating value for all stakeholders.     improving operational efficiencies and is
                    finding new and better ways to create                                                    supported by increasing innovation within
                                                                 We generate strong cash flows from core     the base businesses.
                    value for customers and shareholders.
                                                                 business operations and this is expected
                                                                 to continue.




                    ORORA’S STRATEGIC PILLARS

                                                                                                                       ENABLERS

                                                                                                                       Safety
                                                                     1       OPTIMISE AND GROW
                                        To be a leading                                                                Diverse
                                                                                                                       talent
                                     sustainable packaging
                                      soluons company
                                                                                                                       Customer
                                                                           2       ENHANCE AND                         focus
                                                                                   EXPAND
                                      Delivering on the                                                                Operang
                                   promise of what’s inside                                                            excellence

                                                                                                                       Innovaon
                                                                     3       ENTER NEW SEGMENTS
                                                                                                                       Financial                $
                                                                                                                       discipline




                    ORORA LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2021                                                                                                  7
               Orora Group
               strategy update




For personal use only
               PROGRESS AGAINST STRATEGIC PRIORITIES
               In FY21, we focused on a range of strategic priorities across our operating businesses to build a strong and stable foundation for
               Orora to grow sustainably into the future. There was good progress achieved across a number of these priorities during the financial
               year, as outlined below.



                                            OPTIMISE                      ENHANCE                      ENTER NEW                          FY21
                                             & GROW                       & EXPAND                     SEGMENTS                         PROGRESS



                 AUSTRALASIA       • Increase utilisation/      • Build capacity to meet       • E xpand current          • Orora continues to proactively
                 — Beverage           shifts to enhance             increased Cans customer         substrates into new         assess future requirements
                 priorities           production volumes            demand                          categories                  to meet customer needs and
                                   • Continue i4.0 and          • Grow share of wallet         • E xplore potential          growth in Cans demand
                                      Integrated Work               in current markets              ANZ adjacencies          • Slim can expansion at Revesby
                                      System deployment          • Continue developments        • E xplore potential          in New South Wales completed
                                   • Drive supply chain           in light-weighting               offshore entry points    • G2 glass furnace rebuild
                                      excellence                 • Continue to lead digital                                    completed on time and on
                                   • P ursue further               printing capability                                         budget
                                      automation                 • Enhance eCommerce                                        • A nnounced construction of
                                   • Drive increased recycled     capability                                                  cullet beneficiation plant at
                                      content                                                                                  Gawler to help drive increased
                                                                                                                               recycled content in glass
                                                                                                                               bottles
                                                                                                                             • Continued assessment of
                                                                                                                                M&A opportunities in ANZ
                                                                                                                                adjacencies and offshore
                                                                                                                                expansion




                 NORTH AMERICA • Drive account                  • Digitisation of business     • E xpand geographic       • New leadership appointed
                 — OPS priorities profitability                    model (including refreshed       footprint                   in late 2020 delivering on
                                   • Enhance sales force          eCommerce platform)           • E xpand product and         strategic priorities
                                      effectiveness              • E xpand engineering,            service offering         • Material improvement in
                                   • Integration of previous      design and service            • Consider scale              financial performance and
                                      M&A                          capabilities                     expansion                   operating discipline, with
                                                                                                    opportunities               corresponding lift in EBIT
                                                                                                    (including M&A) in          margin
                                                                                                    2022 and beyond          • Significant development
                                                                                                                               work on business model
                                                                                                                               enhancement




                 NORTH AMERICA • Refine core business           • Consolidate digital          • End-to-end review of     • New leadership has stabilised
                 — Orora Visual    processes                        client platforms                strategic direction by      the business, returning Orora
                 priorities     • Harmonise estimation          • E xtend positions in fibre      the end of calendar         Visual to profit and growth
                                    procedures                      printing and horticulture       year 2021                • Well-positioned to benefit
                                   • Enhance sales force                                                                       from improvements in local
                                      effectiveness                                                                             trading conditions
                                                                                                                             • Critical business model
                                                                                                                                enhancements launched,
                                                                                                                                including improved digital
                                                                                                                                and customer interaction

               Moving forward, we will continue to focus on these key priorities.


               8                                                                                                             ORORA LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                    Key strategic pillars were established to focus execution
                    in the near term on initiatives that support Orora’s ambition:
                    to be a leading sustainable packaging solutions company.




For personal use only
                    SHAREHOLDER VALUE BLUEPRINT
                    The strategic pillars also form a critical                   As the diagram shows, we will target a
                    part of Orora’s blueprint for shareholder                    return that represents an appropriate
                    value creation.                                              premium to Orora’s weighted average
                                                                                 cost of capital (WACC) based on the
                    We remain committed to achieving top
                                                                                 risk assessed as associated with the
                    quartile Total Shareholder Return (TSR)
                                                                                 investment. This forms part of our
                    performance for our shareholders by
                                                                                 rigorous approach to capital allocation,
                    executing on our business strategy. Key
                                                                                 allowing us to appropriately make
                    elements which contribute to Orora’s
                                                                                 investment decisions across each pillar.
                    TSR performance are outlined in the
                    blueprint (first released in FY20). These                    Ongoing financial discipline governs the
                    include applying a returns-focused,                          deployment of Orora’s capital for any
                    risk-weighted investment approach                            strategic initiatives.
                    (for capital projects and acquisitions)
                    across each of the three pillars.




                                                                                                       $


                                                  $                                                                                                            $
                          TSR
                                                                                                   $       $



                                         ORGANIC                                                                                                       CAPITAL
                    COMPONENT            GROWTH                                              INVESTMENT                                              MANAGEMENT


                    STRATEGIC
                                                  OPTIMISE                                  ENHANCE               ENTER NEW            BALANCED & DISCIPLINED APPROACH
                       PILLAR
                                                   & GROW                                   & EXPAND              SEGMENTS                  TO CAPITAL ALLOCATION




                    ELEMENT
                                                                                                                                                          Potential
                                Australasia              North             Capital                         Acquisitions             Sustainable           additional          Sensible
                                                        America          investment                                                  dividend              capital            leverage
                                                                                                                                                           returns

                                • GDP sales           • GDP sales       • Enhance digital     • Beverage          • Complementary   • Payout ratio      • Assessed          • Target leverage
                                  growth                growth            capabilities,         footprint           adjacencies —     of 60%—80%          when                at 2.0—2.5x
                                • Enhanced            • Supplemented      particularly          expansion in        near-term       • Franked to the      appropriate         EBITDA
                                  by innovation         by market         in NA                 ANZ and             focus in ANZ      extent possible   • On- or              (excluding
                                  and customer          share gains     • Enhance               offshore                                                  off-market          AASB 16)
                                  wins                  and increased     sustainability,     • Expand                                                    buybacks
                                                        share of          capacity and          aluminium and                                           • Special
                                                        wallet            product               glass product                                             dividends/
                                                                          capabilities          capabilities                                              capital returns
                                                                          across portfolio      in ANZ
                                                                        • Customer-           • Expand product
                                                                          backed growth         and service
                                                                          projects              capabilities in
                                                                                                North America


                                      RETURN TARGETS                     Lower          Premium to WACC                   Higher




                    ORORA LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2021                                                                                                                                            9
               Orora’s approach
               to sustainability




For personal use only
                                                                     OUR APPROACH AND GOVERNANCE
               In financial year 2021,                               Orora’s approach to our People, Planet
               we progressed Orora’s                                 and Prosperity pillars is framed by our
                                                                     obligations as a signatory to the United
               sustainability program,                               Nations Global Compact (UNGC) and
                                                                     informed by work undertaken in 2015
               focused on our current                                and 2018 to understand the external
               three pillars of People,                              and internal sustainability risks and
                                                                     opportunities for Orora’s activities.
               Planet and Prosperity,
                                                                     Orora’s ongoing commitment to
               while we also began work                              assessing opportunities and exposure
               to review and redefine our                            to material risks is in accordance with
                                                                     the ASX Corporate Governance Council’s
               approach to sustainability,                           Recommendation 7.41 , including any
                                                                     exposure to environmental, social or
               elevating our focus for                               climate change risks. The 2018 review,
                                                                                                                           REPORTING ON OUR APPROACH
               the future.                                           re-examined in 2019 and reviewed again
                                                                     during this financial year, determined                We report on our annual sustainability
                                                                     that we do not have a material exposure               activity through Communication on
               Sustainability activity continued to be               to environmental, social or climate                   Progress (CoP) to the UNGC, which
               driven within Australasian Beverage, our              change risks at this time. Detail on our              outlines our activities to further
               North American OPS and Orora Visual                   assessment of material risks, including               implement the Covenant’s Principles
               businesses, and was given increased                   economic risks, is set out separately in              on human rights, labour, environment
               emphasis by the Executive Leadership                  the Corporate Governance Statement                    and anti-corruption. We continue to
               team and the Board.                                   on page 34 of this Annual Report.                     support the CDP2, voluntarily disclosing
               There were significant advances on                    Orora’s sustainability activity is overseen           information under the Climate, Water
               circular economy initiatives in the                   by the Board, the Safety, Sustainability              and Forest Risk CDP sections. As part
               Beverage and Orora Visual businesses,                 & Environment Committee, and the                      of our commitment to sustainable
               and good progress was made towards                    Executive Leadership team, with regular               operations, we improved our scores
               achieving our new five-year Eco Targets               updates and recommendations provided                  from the previous year, achieving a B for
               launched last financial year, focused on              to the Board.                                         Climate, B- for Water and B for Forest
               reducing greenhouse gas emissions,                                                                          Risk. As a signatory to the Australian
               waste to landfill and water usage.                    During FY21, the Safety, Sustainability               Packaging Covenant (APC), we provided
                                                                     & Environment Committee assisted                      an annual report during FY21 and were
                                                                     the Board to provide governance                       again assessed as being in the ‘Leader’
                                                                     and recommendations on all Orora                      category. In addition, we also received
                                                                     sustainability matters including                      a ‘Leading’ rating from the Australian
                                                                     recommended approval of our first                     Council of Superannuation Investors
                                                                     Modern Slavery Statement and the review               following its review of environmental,
                                                                     and development of a redefined approach               social and governance reporting in the
                                                                     to sustainability, which we will begin to             ASX 200 for the period to 31 March 2021.
                                                                     implement in FY22. Increased emphasis
                                                                     on sustainability was incorporated into               As detailed on page 13, during FY21,
                                                                     Executive Leadership team meetings                    Orora’s first Modern Slavery Statement
                                                                     with sustainability becoming a standard               was submitted, in accordance with the
                                                                     agenda item.                                          Commonwealth (Australian) Modern
                                                                                                                           Slavery Act 2018. The Statement is
                                                                                                                           available on the Orora website and forms
                                                                                                                           an important part of our sustainability
                                                                                                                           effort, aligned to our obligations as a
                                                                                                                           signatory to the UNGC.




               1	Recommendation 7.4: A listed entity should disclose whether it has any material exposure to economic, environmental and social sustainability risks and, if
                  it does, how it manages or intends to manage those risks. Source: Corporate Governance Principles and Recommendations, Australian Securities Exchange
                  Corporate Governance Council (4th edition), 2019.
               2	CDP, formerly known as the Carbon Disclosure Project.

               10                                                                                                                      ORORA LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2021
For personal use only
                    People
                    Ensuring the safety,                                    SAFETY AND HEALTH                                       While Lost Time Injuries increased
                                                                                                                                    slightly in FY21, we saw a reduction in
                    health and wellbeing                                    We continue to focus on developing
                                                                            our safety culture and invest in driving
                                                                                                                                    total Recordable Cases. The increase
                                                                                                                                    can largely be attributed to low severity
                    of our team is a                                        safety performance across our business,                 injuries such as minor sprains and strains,
                                                                            supported by our Health Safety &
                    fundamental priority                                    Wellbeing Policy and our Safety
                                                                                                                                    and minor lacerations. Orora recorded
                                                                                                                                    no serious injuries or fatalities during
                    for Orora.                                              Management System.                                      the year and post-incident analysis
                                                                            Following a global safety review by                     conducted via our Incident Reporting &
                                                                            independent consultants at the start of                 Investigation procedure demonstrates
                                                                            FY20, which benchmarked Orora across a                  a 43% improvement in the prevention of
                                                                            range of criteria globally, we continued a              incidents that may have escalated into
                                                                            three-year program to drive improvement                 SIFs, a credit to Orora’s strong focus on
                                                                            in safety, health and wellbeing. The                    managing high-risk work activities. This
                                                                            program is focused on three core areas                  reduction was supported by the rollout
                                                                            and intends to:                                         of several safety behaviour programs,
                                                                               broaden and focus the Safety                        such as the Switch on Safety Leadership
                                                                                                                                    Program in the Beverage business, safety
                                                                               Governance System
                                                                                                                                    observation and near miss reporting
                                                                             restructure the Safety Management
                                                                                                                                    initiatives in Orora Visual, and hazard
                                                                               System                                               and near miss reporting initiatives driven
                                                                             enhance the Serious Injury and Fatality             by OPS.
                                                                               (SIF) Prevention Program.
                                                                            Positive progress has been made to
                                                                            implement plans and actions for these                     ORORA GROUP SAFETY PERFORMANCE3
                                                                            initiatives during the past financial year.
                                                                            We have enhanced our safety governance                    10
                                                                            processes and implemented new high-risk
                                                                            safety procedures for Plant & Equipment,
                                                                            as well as developing new high-risk safety                 8
                                                                                                                                                                          8.1
                                                                            procedures for Traffic Management and
                                                                            Isolation that will soon be implemented. We                           6.9                                 7.1
                                                                                                                                                              6.8                                 6.8
                                                                            will continue this focus into next financial               6
                                                                            year, developing and implementing further
                                                                            high-risk safety procedures to better
                                                                            protect our people. Work is ongoing to                     4
                                                                            refine the SIF Prevention Program, as we
                                                                            continue our focus on managing high-risk
                                                                            activities and improving the effectiveness                 2                            2.3
                                                                            of critical controls.                                                       1.8                                 2.0
                                                                                                                                           1.6                                  1.7
                                                                            Orora’s focus on safety and our Executive
                                                                                                                                       0
                                                                            Leadership team’s commitment to safety
                                                                                                                                            FY17         FY18        FY19       FY204        FY21
                                                                            leadership is also evident in the safety
                                                                            overlay that is applied to the short-term                            Lost Time Injury Frequency Rate (LTIFR)
                                                                            incentive (STI) component of all senior                              Recordable Case Frequency Rate (RCFR)
                                                                            executives’ remuneration.

                        3	Orora’s injury rates are measured using two key metrics, Recordable Case Frequency Rate (RCFR) and the Lost Time Injury Frequency Rate (LTIFR). LTIFR is
                           measured by dividing the total number of Lost Time Injuries in a 12-month period by the total number of hours worked in the same 12-month period, then
                           multiplying by 1,000,000. RCFR is measured by dividing the total number of Recordable Case Injuries (Lost Time Injury, Restricted Work Case & Medical
                           Treatment Injury) in a 12-month period by the total number of hours worked in the same 12-month period, then multiplying by 1,000,000.
                        4 FY20 RCFR and LTIFR restated from as known and reported figures in August 2020, due to reclassification of injuries after year end reporting closed for FY20.

                    ORORA LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2021                                                                                                                                        11
               Orora’s approach
               to sustainability




For personal use only
                                                                Our organisational approach has been            HEALTH AND WELLBEING
                                                                complemented by a range of initiatives
                                                                within our businesses to address specific       Orora’s commitment to team member
                                                                requirements at our sites. In Australasia,      health and wellbeing saw FY21 initiatives
                                                                QR check-in codes and attendance                focused on providing holistic education
                                                                registers were introduced to support            and information to encompass all
                                                                record keeping for contact tracing efforts.     areas of individual wellbeing — from
                                                                Across North America we developed               emotional and physical, to social and
                                                                quarantine protocols, provided onsite           financial. This culminated in virtual
                                                                COVID testing, exposure notifications           webinars during Mental Health Week to
                                                                and support. Teams onsite focused on            encourage connection, online tools such
                                                                the `3W’s‘ — washing hands frequently,          as the Employee Assistance Program
                                                                wearing a face covering or mask and             LifeWorks App and Wellness portal launch,
                                                                watching for social distance. The OPS           and participation in physical activity
                                                                team also developed an innovative               programs designed to increase health
                                                                electronic wristband to alert team              and wellbeing through exercise and
                                                                members when they are too close to              movement.

               Safety during COVID-19                           others to support social distancing.            Orora maintains a zero-tolerance
                                                                While a number of positive cases                approach to alcohol and other drugs in the
               We continue to implement and maintain                                                            workplace and continues to uphold this
               a range of health and safety measures            of COVID-19 have been identified
                                                                at our operations, we have ensured              position across the business, which plays
               in response to the global pandemic, to                                                           a critical role in reducing workplace risk.
               mitigate the risk of transmission into and       comprehensive support is provided to
               at Orora’s sites and workplaces. We have         any team member who tests positive
                                                                                                                DIVERSITY, EQUITY AND INCLUSION
               closely monitored internal and external          and we remain focused on effective case
               data, and regularly reviewed and adjusted        management to preserve the safety of            At Orora, we are strongly committed to
               risk controls where necessary to enhance         close contacts and team members to              developing an inclusive and respectful
               existing measures. Where needed,                 reduce the risk of further transmission.        work environment to optimise
               we introduced additional safety and                                                              diversity of thought and background.
                                                                Supporting change
               protective measures, in compliance with                                                          Bringing together people with different
               or to a higher standard than government          As we experienced ongoing disruption due        backgrounds and ways of thinking
               and health advice across our varied              to COVID-19 and it continued to impact          is a powerful source of competitive
               geographies to further protect Orora             people’s lives at home and at work, the         advantage in driving better decision
               team members who continued to perform            support and care of our workforce was           making, innovation and growth.
               critical duties in support of our role as an     still a significant focus for us during FY21.
                                                                                                                Throughout FY21, Orora expanded the
               essential services provider, including:          Orora offered face-to-face learning where
                                                                                                                efforts of our Diversity, Equity, & Inclusion
                                                                possible and provided virtual/digital
                 establishing crisis management teams                                                        (DE&I) Council to cover all North American
                                                                support mechanisms to ensure that
                     to regularly assess requirements and                                                       operations. DE&I plans were updated
                                                                leadership was undertaken with the
                     respond to situations                                                                      and ‘Unconscious Bias’ training was
                                                                Orora values in mind.
                  developing and implementing COVID                                                          conducted for senior leaders. Refer to
                     Safe Plans (including protective           Many team members across Orora worked           the Corporate Governance Statement on
                     measures verified through regular          remotely and found this new flexibility         page 31 for further information on Orora’s
                     inspections)                               provided a better work-life balance. The        Diversity, Equity and Inclusion practices,
                                                                OPS team in North America adopted a             objectives and gender statistics.
                   updating Orora’s online Safety Incident
                                                                new approach, where each team member
                     Management Platform to include current                                                     As part of our DE&I approach, we
                                                                is able to work in a mode appropriate for
                     COVID-19 reporting data                                                                    continued to build on the success
                                                                their role — be it onsite, from home or for
                   maintaining and embedding flexible                                                         of Women in Leadership at Orora
                                                                the majority, a hybrid approach which
                     work options and arrangements                                                              (WILO) Programs delivered since 2018
                                                                ensures connection and collaboration
                     wherever possible                                                                          across North America, Australia and
                                                                while maintaining a sustainable
                                                                                                                New Zealand, conducting our fifth annual
                   limiting general access at all sites and   level of flexibility for the business. In
                                                                                                                WILO Program during FY21. This was the
                     workplaces unless there was a safety,      Australasia, ongoing flexible working
                                                                                                                first Program that was both global and
                     health or business critical reason for     guidelines were also implemented to
                                                                                                                virtual, including participants from five
                     in-person attendance, with entry           support our team members to work
                                                                                                                different countries across North America
                     granted only on successful completion      flexibly where appropriate for their roles,
                                                                                                                and Australasia.
                     of health assessment requirements.         individual circumstances and business
                                                                requirements.




               12                                                                                                         ORORA LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                    Bringing together people with different backgrounds and ways of
                    thinking is a powerful source of competitive advantage in driving
                    better decision making, innovation and growth.




For personal use only
                                                                                                                     The Statement forms an important
                                                                                                                     part of our global sustainability effort,
                                                                                                                     demonstrating that we are opposed to all
                                                                                                                     forms of modern slavery in our operations
                                                                                                                     and the operations of our suppliers, and
                                                                                                                     that we are committed to identifying,
                                                                                                                     assessing and mitigating human rights
                                                                                                                     impacts, providing access to effective
                                                                                                                     grievance or complaint mechanisms and
                                                                                                                     ensuring continuous improvement to
                                                                                                                     strengthen our actions over time.
                                                                                                                     We continued our human rights and
                                                                                                                     responsible sourcing governance regime
                                                                                                                     through the application of the Modern
                                                                                                                     Slavery Working Group established in
                                                                                                                     the previous financial year. The Working
                                                                                                                     Group continued to report and provide
                                                                                                                     recommendations to the Safety,
                                                                                                                     Sustainability & Environment Committee,
                                                                                                                     the Audit, Risk & Compliance Committee

                                                                        73                   33%
                        ORORA’S WOMEN IN LEADERSHIP
                        PROGRAM GOES GLOBAL                                                                          and the Board.
                        As part of our DE&I approach, we continued to
                                                                                                                     SUPPLIER CODE OF CONDUCT
                        build on the success of Women in Leadership     participants         of WILO
                        at Orora (WILO) Programs delivered since        globally since       graduates have          AND ETHICS
                        2018 across North America, Australia and        2016                 been promoted
                                                                                             to more senior or       Orora continued to apply our Supplier
                        New Zealand, conducting our fifth annual
                                                                                             leadership roles        Code of Conduct and Ethics Policy,
                        WILO Program during FY21. This was the first
                        Program that was both global and virtual.
                                                                                                                     which was implemented in FY20. This
                                                                                                                     Supplier Code complements Orora’s Code
                                                                                                                     of Conduct and Ethics Policy and sets
                                                                                                                     minimum standards for our suppliers and
                    The tailored development and coaching               GLOBAL CULTURE AND VALUES                    their supply chains in line with our values
                    program aims to support Orora’s ability                                                          and our commitment to the Ten Principles
                    to cultivate a diverse leadership talent            Orora conducted a global survey with
                                                                        our team to pulse check our cultural         of the UNGC. Orora’s Supplier Code of
                    pipeline by enabling women to build                                                              Conduct and Ethics Policy is supported
                    their confidence and leadership skills,             alignment with our Values. The results
                                                                        revealed great strengths in safety, pride,   by our Supplier Assurance Framework,
                    and is designed to grow participants’                                                            which aims to identify and mitigate
                    professional networks and create a spirit           commitment, customer focus, strong
                                                                        values and a sense of hope, with safety      potential human rights and environmental
                    of outreach amongst women at Orora.                                                              issues within our supplier base across
                                                                        representing the highest score. The Orora
                    WILO graduates have robust development              leadership team will continue to examine     our Australasian and North American
                    plans to help them apply their WILO                 how we can leverage these strengths to       businesses.
                    learnings to their career aspirations.              further foster team member engagement        Supplier Assurance Framework
                    Orora continues to invest in previous               and a sense of purpose and belonging at      and training
                    WILO participants by utilising WILO                 Orora. Pulse checks will continue to be
                    graduates as coaches for current                    conducted to check cultural alignment        In partnership with external consultants,
                    participants, which also reinforces                 with our Values.                             we have reviewed our Supplier Assurance
                    WILO network connections.                                                                        Framework and are now implementing
                                                                        HUMAN RIGHTS, RESPONSIBLE                    improvements to support and assist
                    We also continue to celebrate the                   SOURCING AND OUR MODERN SLAVERY              our procurement teams to examine any
                    diversity of the LGBTIQ+ community                  STATEMENT                                    potential human rights and modern
                    by educating and raising awareness of                                                            slavery risks. The priority focus of
                    challenges faced, as well as recognising            At Orora, we are committed to protecting     our review was risks that may be
                    and celebrating the inherent and rich               human rights and minimising the risk of      associated with Orora’s cleaning and
                    diversity of our LGBTIQ+ team members               modern slavery in our operations and         labour hire service providers. Human
                    through the Orora Proud initiative.                 supply chain. During FY21, we continued      rights and modern slavery training was
                                                                        to address our obligations as a signatory    also developed and delivered to Orora’s
                                                                        to the UNGC and as noted on page 10, we      Board, Executive team and procurement
                                                                        successfully submitted our first Modern      team members.
                                                                        Slavery Statement in accordance with the
                                                                        Commonwealth Modern Slavery Act 2018.


                    ORORA LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2021                                                                                                         13
               Orora’s approach
               to sustainability




For personal use only
              Planet
               Sustainability is core   CIRCULAR ECONOMY                             Our drive to increase recycled content
                                                                                     was also evident in Beverage Cans, where
               to Orora’s approach      The principles of the circular economy
                                        are central to Orora’s operations as we
                                                                                     we achieved an average of 60% recycled
                                                                                     content in the aluminium flat sheet used
               for reducing our         place a strong emphasis on ensuring our      to manufacture cans during the financial
                                        manufactured packaging is recyclable
               impact on society        and that it contains recycled content. All
                                                                                     year. In North America, Orora Visual
                                                                                     initiated plans that contribute to the
               and the environment,     of our primary manufactured substrates       circular economy through the introduction
                                        are recyclable and over the 2021 financial
               and maintaining the      year we have focused our efforts to
                                                                                     of a printable fabric comprised of
                                                                                     100% recycled content derived from
               respect and support      increase the recycled content of the
                                        packaging we produce, particularly
                                                                                     recycled PET bottles for customers to
                                                                                     use in advertising campaigns. At OPS
               of our people and the    within our Beverage and Orora Visual         we maintained 70% average recycled
                                        businesses.
               communities in which                                                  content in the manufacture of our
                                        At our Beverage glass plant in Gawler,       corrugated board.
               we operate.              South Australia, we continued to elevate     Energy efficiency
                                        our use of recycled glass cullet derived
                                        from government Container Deposit            Under Orora’s CO2e Eco Target, we
                                        Schemes operating in the various states      focused on energy efficiency for both
                                        and territories across Australia. During     gas and electricity in terms of their
                                        the year, we began importing recycled        contribution to reducing our greenhouse
                                        glass cullet from the newly operational      gas emissions over the financial year.
                                        Western Australian Container Deposit         In particular, the Beverage Closures
                                        Scheme, taking the glass recovered           business continued to reduce its energy
                                        from Perth’s metropolitan area and           consumption per unit of production and
                                        feeding it into our furnaces at Gawler       the Glass business tracked to a best ever
                                        to manufacture new glass beverage            yearly energy efficiency performance.
                                        containers for Orora customers. This
                                                                                     Renewable energy
                                        initiative has increased the recycled
                                        content of glass containers produced         We continued to prioritise use of
                                        onsite by an average of 10% and builds       renewable energy via long-term power
                                        on our existing use of recycled glass        purchase agreements with renewable
                                        cullet imported from Container Deposit       energy providers to supply wind-
                                        Schemes in New South Wales and South         generated electricity to our Beverage
                                        Australia. Orora will continue to use        operations in New South Wales, South
                                        approximately 80% of the recycled glass      Australia and Victoria. These agreements
                                        cullet derived from the South Australian     secure the supply of renewable energy for
                                        scheme alone. We will also continue to       volumes equivalent to 80% of our total
                                        pursue and examine ways to maximise          electricity requirements in Australia.
                                        recycled glass cullet use, working closely   We have also joined the South Australian
                                        with our customers and Container Deposit     hub-to-hub Hydrogen Technology
                                        Scheme operators around Australia.           Cluster to examine the development
                                                                                     of a hydrogen industry in Australia
                                                                                     with a specific interest in how this
                                                                                     could be deployed to power Orora glass
                                                                                     manufacturing in the future.




               14                                                                              ORORA LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                        ORORA’S ECO TARGETS




                                  CO2e EMISSIONS                                      WASTE TO LANDFILL                                      WATER USE




For personal use only
                                5% reduction in emissions                              5% reduction in waste to                        5% reduction in water use
                                 ratio intensity FY24                              landfill ratio intensity by FY24                     ratio intensity FY24
                                   from FY20 levels                                        from FY20 levels                               from FY20 levels




                                Production businesses                                  Production businesses                                Production businesses
                             Tonnes CO 2e/tonnes of product                    Tonnes waste to landfill/tonnes of product            Kilolitres water/tonnes of product
                                Distribution businesses                                Distribution businesses                             Distribution businesses
                         Tonnes CO 2e/floor space square metres            Tonnes waste to landfill/floor space square metres   Kilolitres water/floor space square metres




                    ECO TARGETS                                           We continue to review and implement the
                                                                          findings of the Financial Stability Board’s
                    This financial year was the first full year           Task Force on Climate related Financial
                    of operation where we worked towards                  Disclosures (TCFD) with the support of
                    achieving our new five-year Eco Targets               external consultants to better understand
                    that run until 30 June 2024. Our new Eco              the potential impacts of climate change
                    Targets cover the same important areas                on Orora. The outcomes of this work will
                    as the previous five-year Eco Targets                 be completed during the first quarter of
                    that Orora successfully achieved in June              the next financial year. Orora will again
                    2019, aiming to reduce CO2e emissions,                address applicable TCFD disclosure
                    waste to landfill and water use. The Eco              requirements as part of our CDP response
                    Targets are measured as ratios against                for the most recent reporting period1 .
                    metrics that reflect the primary activity
                    of each of our businesses and are divided             FIBRE SOURCING
                    into metrics for production of packaging
                                                                          At Orora, we are committed to the use
                    (measured against tonnes produced), and
                                                                          of fibre from traceable, socially and
                    separately, the distribution of packaging
                                                                          environmentally responsible sources
                    (measured against floor space square
                                                                          in our North American businesses.
                    metres). To date, we have demonstrated
                                                                          Throughout FY21, our Responsible Fibre
                    solid progress towards the FY24 goals and
                                                                          Sourcing Policy, refreshed in FY19,
                    are currently on track to achieve them.
                                                                          continued to be applied across our
                    For the CO2e Eco Target the production                relevant business activities, to ensure we
                    businesses achieved an 8% improvement                 did not directly or indirectly contribute to:
                    and the distribution businesses                         illegal logging or the trade in illegal
                    achieved a 5% improvement. For                              wood or forest products
                    the waste to landfill Eco Target the                     conflict timber or the trade in
                    production businesses achieved a
                                                                                conflict timber
                    13% improvement and the distribution
                    businesses achieved a 19% improvement.                    significant conversion of forests to
                    In regards to the water Eco Target, the                     plantations or non-forest use
                    production businesses achieved a 2%                       destruction of high conservation
                    improvement, while the distribution                         values in forestry operations
                    businesses recorded a 4.3% decrease                       introduction of genetically modified
                    in performance.                                             organisms in forestry operations
                    During FY21, we continued to develop our                   violation of traditional, Indigenous and
                    understanding of the potential impacts                      human rights in forestry operations
                    of climate change on Orora’s operations,                   violation of any of the fundamental
                    an important activity in recognising                        International Labour Organisation
                    our obligations under Principle 7 of the                    Conventions.
                    UNGC and the ASX Corporate Governance
                    Principles and Recommendations                        Orora’s approach to responsible
                    (4th edition). Orora’s work towards our               fibre sourcing is supported by a due
                    CO2e Eco Target over the past six years               diligence framework giving preference
                    has been crucial to recognising Principle             to suppliers with credible, independent
                    7, which requires businesses to support a             chain of custody certification based on
                    precautionary approach to environmental               international standards and transparent
                    challenges. The ongoing Eco Targets                   and traceable supply chains. In North
                    regime will continue to enhance this work.            America, the Sustainable Forestry
                                                                          Initiative certification process is ongoing
                                                                          for several of Orora’s sites.

                    1 The most recent period for CDP reporting is for the financial year ended 30 June 2019.

                    ORORA LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2021                                                                                                                         15
               Orora’s approach
               to sustainability




For personal use only
               Prosperity
               Orora generates           ECONOMIC CONTRIBUTION                        COMMUNITY ENGAGEMENT

               prosperity in a manner    We have a proud history as an
                                         Australian headquartered and listed
                                                                                      At Orora, we aim to make a positive
                                                                                      contribution to the prosperity of the
               that is balanced with     product manufacturing business,              communities in which we operate. In
                                         making significant contributions to          FY21, we commenced our first intake
               the current Planet and    the communities in which we operate.         of mechanical engineering graduates at
               People pillars of our     We generate over $3.5 billion in             Orora Glass. The graduates work onsite
                                         sales revenue, employ approximately          at Gawler and Orora provides financial
               sustainability program.   3,700 team members and operate               support for them to attend University,
                                         96 sites across seven countries.             while they receive additional support
                                         At Orora, we generate prosperity in          from a local technical training program.
                                         a manner that is balanced with the           Additionally, the Orora Cans team
                                         current Planet and People pillars of         distributed over 20,000 cans of water
                                         our sustainability program.                  to the Country Fire Authority and local
                                                                                      primary schools in Southeast Gippsland
                                         VALUE CREATING CUSTOMER                      in Victoria.
                                         RELATIONSHIPS
                                                                                      Across Australia and New Zealand,
                                         Sustainability is integral to Orora’s
                                                                                      we supported ‘R U OK?’ day to promote
                                         customer relationships. We work
                                                                                      awareness of the benefits of connection
                                         constantly with our customers to
                                                                                      for better mental health, encouraging
                                         reduce environmental impacts with a
                                                                                      team members to check in with
                                         commitment to producing packaging that
                                                                                      colleagues, friends or family who may
                                         is both recyclable and containing recycled
                                                                                      be struggling with life’s ups and downs.
                                         content. During FY21, programs were
                                         undertaken with Beverage customers in        At OPS in North America, the Orora
                                         Australia and New Zealand to explore and     Fresh team partnered with United Way
                                         implement light-weighting of packaging,      for their Summer Eats for Kids Program,
                                         including the introduction of the lightest   donating 4,500 boxes to help provide
                                         Sparkling glass bottle in the Australian     low-income kids and families in Windsor,
                                         market at 580 grams, 100 grams lighter       Ontario with nutritious food during the
                                         than any competitor bottle, meaning          summer months when school nutrition
                                         less glass is taken to market and            programs are closed. The Orora Visual
                                         greenhouse gas emissions are reduced.        team conducted food drives around the
                                         We also implemented a closed loop glass      holidays in Chicago, New Jersey and
                                         recycling program with two major wine        Dallas, to donate non-perishable items to
                                         customers, taking waste glass from the       those in need in their local communities.
                                         production process and utilising it to
                                                                                      Partnerships like these reflect Orora’s
                                         manufacture new bottles. Undertaking
                                                                                      commitment to advancing jobs, skills
                                         these and similar initiatives is pivotal
                                                                                      and people, addressing the sustainable
                                         to our commitment to develop the
                                                                                      energy challenge, and recycling for a
                                         circular economy.
                                                                                      sustainable future.




               16                                                                               ORORA LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                    In addition to our existing initiatives, further specific
                    initiatives and goals will elevate our focus on sustainability
                    and contribute to Orora’s achievements for the future.




For personal use only
                    A NEW CHAPTER IN SUSTAINABILITY
                    We have undertaken a comprehensive
                    review of our approach to sustainability,
                    in line with our ambition to be a leading
                    sustainable packaging solutions
                    company. The review involved
                    consultation with functional specialists
                    across all Orora businesses, as well as an
                    assessment of the sustainability areas
                    of greatest relevance and importance to
                    our customers, investors and industry
                    regulators. It was also informed by the
                    independent assessment of Orora’s
                    material risks referred to on page 10.
                    Using insights gathered from the review,
                    we are redefining the pillars forming
                    Orora’s sustainability program in FY22,
                    from People, Planet and Prosperity
                    to Circular Economy, Climate Change
                    and Community.
                    While many of the activities that form
                    each of our pillars remain consistent,
                    the redefined program presents a
                    broader and more aspirational approach
                    to sustainability by Orora and is more
                    closely aligned with the focus areas and
                    expectations of our customers, investors
                    and regulators, and of the broader
                    communities in which we operate. In
                    addition to our existing initiatives, further
                    specific initiatives and goals will elevate
                    our focus on sustainability and contribute
                    to Orora’s achievements for the future.




                    ORORA LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2021                                 17
               GROUP OPERATING AND FINANCIAL REVIEW


               Financial review
               summary




For personal use only
               INCOME STATEMENT 1                                                                                        REVENUE
                                                                                                                         Reported sales revenue was $3,538.0
                AUD million                                                                     2021          2020
                                                                                                                         million, down 0.8% on FY20, but up 7.8%
                Sales revenue                                                                3,538.0       3,566.2       on a constant currency basis.
                Earnings before depreciation, amortisation, interest, related                  369.3         348.6       In Australasia, revenue increased 6.1%,
                income tax expense and significant items                                                                 driven by volume growth in Cans and
                  Depreciation and amortisation                                               (120.2)       (125.3)      Closures. Strong revenue growth in Cans
                                                                                                                         was partially offset by declines in Glass.
                Earnings before interest, related income tax expense and                       249.1         223.3
                significant items                                                                                        In North America, revenue was up 8.2%,
                   Significant items                                                           (38.6)        (137.2)
                                                                                                                         in local currency terms, with OPS and
                                                                                                                         Orora Visual revenue up by 8.3% and 7.7%
                Earnings before interest and related income tax expense                        210.5           86.1      respectively. Reported North American
                Net financing costs                                                            (32.8)         (50.5)     revenue of $2,703.9 million was down
                Income tax expense                                                             (48.0)           (9.0)    2.7%, with a $303.2 million negative
                                                                                                                         FX translational impact on US dollar
                Profit for the financial period from continuing operations                     129.7          26.6       denominated North American sales.

                                                                                                                         EARNINGS BEFORE INTEREST AND TAX
               BALANCE SHEET 2
                                                                                                                         Underlying earnings before interest
                AUD million                                                                     2021          2020       and tax (EBIT) was $249.1 million, up
                Cash                                                                            50.6         107.3       11.6% on FY20 (up 17.3% on a constant
                                                                                                                         currency basis).
                Other current assets                                                           930.2         948.1
                Property, plant and equipment                                                  627.5         671.7
                                                                                                                         In the Australasian business, the increase
                                                                                                                         in EBIT was driven by stronger volumes
                Right-of-use lease assets                                                      200.5         217.3
                                                                                                                         in Cans and Closures, partly offset by
                Intangible assets                                                              411.2         434.0       declines in Glass and cost headwinds
                Other non-current assets                                                       104.6         119.8       associated with higher energy and
                Total assets                                                                 2,324.6       2,498.2       insurance costs.
                Borrowings                                                                     503.5         399.4
                                                                                                                         The North American businesses
                                                                                                                         delivered significantly improved financial
                Lease liabilities                                                              252.8         279.4
                                                                                                                         performance, with reported EBIT
                Payables and provisions                                                        799.7         789.2       increasing 28.8% on the prior year to
                Total equity                                                                   768.6       1,030.2       $98.8 million (up 43.0% on a constant
                Total liabilities and equity                                                 2,324.6       2,498.2       currency basis). This was a result of
                                                                                                                         revenue growth and an ongoing focus on
                                                                                                                         profit improvement initiatives, with OPS
               CASH FLOW3                                                                                                margins improving by 80bps to 4.4%.
                                                                                                                         US dollar earnings were translated at
                AUD million                                                                     2021          2020       AUD/USD ~74.7 cents in FY21, compared
                Earnings before depreciation, amortisation, interest, related                  369.3         348.6       to ~67.1 cents in the prior year.
                income tax expense and significant items
                Right-of-use asset lease payments                                               (59.4)        (65.5)
                Non-cash items                                                                   27.7          29.5
                Movement in total working capital                                               (61.6)        (69.6)
                Net base capital expenditure                                                    (30.0)        (73.2)
                Underlying operating cash flow                                                 246.0         169.8
                Cash significant items                                                          (33.8)        (42.1)
                Operating free cash flow                                                       212.2          127.7




               1	Represents continuing operations only, as reported in the Segment Note contained within the
                  Financial Statements (refer note 1) with the exception of net unallocated financing costs and income
                  tax expense, which is not included in the Segment Note.
               2	IFRS compliant information extracted from the audited Financial Statements.
               3	Operating free cash flow includes principal lease and interest payments associated with right-of-use
                  assets as reported per the Segment Note in the Financial Statements (refer note 1).


               18                                                                                                                  ORORA LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                    SIGNIFICANT ITEM EXPENSE                            We remain well within all debt covenant         CAPITAL MANAGEMENT
                    Orora recorded an after-tax significant             requirements.                                   During FY21, Orora purchased 89.3 million




For personal use only
                    item expense of $20.9 million. This                 The $10.5 million increase in payables          shares (representing 9.3% of issued
                    comprised of:                                       and provisions was driven primarily by an       capital) as part of an on-market buyback,
                      An incremental net gain from the disposal       increase in underlying payables across          which was announced in August 2020.
                        of the Australasian Fibre business              the businesses and the recognition of           Shares were bought back for a total outlay
                        (“Fibre”) of $1.5 million ($6.1 million after   additional SI provisions during the year,       of $256.2 million and a volume weighted
                        tax benefit) arising from the post 30 June      partially offset by foreign currency            average price of $2.87 per share.
                        2020 completion accounts process                translation impacts (a decrease of              When combined with the capital return and
                        reported in the first half of FY21. The first   $28.2 million). The net lease liability         special dividend payments made during
                        half gain after tax benefit of $12.8 million    position declined $9.8 million. The net         FY20, the buyback brings the total returns
                        was offset in the second half by the            lease liability position remained broadly       of capital made to shareholders since the
                        recognition of additional costs and             in line year on year, with $4.3 million         disposal of the Australasian Fibre business
                        obligations associated with the sale.           of the net movement due to foreign              (“Fibre”) to $856.2 million, in addition
                                                                        currency translation. ROU leases relate         to ordinary dividends. Consistent with a
                        Following recent significant
                                                                        predominantly to the North American             focus on the disciplined pursuit of growth
                         developments associated with                   businesses, with very few leases in
                         unprecedented rainfall levels and                                                              and capacity enhancement investment
                                                                        Australasia.                                    opportunities, we continue to maintain a
                         unforeseen complexities related to
                         the remediation requirements of the                                                            strong balance sheet, providing operating
                                                                        CASH FLOW
                         former Petrie mill site, additional costs                                                      and strategic flexibility.
                                                                        Increased earnings were converted
                         of $38.6 million ($27.0 million after tax)
                         were recognised in FY21 in respect of
                                                                        into cash with operating cash flow of           CORPORATE
                                                                        $246.0 million, up by $76.2 million or          Corporate costs have been allocated
                         estimated costs to complete.
                                                                        44.9%. Cash conversion of 72.9% was             directly to the business segments.
                    BALANCE SHEET                                       stronger than 54.3% reported in the
                                                                        prior year.                                     In May 2021, Orora refinanced a
                    Total assets decreased by $173.6 million                                                            $350.0 million syndicated facility.
                    or 6.9% in FY21.                                    Main movements of note in cash flow             The refinanced facility will mature in
                                                                        include an increase in cash EBITDA of           November 2024. Commercial terms and
                    A more centralised approach to cash                 8.0% (sum of EBITDA and non-cash items),
                    management designed to reduce cash                                                                  composition of the lending syndicate
                                                                        broadly in line with lease adjusted earnings,   were not materially changed.
                    in offshore accounts and enable debt                as well as an increase in trade receivables,
                    reduction resulted in lower cash balances,          in line with increased sales.                   We have substantial headroom under our
                    down $56.7 million to $50.6 million. On                                                             existing debt facilities, with a $35.0 million
                    an underlying basis, trade receivables              Lower base capex of $31.9 million               bilateral facility maturing in January 2022
                    increased in North America and across               compared to $83.2 million in FY20 reflects      (undrawn at 30 June 2021) and no material
                    Australasia, reflecting increased sales,            the impact of the G2 rebuild at Gawler          maturities thereafter until July 2023.
                    while underlying inventory levels remained          of ~$50.0 million in FY20. Gross capex          Reflecting the strength of the Group’s
                    relatively flat versus the prior year.              (base and growth) was ~84% of underlying        balance sheet and liquidity position, a
                                                                        depreciation for the year.                      range of committed bilateral facilities
                    Net property, plant and equipment (“PP&E”)
                    decreased by $44.2 million, which includes                                                          that were established during FY20 were
                                                                        WORKING CAPITAL
                    a foreign currency translation impact                                                               either not renewed upon maturity or were
                                                                        During FY21, average total working capital      converted to lower cost uncommitted lines
                    (decrease) of ~$11.0 million. Capex for
                                                                        to sales was 6.4% (8.3% in FY20), with the      during FY21.
                    FY21 was $57.1 million and included
                                                                        decrease largely attributable to increased
                    spend on the Revesby small format can
                    line, preliminary work on the new glass
                                                                        sales and reduced average working capital       PETRIE DECOMMISSIONING
                                                                        balances.                                       The decommissioning of the former Petrie
                    beneficiation plant at Gawler and a new
                    folder gluer in OPS. Depreciation for the           The medium-term management target for           mill site is progressing but continues to
                    period was $68.1 million (excluding ROU             average total working capital to sales is       be a significant and complex exercise
                    assets). A decrease in intangible assets            less than 10.0%.                                involving multiple government agencies.
                    was largely driven by foreign currency                                                              A further $38.6 million ($27.0 million
                    impacts ($30.0 million). Investments                DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS                         after tax) was recognised in respect
                    of ~$20.0 million were made in digital              On 30 April 2020, Orora completed the           of estimated costs to complete during
                    platforms and software upgrades,                    disposal of the Australasian Fibre business     FY21 ($29.3 million was expensed in the
                    and amortisation for the period was                 (“Fibre”) to a wholly owned subsidiary of       second half of FY21 or $20.5 million after
                    $7.9 million.                                       Nippon Paper Industries Co., Limited for        tax). Approximately $28.4 million was
                                                                        an enterprise value of $1,720.0 million.        spent on decommissioning during the
                    Net debt increased by $160.8 million
                                                                        Net proceeds received in FY20 were              year. Recent significant developments
                    during the year with the main driver being
                                                                        $1,637.0 million. The finalisation of the       associated with unprecedented rainfall
                    $256.2 million spent on the buyback. This
                                                                        working capital completion account              levels and unforeseen complexities related
                    was partially offset by increased operating
                                                                        adjustment process in FY21 resulted in          to the remediation of the most technically
                    cash flow, the receipt of a tax refund
                                                                        further net cash inflows of $20.7 million.      complex remaining areas have, resulted
                    and settlement of the working capital
                                                                        A further $32.2 million is to be received       in increases to the estimated costs
                    completion account adjustment process
                                                                        in FY22 related to the deferred settlement      to complete.
                    in connection with the disposal of the
                    Australasian Fibre business (“Fibre”) in the        of two properties.
                    first half. The foreign currency translation
                    impact was a decrease of $26.0 million.


                    ORORA LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2021                                                                                                             19
               Operational review
               Australasia1




For personal use only
                                                                   KEY POINTS
               The Australasian                                     Sales were up by 6.1% to $834.1 million in Australasia.
               Beverage business                                    
                                                                    EBIT  increased by 2.5% from the prior year to $150.3 million — a solid
               delivered a solid result                             result in the face of significant headwinds, including the impact of
               in FY21 and continued to                             tariffs imposed on wine exports to China.
               demonstrate diversified                               increase in EBIT was driven primarily by stronger volumes across Cans,
                                                                    An
                                                                    with all sites moving to 24/7 operations in response to higher demand, and
               strength and resilience                              partially offset by declines in Glass as a result of a reduction in volumes in
               as a leading supplier of                             the second half as the impact of lower exports to China crystallised.
               Cans, Glass and Wine                                 A continuing skew in product mix towards grocery channels and at-home
               Closures in Australia                                 consumption, and increased energy and insurance costs impacted
               and New Zealand.                                      sales margins.
                                                                    
                                                                    Return on Average Funds Employed was down slightly to 25.4%,
                                                                    with higher earnings offset by recent capital upgrades.
                                                                    Cash conversion increased on the prior year at 72.2%, up from 58.1%.




                                                                   EARNINGS2
                                                                   AUD million                               FY21             FY20         Change %
                                                                   Sales revenue                             834.1           785.9              6.1%
                                                                   EBIT   3
                                                                                                             150.3           146.6              2.5%
                                                                   EBIT margin %                            18.0%            18.6%
                                                                   RoAFE 4                                  25.4%            27.0%


                                                                   SEGMENT CASH FLOW
                                                                   AUD million                               FY21             FY20         Change %
                                                                   EBITDA5                                   197.8           191.5              3.3%
                                                                   Leases                                     (6.0)            (6.1)
                                                                   Non-cash items                             27.1             21.0
                                                                   Cash EBITDA                               218.9           206.4              6.1%
               1	The financial information provided represents
                  Orora’s continuing Australasia operating         Movement in total working capital         (41.7)           (35.1)
                  segment.
                                                                   Base capex                                (18.9)           (60.8)
               2	As reported in the Segment Note contained
                  within the Financial Statements, refer note 1.   Sale proceeds                              (0.3)             9.5
               3	Earnings before interest, related income tax
                  expense and significant items.                   Operating cash flow                       158.0           120.0             31.7%
               4	Return on Average Funds Employed (RoAFE) is
                  calculated as EBIT divided by average funds      Cash significant items                    (28.5)           (20.6)
                  employed.
               5	Earnings before depreciation, amortisation,      Operating free cash flow                  129.5            99.4
                  interest and related income tax expense and      Cash conversion                          72.2%            58.1%
                  significant items.


               20                                                                                                     ORORA LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                    PERFORMANCE HIGHLIGHTS



                                                                                                        FY21                             834.1


                                                                                                        FY20                           785.9
                                             Sales revenue                                                           EBIT 3
                                              (AUD million)                                                       (AUD million)




For personal use only
                                    $834.1m                                                                $150.3m
                                 FY21                             834.1                                 FY21                         150.3


                                 FY20                           785.9                                   FY20                        146.6




                                               6.1%                                                                  2.5%

                                 FY21                         150.3


                              FY20
                    BEVERAGE CANS                             146.6
                                                                  We continue to work closely with our         Federal and State Government funding of
                                                                  customers to address the impacts of          ~$8 million has been received to support
                    Earnings grew strongly on the prior year,     Chinese tariffs on bottled wine exports.     this development through the Recycling
                    with an increase in volumes across all                                                     Modernisation Fund. The new plant will
                    categories reflecting increased levels of     BEVERAGE CLOSURES                            enable us to increase recycled glass
                    at-home consumption. All sites moved to                                                    content to ~60%, further progressing
                    24/7 operations during the second half        Closure volumes were up on the prior year
                                                                                                               Orora’s sustainability agenda.
                    of FY21 in response to strong demand,         reflecting increased levels of at-home
                    with first and second half volumes both       consumption, with earnings broadly in line   Beverage Cans and Glass continue to
                    up on their respective prior comparative      with FY20. Chinese tariffs have not had      focus on operational excellence through
                    periods.                                      an impact on closures, as exports to China   Advanced Manufacturing, including data
                                                                  predominantly relate to cork closures.       analytics and Integrated Work Systems
                    Strong volume growth was underpinned                                                       deployment. In line with this strategy,
                    by increased demand in carbonated             INNOVATION AND GROWTH UPDATE                 investment has continued in the Industry
                    soft drinks, and both craft beer and                                                       4.0 plant efficiency initiative. The
                    mainstream beer segments benefitted           Investment in our Beverage business has
                                                                  continued, with $34.2 million of growth      data analytics platform has now been
                    from a preference shift from glass to                                                      rolled out to all Cans sites and in Glass,
                    can format. Volumes also increased in         and base capital expenditure during
                                                                  FY21. This included the installation of      providing better data to problem solve
                    non-alcoholic beverages such as still                                                      and improve efficiencies.
                    and sparkling water, and other alcoholic      small format can capability at Revesby,
                    beverages such as seltzers and wine.          which complements our existing small         We continue to invest in capacity and
                                                                  format can capability at Rocklea and Wiri,   innovation to produce best in class
                    BEVERAGE GLASS                                and further enhances our ability to meet     products and services. In Glass, we have
                                                                  customer preferences and demand.             invested ~$250 million in the world-class
                    Overall volumes in FY21 reflect the
                                                                  Reflecting a strong customer-led             Gawler facility since the demerger in
                    reduced bottled wine exports to China,
                                                                  outlook for can volume growth, capacity      FY14, including the G2 furnace rebuild,
                    with growth in beer and other beverage
                                                                  expansion plans continue to progress.        capacity expansions, mould insourcing,
                    categories providing a partial offset.
                                                                  Work is likely to commence during FY22       system upgrades and highly automated
                    An ongoing focus on operational cost          on the installation of a new can line at     onsite warehouse capacity. In Cans, we
                    improvement and the benefits of the           an existing site at a cost of ~$70 million   maintain our market leading decoration
                    warehouses commissioned in FY20 have          to $80 million once customer contracts       and differentiation capabilities while
                    flowed as anticipated in FY21. Glass          are secured.                                 we continue to explore a number of
                    earnings were in line with expectations,                                                   innovative concepts in aluminium
                    but down on the prior year due to a           We continue to seek further opportunities    containers. The Cans business has also
                    reduction in volumes in the second            to source recycled content in our            seen significant investment in capacity
                    half as the impact of lower exports to        Australasian business. In FY21, we began     and capability of ~$90 million since
                    China crystallised, a shift in Glass mix      utilising glass cullet from the new West     the demerger.
                    to other lower margin beer and beverage       Australian Container Deposit Scheme.
                                                                  This is in addition to cullet already used   Quality and service remain of paramount
                    categories, and the impact of increased
                                                                  from the South Australian and New            importance for the Australian Beverage
                    energy and insurance costs.
                                                                  South Wales schemes. Construction of         team, and investments in eCommerce
                    Good progress has been made to redeploy       an advanced glass beneficiation plant is     enhancements continue to drive and
                    Glass capacity into new segments,             underway at Gawler at an estimated cost      support customer engagement.
                    diversify production capabilities and         of ~$25.0 million, with commissioning
                    expand customer portfolios.                   expected in the second half of FY22.


                    ORORA LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2021                                                                                                   21
               Operational review
               North America




For personal use only
                                                                    KEY POINTS
               Our North American                                    Local currency sales revenue grew by 8.2% to US$2,019.8 million,
               businesses, OPS and                                    with year on year growth achieved by both OPS and Orora Visual
               Orora Visual delivered                                 despite difficult retail conditions.

               strong improvements                                   EBIT increased by a significant 43.0% in local currency terms, with
                                                                      a continued focus on profit improvement programs, efficiency and
               in operating and                                       cost reduction resulting in North American EBIT margins growing
               financial performance,                                 by 90bps to 3.7%.
               demonstrating the                                     Orora Visual delivered a positive full year EBIT result, comparing favourably
               benefits of a continued,                               to a prior year loss.
               disciplined focus on the                              A material and sustainable increase in OPS EBIT margins has put us on track
               execution of strategy.                                 to achieve a greater than 5.0% EBIT margin over the next two to three years.
                                                                     On the back of improved earnings, operating cash flow increased by 76.7%
                                                                     to $88.0 million, with cash conversion also increasing significantly from
                                                                     46.9% in FY20 to 74.1%.
                                                                     RoAFE increased to 15.0%, up from 8.9% in the prior year in line with
                                                                      higher earnings.


                                                                    EARNINGS1
                                                                    AUD million                                FY21             FY20         Change %
                                                                    Sales revenue                           2,703.9          2,780.3            (2.7%)
                                                                    EBIT   2
                                                                                                               98.8              76.7           28.8%
                                                                    EBIT margin %                              3.7%             2.8%
                                                                    RoAFE3                                     15.0             8.9%

                                                                    USD million                                FY21             FY20         Change %
                                                                    Sales revenue                           2,019.8           1,866.4            8.2%
                                                                    EBIT                                       73.8              51.6           43.0%


                                                                    SEGMENT CASH FLOW
                                                                    AUD million                                FY21             FY20         Change %
                                                                    EBITDA4                                   171.5             157.1            9.2%
                                                                    Lease repayments                          (53.4)            (59.4)
                                                                    Non-cash items                              0.6               8.5
                                                                    Cash EBITDA                               118.7            106.2            11.8%
                                                                    Movement in total working capital          (19.9)           (34.5)
                                                                    Base capex                                 (13.0)           (22.4)
               1	As reported in the Segment Note contained
                   within the Financial Statements, refer note 1.   Sale proceeds                               2.2               0.5
               2	Earnings before interest, related income tax
                   expense and significant items.                   Operating cash flow                        88.0             49.8            76.7%
               3	Return on Average Funds Employed (RoAFE) is
                                                                    Cash significant items                      (5.3)           (21.5)
                   calculated as EBIT divided by average funds
                   employed.                                        Operating free cash flow                   82.7             28.3
               4 	Earnings before depreciation, amortisation,
                   interest and related income tax expense and      Cash conversion                           74.1%           46.9%
                   significant items.

               22                                                                                                       ORORA LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                    PERFORMANCE HIGHLIGHTS



                                                                                                                    FY21                          2,019.8


                                                                                                                    FY20                      1,866.4
                                              Sales revenue                                                               EBIT 2
                                               (USD million)                                                           (USD million)




For personal use only
                                 $2,019.8m                                                                          $73.8m
                                     FY21                            2,019.8                                        FY21                 73.8


                                     FY20                          1,866.4                                          FY20         51.6




                                                 8.2%                                                                      43.0%

                                     FY21                   73.8


                                 FY20
                    IMPACT OF COVID-19              51.6             ORORA VISUAL                                   The path to historic EBIT margins also
                                                                                                                    continues to gain momentum, with OPS
                    The impact of COVID-19 on North                  The Orora Visual team delivered a positive     on track to achieve a greater than 5.0%
                    America’s retail landscape during FY21           full year EBIT result. This compared           EBIT margin in the next two to three years.
                    was significant. Both OPS and Orora Visual       favourably to a prior year loss and was        Success achieved to date highlights the
                    were classified and operating as essential       achieved together with a 7.7% increase         positive impact of the work undertaken,
                    services during the year and pleasingly,         in revenue on a constant currency basis,       with further benefits expected to be
                    both have returned to revenue growth, with       with second half performance more than         realised over FY22 and beyond.
                    trading conditions progressively improving       offsetting a constant currency revenue
                    over the course of the second half. Our          decline in the first half, compared to the     At OPS, we continue to invest in new digital
                    North American businesses continued to           prior comparative period.                      platforms to replace legacy web portals
                    successfully manage the safety of our                                                           and to enable customers to transact
                                                                     These results reflect an ongoing focus on      digitally with customised product offerings
                    people and provide effective services to our
                                                                     the execution of cost control measures,        via digital channels. The OPS omnichannel
                    customers, while focusing on a realignment
                                                                     together with a shift in focus to defensive    strategy is designed to integrate all
                    of operating costs commensurate with
                                                                     markets such as food, beverage and             channels of customer engagement and
                    prevailing volumes.
                                                                     horticulture — segments which now              improve the overall customer experience.
                    ORORA PACKAGING SOLUTIONS                        represent over 37% of the revenue base         It is now expected to launch in FY22 after
                                                                     at Orora Visual.                               COVID-19 related delays this year.
                    The OPS team delivered constant currency
                    revenue growth of ~8.3% compared to the          This improved operating performance has        Automation at Orora Fresh in Canada
                    prior year. Both EBIT and EBIT margins were      offset the continuing impact of COVID-19,      continues, and will remove manual work
                    higher than the prior comparative periods in     which has created challenging trading          processes and drive out costs. We have
                    both the first and second halves of FY21.        conditions, with retail store closures         also committed capital to improving the
                                                                     and the deferral of promotional programs       Pollock Manufacturing capability.
                    On a full year basis, OPS EBIT margins           — particularly in the first half of the
                    increased by 80bps to 4.4% from 3.6%,            financial year.                                At Orora Visual, our strategy remains to
                    noting the impact of seasonality between                                                        utilise the national footprint, creative
                    the first and second half. This material         INNOVATION AND GROWTH UPDATE                   resources and breadth of in-house
                    and sustainable increase is the result                                                          services and manufacturing capabilities
                                                                     In both OPS and Orora Visual, the leadership
                    of ongoing execution of the OPS profit                                                          to deliver impactful visual communication
                                                                     teams have been focused on establishing
                    improvement program, focused on margin                                                          solutions for our customers. New fabric
                                                                     platforms that facilitate a scalable value
                    recovery and efficiency/cost reduction.                                                         lines commissioned in Orange County and
                                                                     proposition in their respective businesses.
                    This program continues to gain momentum                                                         New Jersey in FY20 supported fulfilment
                    and will be ongoing throughout FY22.             Strategically, OPS continues to focus          of customer demand to drive an increase
                                                                     on providing customised solutions that         in revenue across segments including
                    Improved performance in FY21 was driven
                                                                     enhance the value of our customers’            beauty, home and apparel during FY21.
                    by the full year benefit of headcount
                                                                     products and services whilst also reducing     These fabric lines continue to gain traction
                    reductions made in FY20; a detailed
                                                                     the costs of their packaging. Our OPS          with further increases in demand driving
                    focus on cost to serve and maintaining
                                                                     profit improvement program is being            even higher utilisation throughout the year.
                    pricing discipline, particularly in response
                                                                     well executed by the team with positive        Orora Visual also continues to invest in
                    to upstream pricing changes; plus an
                                                                     momentum building. The improvement in          digital technology including customer and
                    ongoing focus on further leveraging the
                                                                     earnings on the prior year has been achieved   consumer engagement capability and
                    ERP and associated data analytics to
                                                                     despite the ever-present impacts of the        on demand print solutions.
                    provide additional transparency to sales
                                                                     pandemic. New initiatives will continue to
                    representatives to enhance decision
                                                                     be implemented throughout FY22.
                    making and effectiveness.
                    ORORA LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2021                                                                                                          23
               Corporate Governance
               Statement
                                                               THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS                               satisfying itself that the Board reporting
                                                                                                                     framework is appropriate and, where
                                                               Role of the Board                                     required, providing constructive




For personal use only
                                                               The Board is responsible for the                      feedback to challenge the CEO and
                                                               governance of the Company and is                      senior management
                                                               accountable to shareholders for guiding              ensuring provision of adequate,
                                                               and monitoring the effective management               accurate and timely information to the
                                                               and performance of the Company.                       market of all material information and
               The Board is committed to achieving             The Board has adopted a Board Charter
                                                                                                                     developments relating to the Company
               and demonstrating standards of                  which sets out how its role, powers and              adopting appropriate procedures
               corporate governance appropriate                responsibilities are exercised, having                to ensure compliance with all laws,
               to the operations and size of the               regard to principles of good corporate                governmental regulations and
                                                               governance, market practice and                       accounting standards
               Company, and continuing to refine
                                                               applicable laws.                                     reviewing and, to the extent necessary,
               and improve Orora’s governance
                                                                                                                     amending the Board and Committee
               framework and practices to                      The Board operates in accordance with
                                                                                                                     Charters.
               ensure they meet the interests of               the Company’s Constitution, the relevant
                                                               laws and ASX listing rules, and the                 Board composition and succession
               shareholders and other stakeholders.            principles set out in its Board Charter,
                                                               which is publicly available on Orora’s              The Board is committed to ensuring
                                                               website.                                            that it is comprised of individuals who
               The Board of Directors of Orora Limited
                                                                                                                   collectively have the appropriate skills
               and its subsidiaries (Orora or the Company)     Responsibilities of the Board                       and experience to develop and support
               believe good corporate governance:
                                                                                                                   the Board’s responsibilities and Company
                is an integral part of the culture and      The Board’s responsibilities, as
                                                                                                                   objectives. The Board’s composition is
                   business practices of the Company; and      summarised in the Board Charter, include:
                                                                                                                   determined based on criteria set out in
                 will add to Orora’s performance to create    defining the Company’s purpose and
                                                                                                                   the Company’s Constitution and the Board
                   shareholder value, while having regard            approving and monitoring management’s         Charter, including:
                   to other stakeholders and an appropriate          development and implementation of the           a majority of Independent Non-Executive
                   risk and return framework.                        Group’s strategy, plans and core values
                                                                                                                      Directors and a Non-Executive Director
                                                                     of the Group
               The Board is committed to achieving and                                                                as Chair
                                                                    setting the risk appetite within which the
               demonstrating standards of corporate                                                                  the Board having an appropriate mix
                                                                    Board expects management to operate
               governance appropriate to the operations                                                               of skills, knowledge, experience,
                                                                reviewing, approving and monitoring
               and size of the Company, and continuing                                                                independence and diversity necessary
               to refine and improve Orora’s governance             the Company’s risk policy and risk                to review and approve the strategic
               framework and practices to ensure they               management systems (for both financial            directions of the Group, and to guide
               meet the interests of shareholders and               and non-financial risks), including internal      and monitor management
               other stakeholders.                                  compliance and control mechanisms                re-election of Directors at least every
                                                                overseeing
                                                                                 the Group’s accounting
               The Board has adopted a suite of                                                                       three years (except for the Managing
                                                                     and corporate reporting systems and              Director and Chief Executive Officer).
               Charters and key corporate governance                 disclosures
               documents which articulate the policies          approving
                                                                                                                  The Directors of the Company as at
               and procedures followed by Orora. These                           the overall remuneration
                                                                                                                   the date of this Statement are set out
               documents are publicly available on                   policy and remuneration of Non-
                                                                                                                   below. Details of each Director’s tenure,
               Orora’s website at www.ororagroup.com                 Executive Directors, the CEO and senior
                                                                                                                   experience, expertise and qualifications
               under the “Investors” section. This                   management, including any incentive
                                                                                                                   are set out on page 38 of this Annual
               website is reviewed and updated regularly             and/or equity plans
                                                                                                                   Report and on Orora’s website.
               to ensure that it reflects Orora’s most          overseeing, with recommendations from
                                                                                                                     A R H (Rob) Sindel (Chair) — Independent
               recent governance information.                        the Human Resources Committee, that
                                                                                                                      Non-Executive Director
                                                                     the remuneration policy is aligned with
               This statement summarises Orora’s                     the Company’s purpose, core values,             B P (Brian) Lowe — Managing Director
               main corporate governance practices                   strategic objectives and risk appetite           and Chief Executive Officer (CEO)
               for the reporting period, being the year                                                              A P (Abi) Cleland — Independent
               that ended 30 June 2021, which comply             receiving information regarding
                                                                     material breaches of the Company’s              Non-Executive Director
               with the Australian Securities Exchange
                                                                     Code of Conduct and Ethics, Anti-               T J (Tom) Gorman — Independent
               (ASX) Corporate Governance Council’s
               Corporate Governance Principles and                   bribery and Anti-Corruption Policy and           Non-Executive Director
               Recommendations 4th Edition (ASX                      reports of material incidents under the         S L (Sam) Lewis — Independent
               Principles).                                          Whistleblower Policy                             Non-Executive Director
                                                                  determining
                                                                                   the size, composition and        J L (Jeremy) Sutcliffe — Independent
               This Corporate Governance Statement is                structure of the Board, and the process
               current as at 19 August 2021 and has been                                                             Non-Executive Director
                                                                     for evaluating its performance
               approved by the Board.                                                                              The Board periodically reviews its
                                                                  approving and removing the CEO and
                                                                     Company Secretary, and approving              composition, and tenure and succession
                                                                     and reviewing succession plans for            of the Directors, upon input and
                                                                     the Non-Executive Directors, CEO              recommendation from the Nomination
                                                                     and senior management                         Committee.


               24                                                                                                            ORORA LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                    BOARD SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE
                    Board skills matrix




For personal use only
                    The Board recognises the importance of having Directors with a broad range of skills, backgrounds, expertise, diversity and
                    experience in order to facilitate constructive decision making and facilitate good governance processes and procedures. The
                    Company has established a Board skills matrix relevant to the Company and currently represented on the Board. A regular
                    assessment of the optimum mix of these skills and experience is computed and takes into account the strategic positioning of
                    the Company. A summary of the main skills and experience of the Board as applicable to its strategic objectives is set out in the
                    skills matrix below.
                    The skills attributed to each Director recognise their experience acquired through previous executive or non-executive director
                    roles. The Board has unfettered access to the Company’s senior management team and external consultants for required expertise,
                    including in respect of digital data and technology capabilities. The Board considers that there are currently no significant gaps
                    in the skill set that it seeks to have represented on the Board, and that the skills and experience of the Directors are relevant and
                    appropriate to Orora.

                        Skill/Experience                                                                                      Directors with Skill/Experience

                                           Strategic Thinking
                                           Experience in developing and implementing enterprise-wide successful
                                           strategies, and an effective capital management framework, including
                                           appropriately questioning and challenging management on the delivery of
                                                                                                                                                                6/6
                                           agreed strategic planning objectives.

                                           Workplace Safety and Health
                                           Senior executive or substantial board experience in key workplace safety and
                                           health risks, including management, performance and governance of workplace
                                           safety and health.
                                                                                                                                                                4/6
                                           Financial Acumen

                                                                                                                                                                6/6
                                           Experience in financial accounting and reporting, corporate finance and
                                           restructuring, corporate transactions, including ability to evaluate the
                                           adequacies of financial and risk controls and understand key financial drivers
                                           of the business.

                                           Technology and Innovation
                                           Experience in oversight, adoption and implementation of technology and
                                           innovation to support growth and drive competitive advantage, the ability
                                           to understand key factors relevant to Orora including digital disruption,
                                                                                                                                                                3/6
                                           opportunities and risks.

                                           Remuneration, Reward, People and HR
                                           Senior executive or substantial board experience leading people, oversight
                                           of culture and organisational design, remuneration frameworks that attract
                                           and retain a high calibre workforce and a culture that promotes inclusion
                                                                                                                                                                5/6
                                           and diversity.

                                           Sustainability and Environment
                                           Senior executive or substantial board experience in management, performance
                                           and governance of sustainability, environmental and social responsibility
                                           initiatives, risks and opportunities including in relation to sustainability and
                                                                                                                                                                4/6
                                           climate change.

                                           Corporate Governance
                                           Experience with a major organisation that is subject to rigorous governance
                                           standards, a proven track record of leadership and governance skills and
                                           demonstrated behaviours consistent with Orora’s values, and an awareness
                                                                                                                                                                6/6
                                           of global practices and trends.

                                           Relevant Industry Experience

                                                                                                                                                                5/6
                                           Senior executive or substantial board experience in a number of relevant
                                           industries, including packaging, manufacturing, FMCG, food and beverage,
                                           recycling, industrials and logistics, product or customer strategy.


                                           Risk Management

                                                                                                                                                                6/6
                                           Senior executive or substantial board experience in understanding,
                                           identifying and monitoring key existing and emerging risks to an organisation
                                           and implementing appropriate risk management frameworks, procedures
                                           and controls.


                    ORORA LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2021                                                                                                             25
               Corporate Governance Statement




For personal use only
                                                     As well as diversity amongst the skill       Conflict of interest
                    BOARD EXPERIENCE                 set of the Board, the Company aims
                                                                                                  Directors must keep the Board advised,
                                                     to have an appropriate mix of gender,
                                                                                                  on an ongoing basis, of any interest that
                                                     thought, age and cultural background
                    Board Global Experience                                                       could potentially conflict with their duties
                                                     represented on the Board. Further details
                                                                                                  to the Company. The Board has developed
                                                     of the Company’s diversity objectives
                                                                                                  procedures to assist Directors to disclose
                                                     and Diversity and Inclusion Policy are
                                                                                                  potential conflicts of interest and, each
                                                     set out on page 31 of this Annual Report.
                                                                                                  year, all Non-Executive Directors complete
                                                     The current global experience, gender
                                                                                                  independence declarations. Where the
                                                     diversity and tenure of the Board is shown
                                                                                                  Board believes that a significant conflict
                        60%                          in the charts below.
                         US
                                         40%                                                      exists for a Director on a Board matter,
                                          Other      Directors’ independence                      the Director concerned does not receive
                                        segments                                                  the relevant Board papers and is not
                                                     The Board has adopted specific principles    present at the meeting whilst the item is
                                                     in relation to Non-Executive Directors’      considered.
                                                     independence as set out in the Board
                                                     Charter.                                     The Chair
                                                     The Board Charter states that the            The Board Charter provides that the Chair
                                                     Board shall consist of a majority of Non-    should be an Independent Director and
                                                     Executive Directors who are considered       should not be the CEO. The Chair, Rob
                    Board Diversity
                                                     by the Board to be independent.              Sindel, is considered by the Board to be
                                                                                                  independent and his role is separate to
                                                     Under the Charter, Directors must            that of the CEO.
                                                     immediately disclose to the Company
                                                     Secretary and the Chair any information,     The Chair’s role and responsibilities are
                                                     facts or circumstances of which they         outlined in the Board Charter and include:
                        33%
                                                     become aware, which may affect their          leadership of the Board and assisting the
                        Female
                                          67%        independence.                                   Board to work effectively and discharge
                                              Male   The Board undertakes an annual                  its responsibilities, and encouraging and
                                                     review of the extent to which each              facilitating a culture of openness and
                                                     Non-Executive Director is independent,          debate between Directors to foster a
                                                     having regard to the relationships              high-performing and collegiate team
                                                     affecting the independent status of           maintaining effective communication
                                                     a Director as described in the ASX              and promoting constructive and
                                                     Principles and any other matters the            respectful relationships between
                                                     Board considers relevant. Each Director is      the Board and management
                                                     required to update the Board as soon as       chairing general meetings of the
                    Board Tenure
                                                     reasonably practical if any event occurs        Company
                                                     throughout the year which may affect the      setting the agenda for each Board
                                                     independence of that Director. Where the
                                                     Board determines a Director is no longer        meeting in consultation with the
                                                     independent, an announcement will be            CEO and Company Secretary
                                                     made to the market.                           representing the Board in
                        50%               50%                                                        communications with shareholders
                         0-5              5-10
                                                     As at the date of this Statement, with the     and other key stakeholders.
                        years             years      exception of the CEO, the Board considers
                                                     that each Non-Executive Director (being      In accepting the position, the Chair has
                                                     Rob Sindel, Abi Cleland, Tom Gorman,         acknowledged that the role will require
                                                     Sam Lewis, and Jeremy Sutcliffe) is          a significant time commitment and has
                                                     independent.                                 confirmed that other positions will not
                                                                                                  hinder the effective performance of the
                                                     The Board has agreed that, in the absence    role of Chair.
                                                     of special circumstances, the tenure
                                                     for Non-Executive Directors should be
                                                     limited to a maximum of 10 years, to
                                                     ensure Directors remain demonstrably
                                                     independent, with a view to best
                                                     represent the interests of shareholders.
                                                     The Board Charter reflects this policy.



               26                                                                                             ORORA LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                    The Board undertakes a performance evaluation to review its performance
                    and that of its Committees and each Director at least annually.




For personal use only
                    The Company Secretary                            Non-Executive Directors are expected to        Performance evaluation
                                                                     spend a reasonable amount of time each
                    The Board has appointed Ann Stubbings as                                                        The Board undertakes a performance
                                                                     year preparing for and attending Board
                    Company Secretary. Details of the skills,                                                       evaluation to review its performance and
                                                                     and Committee meetings and associated
                    experience and expertise of the Company                                                         that of its Committees and each Director
                                                                     activities. Other commitments of Non-
                    Secretary are set out on Orora’s website.                                                       at least annually. The Chair reports to
                                                                     Executive Directors are considered
                    The Company Secretary is accountable                                                            the Board regarding the performance
                                                                     by the Nomination Committee prior
                    to the Board through the Chair, and the                                                         evaluation process and the findings of
                                                                     to appointment to the Board and are
                    appointment or removal of the Company                                                           these reviews.
                                                                     reviewed each year as part of the annual
                    Secretary is a matter for the Board as a         Board performance assessment.                  The evaluation may involve surveys by the
                    whole. Each Director is entitled to access
                                                                                                                    Directors and the Board, the assistance of
                    the advice and services of the Company           Director induction and development
                                                                                                                    external facilitators and consideration of
                    Secretary. The role of the Company
                                                                     Orora has in place a formal process            the degree to which each Non-Executive
                    Secretary is set out in the Board Charter,
                                                                     to educate new Directors about                 Director has demonstrated the skills
                    which is available on Orora’s website.
                                                                     the operation of the Board and its             relevant to the position of Non-Executive
                    Checks and information on Directors              Committees, the Company’s purpose,             Director or Chair, as applicable.
                                                                     core values, Group strategy, any
                    Before appointing or proposing a person                                                         During the reporting period, the Company
                                                                     financial, strategic, operational and risk
                    for election as a Director or senior                                                            undertook an internal evaluation of the
                                                                     management issues, and the expectations
                    executive, Orora conducts all appropriate                                                       Board, Committee and individual Director
                                                                     of performance of Directors. This
                    background checks on the relevant person,                                                       performance (including in their capacity
                                                                     induction program includes providing
                    including reference checks and criminal                                                         as Chair, if applicable), having regard to
                                                                     new Directors with access to previous
                    and bankruptcy record checks.                                                                   the ASX Principles.
                                                                     Board and Committee meeting minutes,
                    Prior to a Non-Executive Director’s              Orora’s policies and the strategic plan,       This evaluation concluded that the
                    election or re-election by shareholders,         and facilitating meetings with senior          composition of the Company’s Non-
                    the Board provides shareholders with all         executives.                                    Executive Directors is appropriate
                    material information known to Orora which                                                       having regard to the skill set, expertise
                                                                     Directors visit Orora sites on an ongoing
                    is relevant to the decision of shareholders                                                     and experience required for a company
                                                                     basis, as COVID-19 travel restrictions
                    to elect or re-elect the Director, in order                                                     of Orora’s size and geographic spread.
                                                                     allow, and meet with management to
                    to assist their decision making process.                                                        The evaluation further concluded that
                                                                     gain a better understanding of business
                    This information is generally contained                                                         the Company’s Committee structure is
                                                                     operations. These visits are conducted
                    in the notice of meeting of the Annual                                                          effective and is well-led by appropriately
                                                                     either as a full Board, or Board Committee,
                    General Meeting at which the Director’s                                                         experienced and skilled Directors.
                                                                     or with one or two Directors. During the
                    appointment will be considered by                reporting period, the Australian-based         Independent professional advice and
                    shareholders.                                    Directors collectively visited the Orora       access to information
                    A candidate for election or re-election as       Gawler and Revesby sites in Australia.
                                                                     The CEO separately visited Orora’s sites in    Each Director has the right to access all
                    a Non-Executive Director will be required
                                                                     Gawler, Revesby, Rocklea and Petrie, and       relevant Company information and the
                    to provide the Board or Nomination
                                                                     travelled to North America to visit Orora      senior executives and, subject to prior
                    Committee with all material information
                                                                     Packaging Solutions head office, following     consultation with and approval from the
                    and an acknowledgement that he or she
                                                                     receipt of COVID-19 related government         Chair, may seek independent professional
                    will have sufficient time to fulfil his or her
                                                                     approvals. The CEO undertook all required      advice from an advisor suitably qualified
                    responsibilities as a Director.
                                                                     quarantine arrangements related to these       in the relevant field at the Company’s
                    Agreements with Directors                        interstate and international visits. Orora’s   expense.
                    Non-Executive Directors are appointed            North American based Non-Executive             A copy of the advice received by the
                    pursuant to a formal letter of appointment       Director, Tom Gorman, travelled on             Director will be made available for all
                    and a deed of appointment, which                 several occasions to support Orora North       other Directors.
                    set out the key terms relevant to the            American related matters as COVID-19
                    appointment, including the term of               restrictions permitted. Other Orora site
                    appointment, the responsibilities and            visits by Directors were contemplated
                    expectations of Directors in relation            during the reporting period, but due to
                    to attendance and preparation for all            COVID-19 travel restrictions these visits
                    Board meetings, appointments to other            were postponed. Directors are also
                    boards, the procedures for dealing with          given access to continuing education
                    conflicts of interest, and the availability of   opportunities to update and enhance
                    independent professional advice.                 their skills and knowledge.




                    ORORA LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2021                                                                                                          27
               Corporate Governance Statement




               SENIOR MANAGEMENT                                  financial position, operations and risk               BOARD COMMITTEES
                                                                  management policies, as well as to
               Delegations to management                          actively participate in accordance with               To increase its effectiveness, the




For personal use only
                                                                  their role, at the earliest opportunity               Board has established the following
               Day-to-day management of the Group and
                                                                  following appointment.                                Board Committees:
               its businesses to achieve the Company’s
                                                                                                                          Audit, Risk & Compliance
               purpose are formally delegated to the              The performance of senior executives
               CEO, supported by senior management,                                                                        Executive
                                                                  is reviewed on an ongoing basis, and a
               in accordance with the Board Charter               formal performance evaluation takes                      Human Resources
               and the Company’s Delegated Authority              place every six months in accordance                     Nomination
               Policy. A summary of this policy is publicly       with the Company’s established
               available on Orora’s website. A summary                                                                     Safety, Sustainability and Environment.
                                                                  evaluation process. Senior executives and
               of the key responsibilities delegated to           the CEO are assessed against measurable,              The members of these Committees as at
               the CEO and senior management, as well             short and long-term objectives which                  the date of this Statement are set out in
               as those reserved to the Board, is set out         are aligned with the Company’s business               the table below. Profiles of each member/
               in the Board Charter. These delegations            strategy and operating plan, as well as               Director, including their relevant experience
               are reviewed on a regular basis to ensure          how they have demonstrated behaviours                 and qualifications, are set out on pages
               that the division of functions remains             that are consistent with Orora’s values.              38–39 of this Annual Report and on the
               appropriate to the needs of the Company.           The CEO performs the evaluations of the               Company’s website. The Company Secretary
               Senior executive appointments                      other senior executives. An evaluation of             is the Secretary of each Committee.
               and agreements                                     senior executives was last undertaken
                                                                  in July/August 2021. The outcomes of                  Each Committee has a Charter which
               The Company conducts all appropriate               these assessments are then reported                   includes a more detailed description
               background checks on prospective senior            to the Board.                                         of its role, responsibilities and specific
               executives, including reference checks                                                                   composition requirements. The Charters
               and criminal and bankruptcy record                 The Board is responsible for approving                are available on Orora’s website. The Board
               checks.                                            the objectives of the CEO and conducting              may establish other Committees from
                                                                  a formal annual evaluation of the                     time to time to deal with matters of
               The Company also has in place a written            performance of the CEO, including an                  special importance.
               agreement with the CEO and each senior             assessment against these objectives
               executive, setting out the terms and               and the demonstration of behaviour                    All Directors are welcome to attend
               conditions of their employment and the             consistent with Orora’s values.                       Committee meetings even though
               obligations they are required to fulfil in                                                               they may not be a member.
               their role. Each candidate is required             The outcomes of the performance
                                                                  evaluations of the senior executives                  The Committees have access to senior
               to accept all terms and obligations as a                                                                 executives and management, as well as
               condition of their employment. The key             and the CEO then contribute to the
                                                                  determination of the senior executives’               independent advisors. Committee agendas
               terms of the CEO and Chief Financial                                                                     and papers are available to all Directors
               Officer’s (CFO) employment contracts are           and CEO’s remuneration.
                                                                                                                        before the meetings. Copies of the minutes
               set out in the Remuneration Report from            The Company’s Senior Executive Reward                 of each Committee meeting are made
               page 47 of this 2021 Annual Report.                and Evaluation Policy is published on                 available to the full Board, and the Chair
               Senior executive induction                         Orora’s website.                                      of each Committee provides an update
               and performance evaluation                                                                               on the outcomes at the Board meeting
                                                                  Further information relating to the
                                                                                                                        that immediately follows the Committee
               The Company has an established                     performance evaluation of applicable
                                                                                                                        meeting.
               process for the induction of new senior            senior executives can also be found in the
               executives, which enables them to gain             Remuneration Report from page 47 of this
               an understanding of the Company’s                  2021 Annual Report.
               purpose, core values, Group strategy,



               BOARD COMMITTEES

                                                                   Audit, Risk &           Executive     Human Resources         Nomination     Safety, Sustainability &
                Directors                       Board     Compliance Committee            Committee           Committee          Committee*    Environment Committee
                Rob Sindel

                Brian Lowe

                Abi Cleland

                Tom Gorman

                Sam Lewis

                Jeremy Sutcliffe

                   Chair      Member   * All Nomination Committee matters were dealt with by the full Board during the financial year.



               28                                                                                                                    ORORA LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                                                                                                                 The Committee identifies potential
                                                                                                                 candidates, with advice from an external
                                                                                                                 third party where appropriate. The




For personal use only
                                                                                                                 Board then appoints the most suitable
                    Audit, Risk & Compliance Committee            Executive Committee                            candidate. Board appointees must stand
                                                                                                                 for election at the next Annual General
                    The Committee Charter provides that           The Executive Committee deals with
                                                                                                                 Meeting of shareholders following
                    all members of the Committee must be          matters referred to it by the Board or with
                                                                                                                 their appointment.
                    Non-Executive Directors, the majority         urgent matters that may not be deferred
                    of whom are independent, and the Chair        until the next meeting of the Board. A         The Committee also makes
                    cannot be the Chair of the Board. At least    majority of the Committee members              recommendations to the Board and
                    one member of the Committee must be           must be independent. Current members,          oversees implementation of the
                    a qualified accountant or other finance       including Chair, of the Committee are          procedure for evaluating the performance
                    professional with relevant experience         shown in the table on page 28 of this          of the Board, the Board Committees and
                    of financial and accounting matters.          Annual Report.                                 each Non-Executive Director, and also
                    Current members including Chair of the                                                       oversees and makes recommendations
                    Committee are shown in the table on                                                          to the Board in respect of any ongoing
                    page 28 of this Annual Report.                                                               training requirements for Directors. The
                                                                                                                 Committee comprises three Independent
                    The Committee assists the Board in
                                                                                                                 Non-Executive Directors, and the Chair of
                    fulfilling its responsibility for oversight   Human Resources Committee                      the Board is the Chair of the Committee.
                    of the quality and integrity of the
                                                                  The Human Resources Committee assists          Current members of the Committee are
                    accounting, auditing and financial
                                                                  the Board in fulfilling its responsibilities   shown in the table on page 28 of this
                    reporting of the Group, the Group’s
                                                                  to shareholders and regulators in relation     Annual Report.
                    compliance with legal and regulatory
                    requirements and operations,                  to the Group’s people and culture policies     Committee members are not involved in
                    effectiveness of the enterprise risk          and practices, including overseeing            making recommendations to the Board
                    framework, including monitoring risk          CEO and senior executive remuneration          in respect of themselves. All Committee
                    parameters, of the Group, the Group’s         and performance.                               matters were dealt with by the full
                    systems of internal control and its risk      All members of the Committee are               Board during the reporting period and
                    management framework (for financial           required to be Non-Executive and               consequently there was no separate
                    and non-financial risks), including           Independent Directors. The Committee           meeting of the Committee.
                    elevated, new or emerging risks, and          reviews the remuneration of the CEO and
                    such other duties as directed by the          other senior executives, taking advice
                    Board. The Committee Charter provides         from external advisers where appropriate.
                    that the Committee has the authority          No individual is directly involved in
                    and resources necessary to discharge          deciding their own remuneration.
                    its duties and responsibilities, including                                                   Safety, Sustainability and
                    meeting with the internal and/or external     Current members, including Chair, of the       Environment Committee
                    auditors without management present.          Committee are shown in the table on page
                                                                  28 of this Annual Report. The CEO is not       The Safety, Sustainability and
                    The Committee approves the                    a member of this Committee, but attends        Environment Committee was established
                    appointment, or dismissal, of the head of     meetings by invitation, other than for         in August 2020 to provide advice and
                    the Company’s internal audit function.        matters relating to his own remuneration.      assistance to the Board in reviewing and
                    The head of the internal audit function                                                      recommending to the Board for approval,
                    provides regular reports directly to the      The Committee meets at least quarterly         appropriate Safety and Sustainability
                    Committee.                                    and, otherwise, as and when required.          goals and objectives, and monitoring the
                                                                                                                 decisions and actions of management.
                    The Committee is responsible for the                                                         This includes upholding the Company’s
                    appointment, compensation, retention                                                         commitment as a signatory to the United
                    and oversight of the external auditor,                                                       Nations Global Compact (UNGC).
                    including the independence of the external
                    auditor, and review of any non-audit          Nomination Committee                           All members of the Committee are
                    services provided by the external auditor.                                                   required to be Non-Executive and
                    The Committee’s policy is to review the       The Nomination Committee oversees              Independent Directors. Current members,
                    performance of the external auditor           the nomination and succession planning         including Chair, of the Committee are
                    regularly regarding quality, costs and        processes for the Directors of the             shown in the table on page 28 of this
                    independence. In discharging its role, the    Company, and reviewing or making               Annual Report.
                    Committee is empowered to investigate         recommendations to the Board on
                                                                  matters which the Committee considers          The Committee meets at least quarterly
                    any matter brought to its attention.
                                                                  necessary, or are requested by the Board.      and, otherwise, as and when required.
                    The internal and external auditors,
                                                                  When a vacancy in the position of Non-         Attendance at Board and Committee
                    the CEO and the CFO are invited to the
                                                                  Executive Director exists or there is a        meetings during the reporting period
                    Committee meetings at the discretion of
                    the Committee Chair.                          need for particular skills, the Committee,     Details of Director attendance at Board
                                                                  in consultation with the Board, determines     and Committee meetings held during
                    The Committee is required under its           the selection criteria based on the skills     the financial year are provided on page 43
                    Charter to meet at least quarterly and        deemed necessary, having regard to the         of this Annual Report.
                    otherwise as necessary.                       skills and experience of the Board as
                                                                  referred to in the Board skills matrix.

                    ORORA LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2021                                                                                                    29
               Corporate Governance Statement




               ACTING ETHICALLY AND RESPONSIBLY              Material breaches of the Code and             The Directors and executive team
                                                             the Anti-Bribery and Anti-Corruption          members are required to certify their
               Code of Conduct and Ethics                                                                  compliance with the policy at the end




For personal use only
                                                             policy, and reports of incidents under
               Orora recognises the importance               the Whistleblower Policy, are reported        of each financial year. The policy also
               of honesty, integrity and fairness            to the Board through either the Audit,        prohibits Directors, team members and
               in conducting its business, and is            Risk & Compliance Committee or the            certain associates from engaging in
               committed to increasing shareholder           Human Resources Committee, and the            hedging arrangements over unvested
               value in conjunction with fulfilling its      program is periodically reviewed for its      securities issued pursuant to any
               responsibilities as a good corporate          effectiveness, and promoted to team           employee option or share plans and
               citizen. All Directors, managers and team     members across the Orora Group.               certain vested securities that are subject
               members are expected to act with the                                                        to the Minimum Shareholding Policy.
                                                             Orora has a compliance training program       The Share Trading Policy meets the
               utmost integrity and objectivity, striving    in place which is completed by team
               at all times to enhance the reputation and                                                  requirements of the ASX Listing Rules
                                                             members across the business. This             on trading policies and is available on
               performance of the Company.                   program supports the principles set           Orora’s website. Minor changes were
               Orora believes that it is not only required   out in the Code and other applicable          recently made to the policy during the
               to abide by the laws in each country in       policies. Orora also has a comprehensive      reporting period to prohibit margin lending
               which it operates, but that it must also      competition/anti-trust compliance             by Directors and Executives (and their
               conduct its business in accordance            training program.                             Associates) in which a whole or part of
               with internationally accepted practices       The Company’s Supplier Code of Conduct        their Orora shareholding is provided as
               and procedures. The Board and senior          and Ethics Policy (Supplier Code) sets        security.
               management are committed to upholding         out the expectations of Orora’s suppliers,
               these core principles and Orora values,                                                     Fraud Policy
                                                             and applies to all suppliers, including
               which are captured in Orora’s Code of         all organisations and sub-contractors         In addition to the Code, Anti-Bribery
               Conduct and Ethics Policy (Code).             providing goods and services to Orora,        and Anti-Corruption and Whistleblower
               The Code emphasises a strong culture          globally. The Supplier Code is available      policies, the Orora Fraud Framework
               of integrity and ethical conduct in           on Orora’s website.                           and Policy outlines the responsibilities
               association with independent Anti-Bribery                                                   and strategies to identify fraud within
                                                             There are also numerous activities and        the Orora Group, and the processes for
               and Anti-Corruption and Whistleblower         compliance programs across the Group
               policies. The policies cover expectations                                                   reporting fraud and recovering losses.
                                                             designed to promote and encourage
               on a broad range of issues, including         the responsibility and accountability         Other Policies
               environmental management, health              of individuals for reporting unethical
               and safety, human rights, community                                                         The Company has a number of other
                                                             practices. The Company continually
               engagement, political donations and                                                         governance policies which outline
                                                             assesses and upgrades its policies and
               participation, use of information and                                                       expected standards of behaviour of
                                                             procedures to ensure compliance with
               its security, market disclosure, fraud,                                                     Directors and team members which are
                                                             corporate governance requirements.
               bribery, corruption and the avoidance of                                                    available on the Company’s website.
               conflicts of interest. Team members and       Trading in Company securities by
                                                                                                           Modern Slavery
               other third parties (including suppliers)     Directors and team members
               can report reasonably suspected                                                             During the reporting period, the Company
                                                             Orora has a Share Trading Policy that
               misconduct or an improper state of affairs                                                  and applicable reporting entities
                                                             outlines insider trading laws and prohibits
               or circumstances within the Company,                                                        submitted a Modern Slavery Statement
                                                             Directors, team members and certain
               including unethical/illegal behaviour,                                                      in accordance with the Commonwealth
                                                             associates from trading in Orora’s
               coercion, harassment or discrimination,                                                     Modern Slavery Act 2018. The Statement,
                                                             securities during specified “blackout
               fraud or corrupt practices, or workplace                                                    which can be viewed on the Company’s
                                                             periods”.
               safety or environmental hazards through                                                     website, addresses the Company’s key
               eligible recipients noted in the Company’s    The blackout periods are the period from      modern slavery risks and how these risks
               Whistleblower Policy, including               the close of trading on 31 December           have been identified and assessed, as
               anonymously through an independent            each year until after the announcement        well as information on the actions being
               third party integrity reporting service.      to the ASX of the Company’s half year         taken to mitigate these risks and how the
               The Whistleblower Policy emphasises           results, the period from the close of         effectiveness of these mitigating actions
               that Orora will not tolerate anyone being     trading on 30 June each year until after      is assessed.
               discouraged from speaking up or being         the announcement of the Company’s full
               adversely affected because they have          year results and any other period that the
               reported misconduct in accordance with        Board specifies from time to time. Trading
               the policy. These policies are available on   of securities during a blackout period can
               Orora’s website.                              only occur in exceptional circumstances
                                                             and with the approval of the Company
                                                             Secretary or, in some circumstances,
                                                             the Chair.




               30                                                                                                    ORORA LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                    At Orora, we are committed to being a leading provider of sustainable packaging
                    solutions and doing what’s right for our people, customers, investors, communities
                    in which we operate and other key stakeholders.


                    SAFETY, SUSTAINABILITY AND CULTURE             Further information relating to Diversity,        celebrating the diversity of the LGBTIQ+
                                                                   Equity and Inclusion practices is included         community by educating and raising
                    Orora is committed to being a leading




For personal use only
                                                                   in the Sustainability section of this              awareness of issues faced, as well as
                    provider of sustainable packaging              Annual Report on page 12—13.                       recognising and celebrating the inherent
                    solutions and doing what’s right for                                                              and rich diversity of Orora team members
                    our people, customers, investors,              Measurable objectives
                                                                                                                      through the Orora Proud initiative.
                    communities in which we operate and
                                                                   Orora continues to be committed to
                    other key stakeholders.                                                                        Orora’s FY21 measurable objectives
                                                                   diversity, equity and inclusion. During the
                                                                                                                   approved by the Board, and progress
                    Orora’s approach to sustainability is          reporting period, the Company’s activities
                                                                                                                   towards achieving those objectives is
                    framed by its obligations to the UNGC          were aligned to three key focus areas:
                                                                                                                   shown in the table below.
                    and managed through three focus areas:           building an inclusive culture that
                    People, Planet and Prosperity. Through           supports diversity                            The Orora Board has approved the
                    these focus areas, Orora prioritises the                                                      following gender diversity measurable
                                                                     attracting,    recognising and rewarding
                    health and safety of team members,                                                             objectives for the financial year ending
                                                                     talent from diverse backgrounds
                    contractors and visitors, and works                                                            30 June 2022:
                    closely with customers to improve the             
                                                                     providing    visible senior leadership          maintaining not less than 30% of
                    sustainability outcomes of the products          commitment and accountability on
                                                                                                                     each gender in the composition of
                    and services it provides.                        diversity, equity and inclusion.
                                                                                                                     Orora’s Board
                    Refer to the Sustainability section of         These focus areas are further                     ensuring that Orora continues to employ
                    this Annual Report from page 10 for            supported by a strong focus on gender             greater than 30% female of all external
                    more information on Orora’s approach           representation in talent acquisition by           new hires.
                    to sustainability, including in respect of     the Executive Leadership team and a
                                                                                                                   These objectives are supported by a
                    Orora’s safety and health performance          wide range of initiatives to promote and
                                                                                                                   continued commitment to:
                    and key activities, culture and key            encourage diversity at Orora. Examples
                                                                                                                    ensuring that Orora identifies and
                    initiatives to ensure the sustainability of    in the reporting period include:
                                                                       onducting a fifth annual Women in          attracts female talent for Board and
                    its main packaging products (including           c
                                                                                                                    senior management vacancies
                    increased recycled content) to reduce             Leadership at Orora (WILO) program,
                    waste in the community and support                                                              supporting the development of women
                                                                      designed to cultivate a diverse
                    its customers in developing sustainable           leadership talent pipeline by enabling        into leadership roles, including through
                    packaging solutions during the reporting          women to build their confidence and           the WILO program
                    period.                                           leadership skills, and designed to grow       using an objective process in valuing
                                                                      participants’ professional networks           roles and setting comparative male
                    DIVERSITY, EQUITY AND INCLUSION
                                                                      and create a spirit of outreach               and female remuneration for salaried
                    Orora’s major centres of operation,               amongst women at Orora. This was              positions
                    in Australia, New Zealand and North               the first program that was both global        promoting holistic working practices,
                    America, are in some of the most                  and virtual, including participants           including, but not limited to, continuing
                    demographically diverse countries. As             from five different countries across          to offer the employee assistance
                    such, Orora is strongly committed to              North America and Australasia. Orora          program and supporting flexible working
                    developing an inclusive and respectful            continues to invest in previous WILO          arrangements, where practicable.
                    work environment to optimise                      participants by utilising WILO graduates
                    diversity of thought and background.              as coaches for current participants,         Orora will also progressively add more
                    Bringing together people with different           which also reinforces WILO network           diversity, equity and inclusion goals as part
                    backgrounds and ways of thinking                  connections                                  of its redefined sustainability program.
                    is a powerful source of competitive
                    advantage in driving better decision
                    making, innovation and growth.
                    Decisions on hiring, salary, benefits,
                    career progression, termination or              FY21 MEASURABLE OBJECTIVES APPROVED BY THE BOARD
                    retirement are based solely on each team
                    member’s ability to do the job regardless        FY21 Measurable Objective                   Progress (as at 30 June 2021)
                    of gender, age, cultural background,             Maintain not less than 30% of each
                    disability, family responsibility, religious     gender in the composition of our board
                                                                                                                 ✔ 33% female and 67% male Directors
                    or political beliefs, sexual orientation,
                    differences in background and life               Ensure that Orora employs greater than
                                                                     30% female of all external new hires
                                                                                                                 ✔ 32%
                                                                                                                      (179 new females have been
                    experience, and interpersonal and                                                               recruited across all of Orora in the
                    problem solving skills, or any other                                                            past 12 months)
                    area of potential difference.
                                                                     Ensure that Orora identifies and
                    Orora’s Diversity and Inclusion Policy,          attracts female talent for Board and
                                                                                                                 ✔ Orora continues to ensure that female
                                                                                                                    talent candidates are included in Board
                    available on Orora’s website, recognises         senior management vacancies                    and senior management succession
                    the positive differences each team                                                              planning and vacancies — progress is
                    member brings to the business and how                                                           always within the context of hiring the
                    Orora team members can connect and                                                              best talent available
                    work together to capture the benefits
                    of these differences.



                    ORORA LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2021                                                                                                          31
               Corporate Governance Statement




For personal use only
               Gender equality                                A breakdown of the percentage of female        RISK MANAGEMENT AND ASSURANCE
                                                              representation at the Board and each
               A key component of Orora’s diversity           leadership level in the business is outlined   A range of factors, some of which are
               initiatives is increasing female               in the table below.                            beyond the Company’s control, can
               representation in the organisation. The                                                       influence performance across Orora’s
               Company is committed to continuing to          Female representation on the Board             businesses.
               improve its gender diversity across all        remained the same throughout the
               businesses in the Group.                       reporting period.                              The Company understands and
                                                                                                             recognises that rigorous risk and
               The Company continues to have a                Orora is a “relevant employer” under           opportunity management is essential
               particular focus on gender equality, and       the Commonwealth Workplace Gender              for corporate stability and for sustaining
               throughout the reporting period has            Equality Act 2012 (WGE Act). As such,          its competitive market position and
               continued its commitment to a gender           Orora’s most recent “Gender Equality           long-term performance. The following
               diversity target of 30% female of all new      Indicators”, as defined in the WGE Act,        objectives drive Orora’s approach to
               team member hires. At year end, this           will be made available on the Workplace        risk management:
               target was again exceeded by achieving         Gender Equality Agency’s website.                having a culture that is risk aware
               32% and Orora continues to ensure that                                                            and supported by high standards of
               progress is always within the context of       REMUNERATION
                                                                                                                 accountability at all levels
               hiring the best talent available. 179 new      The Company’s policy is to reward                achieving a truly integrated risk
               females have been recruited across all of      executives with a combination of fixed
               Orora in the past 12 months.                                                                      management approach in which risk
                                                              remuneration and short and long-                   management forms part of all key
               As at 30 June 2021, the percentage             term incentives structured to drive                organisational processes
               of women employed by the Group as a            improvements in shareholder value.               supporting more effective decision
               proportion of the total workforce was          Details of the Company’s remuneration,             making through better understanding
               27.4% and the proportion of women              recruitment, retention and termination             and consideration of risk exposures
               employed at senior leadership levels was       policies and procedures and details of key       enhancing shareholder value through
               35%. ‘Senior leadership’ for this purpose      management personnel remuneration
               includes all team members who are no                                                              improved share price and earnings
                                                              and incentives are included in the                 growth in the short to medium term
               more than three levels below the CEO,          Remuneration Report from page 47 of
               whose roles range from the initiation and                                                         whilst building a sustainable business
                                                              this Annual Report. Information regarding          for the longer term
               implementation of strategies, through          the structure of Non-Executive Director
               to the development and continuous                                                               improving stakeholder confidence
                                                              remuneration is also included in the
               improvement of systems and practices                                                              and trust
                                                              Remuneration Report. Non-Executive
               that deliver on these strategies and help                                                       enhancing organisational efficiencies
                                                              Directors receive no incentive payments
               to realise organisational aims.                and there are no retirement benefit              safeguarding the Company’s assets
                                                              schemes in place.                                 — human, property, reputation and
                                                                                                                knowledge
                                                                                                              enabling the Board to fulfil its governance
                                                                                                               and compliance requirements.
                                                                                                             The Company has implemented an
               FEMALE REPRESENTATION AT EACH EXECUTIVE LEVEL                                                 enterprise risk management (ERM)
                                                                                                             framework to improve its ability to meet
                %                                                                                            the above objectives and achieve the
               40                                                                                            desired outcomes, as well as defined
                                                                                                             limits of authority for all levels of
               35                                                                                            management, which are periodically
                                                                           36
                                                                                           35
               30       33     33                                                                            reviewed by the Board. The ERM
                                                     31    32        32              32
                                                                                                             incorporates the principles of effective
               25                                                                                            risk management, as set out in the Global
                                                                                                             Risk Management Standard ISO 31000.
               20
                                                                                                             ERM seeks to apply risk management
               15                          17   17                                                           across the entire organisation and
                                                                                                             it does this so that all material risks
               10                                                                                            (both financial and non-financial) can be
                5                                                                                            identified, assessed and managed.

                0
                         Board              CEO 1     CEO 2            CEO 3           Total

                        FY20        FY21

               32                                                                                                      ORORA LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                    Orora’s policy is to reward executives with a combination of fixed
                    remuneration and short and long-term incentives structured to drive
                    improvements in shareholder value.




For personal use only
                    In support of this approach, the Board            Orora’s assurance function, which            Financial report accountability
                    sets the risk appetite of the organisation        includes the internal audit team, plays a
                                                                                                                   The Audit, Risk & Compliance Committee
                    to take account of non-financial risks,           key role in reviewing the effectiveness
                                                                                                                   assists the Board in fulfilling its
                    including safety, environment, reputation         of Orora’s compliance and control
                                                                                                                   responsibilities in overseeing the Group’s
                    and corporate governance risks, in                systems, including risk management.
                                                                                                                   processes which ensure the quality and
                    addition to financial risks. A summary            Findings from reviews are communicated
                                                                                                                   integrity of financial statements and
                    of Orora’s Risk Management Framework              in reports to the Board and the Audit,
                                                                                                                   reporting, compliance with legal and
                    can be found on Orora’s website.                  Risk & Compliance Committee, and then
                                                                                                                   regulatory requirements, and reviewing
                                                                      appropriate action is taken to support
                    In achieving effective risk management,                                                        material changes in accounting or
                                                                      the maintenance of a strong control
                    Orora recognises the importance of                                                             reporting requirements and assessing
                                                                      environment.
                    leadership.                                                                                    subsequent effects on the Group’s
                                                                      Risk management accountability               policies and practices.
                    There are several layers that assist
                    the Board in ensuring the appropriate             As part of the process of approving the      Orora’s CEO and CFO, who are present
                    focus is placed on the risk management            financial statements, at each reporting      for Board discussion of financial matters,
                    framework:                                        date the CEO and other responsible           declare to the Board, in writing, that the
                        Audit, Risk & Compliance Committee           senior executives provide statements         Company’s financial statements are in
                                                                      in writing to the Board on the quality       accordance with relevant accounting
                         — provides assistance and advice to          and effectiveness of the Company’s risk      standards, give a true and fair view in
                         the Board in fulfilling its responsibility   management and internal compliance           all material respects of the Company’s
                         relating to the Company’s financial          and control systems.                         and the Group’s financial condition and
                         reporting, internal control structure,                                                    operational results and comply with the
                         risk management systems, including the       The Audit, Risk & Compliance
                                                                                                                   Corporations Act 2001 and associated
                         risk management framework, and the           Committee reviews the Company’s risk
                                                                                                                   regulations. The CFO oversees a robust
                         internal and external audit functions.       management framework on a regular
                                                                                                                   internal process, where business unit
                        Safety, Sustainability & Environment         basis to ensure that it continues to be
                                                                                                                   financial managers regularly meet with
                                                                      sound. The framework was reviewed
                         Committee — provides assistance and                                                       representatives from the corporate
                                                                      during the reporting period. It remains
                         advice to the Board on the management                                                     finance team to discuss the financial
                                                                      “fit for purpose” and will be reviewed
                         of the Company’s safety, sustainability                                                   aspects of each business. This includes a
                                                                      on an ongoing basis for continuous
                         and environment goals, objectives, legal                                                  review of the business unit profit and loss
                                                                      improvement opportunities.
                         responsibilities and monitoring the                                                       statement, balance sheet and all other
                         decisions and actions of management in       The Board has also received statements       relevant matters.
                         upholding the Company’s commitment           from the CEO and the CFO certifying that,
                                                                                                                   Non-financial report accountability
                         as a signatory to the UNGC and               having made all reasonable enquiries and
                         achieving the Company’s goal to be a         to the best of their knowledge and belief:   Applicable Board Committees, including
                         sustainable organisation.                         statements made in relation to the
                                                                        the                                        the Audit, Risk & Compliance Committee
                        Human Resources Committee —                    financial integrity of the Orora Group     and Safety, Sustainability & Environment
                                                                        financial reports are founded on a sound   Committee are responsible for reviewing
                         provides assistance and advice to the                                                     the process to verify the integrity of any
                         Board on the Company’s people, culture         system of effective and efficient risk
                                                                        management and internal compliance         periodic corporate report the Company
                         and remuneration policies and practices                                                   releases to the market that is not audited
                         as well as the Company’s involvement in        and control;
                                                                        the system of risk management in          or reviewed by the external auditor.
                         the communities in which it operates.
                        Executive Team — senior executives            operation throughout the reporting         For those periodic corporate reports
                                                                        period was operating effectively; and      that are not audited or reviewed by the
                        have responsibility for driving and                                                        external auditor, a rigorous internal
                        supporting risk management across the           t he systems relating to financial
                                                                         reporting were operating effectively      review process is implemented. This
                        Orora Group. Each business group within                                                    process is led by the internal subject
                        the Company then has responsibility              in all material respects.
                                                                                                                   matter experts with reviews undertaken
                        for implementing this approach and            During the reporting period, the Board       by management and key internal
                        adapting it, as appropriate, to its own       received the relevant declarations           stakeholders. External advice is obtained
                        circumstances.                                required under section 295A of the           as required. Non-audited periodic
                    Orora’s Continuous Disclosure Committee           Corporations Act 2001 from the CEO           reports include the annual Modern
                    has responsibility for assessing any              and CFO as well as the relevant reports      Slavery Statement and this Corporate
                    potential material risk to Orora and any          and assurances that their opinions were      Governance Statement. These periodic
                    consequent need for market disclosure.            formed on the basis of a sound system        reports are approved by the Board.
                                                                      of risk management and internal controls
                                                                      which are operating effectively.




                    ORORA LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2021                                                                                                       33
               Corporate Governance Statement




               Internal control                                     External Audit                                        Orora will continue to monitor any
                                                                                                                          potential economic, environmental
               The Board accepts responsibility for                 PricewaterhouseCoopers was appointed
                                                                                                                          and social sustainability risks, and will




For personal use only
               oversight of the effectiveness of the                as the external auditor of the Company
                                                                                                                          continue to enhance response plans
               Company’s internal control environment,              by the shareholders at the Company’s
                                                                                                                          to address any such risks. Orora has
               with input and recommendation                        Annual General Meeting in 2014. The
                                                                                                                          developed and continues to implement
               from the Audit, Risk & Compliance                    external auditor provides a declaration
                                                                                                                          response plans to address its most
               Committee. The Board’s policies                      of independence to the Audit, Risk &
                                                                                                                          significant potential environmental and
               on internal control governance are                   Compliance Committee twice a year (refer
                                                                                                                          social sustainability impacts. Details of
               comprehensive, as noted earlier in this              to page 65 of this Annual Report). Fees
                                                                                                                          Orora’s continued approach to dealing
               Statement, and include clearly drawn                 paid to the external auditor, including a
                                                                                                                          with potential impacts, including in
               lines of accountability and delegation of            breakdown of fees for non-audit services,
                                                                                                                          respect of safety and human rights and
               authority, as well as adherence to the               are noted in the Company’s Financial
                                                                                                                          responsible sourcing, are included from
               Code. In order to effectively discharge              Statements in this Annual Report.
                                                                                                                          page 11 of this Annual Report. Orora
               these responsibilities, the Company
                                                                    The external auditor met with the Audit,              intends to carry out a sustainability
               has a number of assurance functions
                                                                    Risk & Compliance Committee without                   materiality assessment process on
               (including internal audit) to independently
                                                                    management being present at each                      a periodic basis as part of the normal
               review the control environment and
                                                                    Committee meeting held during the                     internal risk assessment cycle, and
               provide regular reports to the Board, the
                                                                    reporting period.                                     respond to new risks that emerge
               Audit, Risk & Compliance Committee and
                                                                                                                          as required.
               management committees. These reports                 Material risks, including economic,
               and associated recommendations are                   environmental and social sustainability               Orora’s sustainability activity is
               considered and acted upon to maintain or             risks                                                 overseen by both the Board and the
               strengthen the control environment.                                                                        Safety, Sustainability and Environment
                                                                    Orora’s ongoing commitment to                         Committee. Regular management
               The assurance function assists the                   assessing opportunities and exposure                  updates were provided to the Safety,
               Board to ensure compliance with the                  to material risks is in accordance with               Sustainability and Environment
               internal controls and risk management                the ASX Corporate Governance Council’s                Committee and the Board during
               programs by regularly reviewing                      Recommendation 7.41 . Orora’s principal               the reporting period.
               the effectiveness of the Company’s                   risks that could have a material impact
               compliance and control systems. The                  on the Company, together with the
               Group Manager, Risk and Assurance                    Company’s mitigation strategies for
               (Internal Audit) reports directly to the             those risks, were reviewed during the
               Audit, Risk & Compliance Committee and               period to 30 June 2021 and are described
               may request any member of the Audit,                 on the following page.
               Risk & Compliance Committee to call a
               meeting of the Committee. The Audit, Risk            Orora’s approach to sustainability is
               & Compliance Committee is responsible                framed by its obligations as a signatory to
               for approving the scope of the internal              the UNGC, together with work undertaken
               audit plan, overseeing the performance               in 2015, 2018 and 2019 by external
               of the internal audit team and reporting             consultants to understand the external
               to the Board on the status of the risk               and internal sustainability risks and
               management system.                                   opportunities.
                                                                    Subject to the material risks noted on the
                                                                    following page, Orora has determined that
                                                                    it does not, at this time, otherwise have
                                                                    a material exposure to environmental or
                                                                    social sustainability risks.




               1	Recommendation 7.4: A listed entity should disclose whether it has any material exposure to economic, environmental and social sustainability risks and,
                  if it does, how it manages or intends to manage those risks. Source: Corporate Governance Principles and Recommendations, Australian Securities
                  Exchange Corporate Governance Council (4th edition), 2019.

               34                                                                                                                     ORORA LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                    PRINCIPAL RISKS
                    Orora actively manages a range of principal risks and uncertainties with the potential to have a material impact on the Orora Group




For personal use only
                    and its ability to achieve its strategic and business objectives. While every effort is made to identify and manage material risks,
                    additional risks not currently known or detailed below may also adversely affect future performance. Orora’s principal risks are
                    outlined below in no particular order. 1

                        Area of Materiality         Risk                                                  Mitigation and Monitoring Strategies

                        Workplace Safety            Workplace safety and health events may have          Orora’s commitment to keeping people safe and healthy is
                        and Health                  the potential to adversely affect Orora’s team       paramount and is a core value. Orora’s senior leadership team
                                                    members and operations.                              and Board regularly review safety performance and improvement
                                                                                                         strategies and activities across the business. Further information
                                                                                                         regarding Orora’s commitment to safety and health and response
                                                                                                         to COVID-19 is set out in the Sustainability section of this Report.

                        Business Interruption       Orora operates numerous sites across a               Orora undertakes business continuity and disaster preparedness
                        and Disruption (including   number of countries. Circumstances such as           planning for strategically important sites and functions. This
                        cyber risk)                 natural disaster, pandemic, cyber breaches,          includes continuously monitoring and, as appropriate, enhancing
                                                    operational failure or industrial disruption         information security capabilities to keep pace with the evolving
                                                    may occur, which may preclude key sites from         nature and sophistication of cyber threats.
                                                    operating. In these circumstances, operational
                                                    and financial performance may be negatively          Orora’s Information Security team, established in December 2018,
                                                    impacted.                                            has been enhancing Orora’s preparedness for cyber attacks both
                                                                                                         through implementing new tools and a cyber awareness program
                                                                                                         to all team members.
                                                                                                         Orora’s business continuity processes including safety, supply chain,
                                                                                                         talent and customer preferences have proven to be effective in
                                                                                                         responding to the COVID-19 pandemic.
                                                                                                         Orora also engages in continuous identification, review and
                                                                                                         mitigation of property risks, as well as independent loss prevention
                                                                                                         audits and has a suitable insurance program in place. Insurances are
                                                                                                         reviewed annually.
                        Economic Conditions         Orora is susceptible to major changes in             Orora seeks to mitigate the severity of impact that deterioration
                                                    macro-economic conditions globally or in a           in macro-economic conditions may have by:
                                                    single country, region or market. Sudden and/or        operating businesses that have a broad spread of geographic
                                                    prolonged deterioration in the economy may             locations, raw material inputs and customers servicing a number
                                                    impact the value chain or industries on which          of end markets
                                                    Orora is dependent and could have a material
                                                    negative impact on operational and financial           deploying an operating model that focuses on continually
                                                    performance.                                           improving the value proposition to customers
                                                                                                           creating and maintaining a high-performance culture
                                                                                                           r emaining disciplined in cash and cost management
                                                                                                           continuing to invest in manufacturing capabilities and innovation
                                                                                                           to improve cost positions.
                        Competition                 Orora operates in highly competitive markets         Orora is well placed to leverage both its regional experience and
                                                    with varying barriers to entry, industry             insight, and its international footprint and scale, to deliver new ideas
                                                    structures and competitor motivational               and value propositions to customers to gain competitive advantage.
                                                    patterns. The actions of established, new or         Orora also continuously focuses on quality and innovation as a
                                                    potential competitors may have a negative            source of competitive advantage.
                                                    impact on financial performance.
                        Supply Chain                Disruption to Orora’s supply chain caused            Orora’s approach to supply chain risk management is multi-faceted
                                                    by an interruption to the availability of key        and includes:
                                                    components, raw materials, energy supply, or           implementing a multi-sourcing strategy for the supply of raw
                                                    by technology failure may adversely impact             materials
                                                    sales and/or customer relations, resulting in
                                                    unexpected costs.                                      customer contracts that provide for regular and timely
                                                                                                           pass-through of movements in raw material input costs
                                                    Orora’s businesses are sensitive to input              
                                                                                                           input pricing strategies including active monitoring of input prices
                                                    price risks, specifically energy and other
                                                    commodities, in various forms and with                 supplier due diligence and risk management including a supplier
                                                    varying degrees of impact. Although Orora              assurance framework and code of conduct
                                                    seeks to mitigate these risks through various          a focus on innovation in sustainable energy sourcing and pricing
                                                    input pricing strategies and pass-through              including entering long-term renewable energy power purchase
                                                    mechanisms, there is no guarantee that Orora           agreements.
                                                    will be able to manage all future energy and
                                                    commodity price movements. Failure to do so
                                                    may adversely affect Orora’s operations and
                                                    financial performance.

                    1 Environmental and social sustainability risks that are not currently considered material are referred to in the Sustainability section of this Annual Report.



                    ORORA LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2021                                                                                                                              35
               Corporate Governance Statement
               PRINCIPAL RISKS CONTINUED

                 Area of Materiality   Risk                                                        Mitigation and Monitoring Strategies

                Climate Change         The physical and non-physical impacts of climate            Orora is mitigating its contribution to climate change through its
                                       change may affect Orora’s assets and productivity.          CO2e emissions reduction Eco Targets focusing on energy efficiency
                                                                                                   and its participation in renewable electricity markets and, where
                                       Climate change may present risks arising from               appropriate, co-generation investments. Orora’s sustainability
                                       extreme weather events affecting business                   program noted in the Sustainability section of this Annual Report




For personal use only
                                       operations and certain customer segments,                   refers to the Company’s focus on climate change, with further
                                       which could impact the future profitability and             initiatives to mitigate Orora’s contribution to climate change.
                                       prospects of Orora.
                                                                                                   In addition, as set out above, Orora continuously reviews operating
                                                                                                   and capital expenditure plans to mitigate its customer risk, and
                                                                                                   operating businesses that have a broad geographic spread and
                                                                                                   customers serving a number of end markets.
                Talent                 Orora’s operating and financial performance is              Orora’s strategic Human Resources (HR) priorities aim to create
                                       largely dependent on its ability to attract and retain      an inclusive culture that optimises diversity of background and
                                       talent and, in particular, key personnel. Any loss of       thought, by attracting and retaining the best talent in the market.
                                       key personnel could adversely affect operating and          A high performance culture is encouraged by setting challenging
                                       financial performance.                                      objectives and rewarding high performers, while succession
                                                                                                   planning is undertaken to develop leadership talent. Orora believes
                                                                                                   this strategic approach to HR management provides a tangible
                                                                                                   source of competitive advantage.
                                                                                                   Remuneration is competitive in the relevant employment markets
                                                                                                   to attract, motivate and retain talent, and is aligned with business
                                                                                                   outcomes that deliver value to shareholders.
                Customers              Orora has strong relationships with key customers           The key to mitigating customer risk is Orora’s commitment
                and Consumer           for the supply of packaging and Point of Purchase           to being the industry-leading customer focused sustainable
                Preferences            products and related services. These relationships          packaging solutions company. This is embedded in Orora’s
                                       are critical to Orora’s success. The loss of a key          promise to its customers.
                                       customer may have a negative impact on financial
                                       performance.                                                In addition, no single customer generates revenue greater
                                                                                                   than 10% of total revenue for the Orora Group.
                                       Changes in consumer preferences may result in some
                                       of Orora’s existing product range becoming obsolete         Orora’s commitment to innovation, and its strong relationships
                                       or new products not meeting sales and margin                with its customers, seeks to address evolving consumer
                                       expectations.                                               preferences.

                                       Consumer preferences may be influenced by                   Orora continuously reviews operating and capital expenditure
                                       regulation change and environmental risk, including         plans to mitigate customer risk or changing consumer
                                       climate risk (both of these risks are separately            preferences.
                                       listed in this Principal Risks section).
                Mergers and            Orora’s growth opportunities are dependent, in part,        The Group has an established M&A framework that imposes
                Acquisitions (M&A)     on disciplined selection and successful integration         rigour in target selection, approval, due diligence, integration
                                       of acquisition targets that are consistent with the         planning and post-acquisition value capture. In addition, Orora’s
                                       Group’s strategy. Failure to be disciplined in selection,   management team possess experience in undertaking M&A
                                       effective at integration or focused on capturing            activity and executing the integration process. Where deemed
                                       value could impact operations and have adverse              necessary, the Group will utilise the services of external advisors
                                       consequences for the achievement of expected                to supplement internal resourcing to successfully execute and
                                       financial benefits.                                         integrate acquisitions.
                Country and            Orora predominantly operates in Australia,                  Orora continually monitors changes or proposed changes in
                Regulatory Risk        New Zealand and the United States under a broad             regulatory regimes that may have an impact on Orora and, where
                                       range of legal, accounting, tax, regulatory (including      appropriate, engages consultants and advisors to address
                                       environmental) and political systems. The profitability     specific issues. Where possible, Orora appoints local management
                                       of Orora’s operations may be adversely impacted             teams that bring a strong understanding of the local operating
                                       by changes in fiscal or regulatory regimes including        environment and strong customer relationships. Orora also has
                                       tax policies, difficulties in interpreting or complying     a global compliance training program and its business leaders
                                       with the local laws of the countries in which Orora         regularly review country and regulatory risk.
                                       operates and reversal of current political, judicial
                                       or administrative policies, including as a result of        Orora’s tax affairs are governed by a tax risk framework that
                                       geopolitical tensions. Orora’s customers, many of           is approved, reviewed and reported against by the Audit,
                                       which operate across a broad range of countries, are        Risk & Compliance Committee of the Board. Tax risks are
                                       subject to regulatory risk in various jurisdictions,        actively monitored and managed.
                                       which may have an impact on their operations and
                                       consequently Orora’s operations.
                Litigation             As is the case with all organisations, Orora is exposed     Orora takes legal advice in respect of such claims and, where
                                       to potential legal and other claims or disputes in the      relevant, makes provisions and disclosure regarding such claims
                                       ordinary course of business, including contractual          in its financial statements. There are no current undisclosed
                                       disputes and other claims.                                  claims or disputes of a material nature.


                Financial and          Orora faces a variety of risks arising from the             Orora’s Treasury function adopts financial risk management
                Treasury               unpredictability of financial markets, including the        policies approved by the Board. Appropriate commercial terms
                                       cost and availability of funds to meet its business         are negotiated and derivative financial instruments are used,
                                       needs and movements in interest rates, foreign              such as foreign exchange contracts and interest rate swaps, to
                                       exchange rates and commodity prices.                        hedge these risk exposures. In addition, where possible, Orora will
                                                                                                   proportionally draw down debt in currencies that align with the
                                                                                                   proportion of assets in those same currencies, thereby creating
                                                                                                   a natural hedge.

               36                                                                                                                  ORORA LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                    The Board identifies and prioritises Orora’s key stakeholders and has
                    developed a strategy for engagement that supports management in engaging
                    with key stakeholders to understand, consider and respond to issues.




For personal use only
                    Attendance of external auditors              These procedures align with Orora’s            Participating in Orora’s investor
                    at Annual General Meeting                    Market Disclosure and Communications             relations program, which includes
                                                                 Policy to ensure the Board and the               regularly holding investor roadshows
                    The lead audit partner of                    Continuous Disclosure Committee are              (following its results announcements)
                    PricewaterhouseCoopers in charge of the      made aware of any information that               in Australia, Asia and North America,
                    Company’s audit attends the Company’s        should be considered for release to              as well as additional ad-hoc investor
                    Annual General Meeting and is available at   the market.                                      meetings and conference calls with
                    the Annual General Meeting to answer any
                                                                                                                  institutional investors, private investors
                    shareholder questions about the conduct      Orora’s Continuous Disclosure Committee
                                                                                                                  and sell-side analysts
                    of the audit and the preparation and         meets as required, and often on very
                                                                                                                Regularly releasing information to the
                    content of the auditor’s report.             short notice, to ensure compliance
                                                                 with disclosure requirements. The CEO            ASX market announcements platform,
                    ENGAGEMENT WITH STAKEHOLDERS                 approves all disclosures before they             including releasing the Annual Report
                    Orora has a number of stakeholders           are released. The Board approves all             and full year and half year results
                    including shareholders, employees,           disclosures that are significant and           Providing through the Company’s
                    customers, suppliers and local               Directors receive a copy of all ASX              website up-to-date information about
                    communities. The Board identifies and        disclosures promptly following release.          the Company and its operations, the
                    prioritises Orora’s key stakeholders,        The Company Secretary is responsible             Corporate Governance Framework,
                    develops a strategy for engagement with      for communications with the ASX.                 the Board and management, ASX
                    stakeholders and supports management                                                          announcements, the share price,
                                                                 Shareholder engagement
                    to engage with key stakeholders to                                                            dividend distributions and other
                    understand, consider and respond             Shareholders and other stakeholders              relevant information
                    to issues.                                   are informed of all material matters           Submission of a Modern Slavery
                                                                 affecting the Company through                    Statement in accordance with the
                    Continuous disclosure                        ASX announcements, periodic                      Commonwealth Modern Slavery Act
                    Orora is committed to complying with its     communications and a range of forums             2018, which is publicly available on
                    obligations relating to the disclosure of    and publications, available on the               the Australian Government’s Modern
                    market sensitive information in a timely     Company’s website.                               Slavery Register and published on the
                    manner and providing shareholders and        Other shareholder engagement                     Company’s website
                    the market with up-to-date information       activities include:                            Giving shareholders the option to
                    about the Company’s activities. Orora’s                                                       receive communications from, and send
                                                                  Encouraging its shareholders to
                    Market Disclosure and Communications                                                          communications to, Orora and its share
                    Policy is available on Orora’s website and      participate in its general meetings,
                                                                    including the AGM, by attending,              registry electronically.
                    details the Company’s procedures to
                    ensure compliance with applicable legal         exercising their voting rights and         All ASX announcements, media releases
                    and regulatory requirements under the           asking questions of the Board.             and financial information are made
                    Corporations Act and the ASX Listing            Orora conducts all voting at general       available on Orora’s website within
                    Rules, and is reviewed regularly to ensure      meetings by a poll, ensuring that voting   one day of public release.
                    compliance with the ASX Listing Rules           outcomes reflect the proportionate
                    and guidance on continuous disclosure.          holdings of all shareholders who vote
                                                                    (whether in person or by proxy or other
                    The Board has responsibility for                representative). The Company’s external
                    compliance with Orora’s continuous              auditor will attend the AGM and will
                    disclosure obligations to keep the              be available to answer questions from
                    market fully informed of information            shareholders on the conduct of the audit
                    that may have a material effect on            Seeking
                                                                            shareholder approval as
                    the price or value of the Company’s
                                                                    required by the Company’s Constitution,
                    securities. Internal procedures and
                                                                    the Corporations Act and the ASX
                    guidelines for continuous disclosure and
                                                                    Listing Rules, or where otherwise
                    communications have been developed.
                                                                    considered appropriate by Directors




                    ORORA LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2021                                                                                                    37
               Board of
               Directors




For personal use only
               ROB SINDEL                                   BRIAN LOWE                                     ABI CLELAND
               (BEng, MBA, GAICD, FIEAust, CPEng)           (MBA)                                          (BA, BCom, MBA, GAICD)
               Independent Non-Executive Director           Managing Director and Chief Executive          Independent Non-Executive Director
               and Chair                                    Officer


               Rob Sindel has extensive experience          Prior to Orora, Brian Lowe spent eight         Abi Cleland has extensive global
               obtained from executive management           years with Delphi Technologies where he        experience in strategy, M&A, digital
               and leadership positions, principally from   was Managing Director of the Asia Pacific      and running businesses. This has been
               his 30 year career in the construction       Powertrain business, including five years      gained from senior executive roles in the
               industry both in Australia and the United    based in Shanghai. This followed a 10 year     industrial, retail, agriculture and financial
               Kingdom. Rob has particular insights in      career at General Electric (GE), where         services sectors, including with ANZ,
               manufacturing, sales and marketing in        he held various leadership roles in sales      Amcor, Incitec Pivot and as Managing
               B2B environments, strategic management       and marketing, and supply chain. He was        Director of 333 Management, after
               and operating in high-risk industries.       Managing Director of GE Plastics, Australia    starting her career at BHP working in
                                                            from 2001 to 2003.                             Australasia.
               Rob was formerly the Managing Director
               and Chief Executive Officer of CSR Limited   In his 10 years at Orora, Brian has been the   From 2012 to 2017, Abi established and
               from 2011 until 2019.                        Group General Manager of the Beverage          operated an advisory and management
                                                            (2011-2015) and Fibre (2016-2019)              business, Absolute Partners, focusing
               Director of Orora Limited since March
                                                            businesses. He was appointed Managing          on strategy and building businesses
               2019. Appointed Chair of the Board in
                                                            Director and Chief Executive Officer of        leveraging disruptive change, for
               February 2020.
                                                            Orora Limited in October 2019.                 large corporates and entrepreneurial
                                                                                                           businesses.
               Directorships of listed entities and other
               directorships and offices                    Board Committee membership                     Director of Orora Limited since
                                                                                                           February 2014.
               Current:
               • Director, Boral Limited
                                                                                                           Directorships of listed entities and other
                  (since September 2020)
                                                                                                           directorships and offices
               • Director, Mirvac Group
                  (since August 2020)                                                                      Current:
               • Member, Yalari NSW Advisory Committee                                                    • Director, Coles Group Ltd
                  (since August 2017)                                                                         (since November 2018)
                                                                                                           • Director, Computershare Limited
               Recent (last 3 years):
                                                                                                              (since February 2018)
               •Director, Australian Business and
                                                                                                           • Director, Methodist Ladies College
                  Community Network
                                                                                                              Victoria (since January 2021)
                  (October 2013 to November 2019)
                                                                                                           • Director, Sydney Airport Limited
               • Director, Green Building Council of
                                                                                                              (since April 2018)
                  Australia
                  (September 2013 to November 2019)                                                        Recent (last 3 years):
               • Managing Director and Chief Executive                                                    • Chair, Planwise Australia
                  Officer, CSR Limited                                                                        (June 2016 to March 2020) and Director
                  (January 2011 to September 2019)                                                            (January 2016 to March 2020)
               • Member, UNSW Australian School of                                                        • Director, Swimming Australia
                  Business Advisory Council                                                                   (Audit Chair) (July 2015 to June 2021)
                  (June 2013 to December 2019)
                                                                                                           Board Committee membership
               Board Committee membership




               38                                                                                                     ORORA LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                                                                  KEY — Committee Member (Chair of each committee indicated by black circle outline)

                                                                        Executive Committee                    Human Resources Committee

                                                                        Nomination Committee                   Audit, Risk & Compliance Committee

                                                                        Safety, Sustainability & Environment Committee




For personal use only
                    TOM GORMAN                                    SAM LEWIS                                         JEREMY SUTCLIFFE
                    (BA, MA, MBA)                                 (BA (Hons), CA, ACA, GAICD)                       (LLB (Hons))
                    Independent Non-Executive Director            Independent Non-Executive Director                Independent Non-Executive Director
                                                                                                                    and Deputy Chair


                    Thomas (Tom) Gorman brings a wealth of        Samantha (Sam) Lewis is a chartered               Jeremy Sutcliffe has broad international
                    experience to Orora, following a 30 year      accountant with extensive experience              corporate experience as CEO of two ASX
                    career in executive positions at Ford Motor   in accounting, finance, auditing, risk            Top 100 companies and has extensive
                    Company and Brambles Limited, of which        management, corporate governance,                 experience with businesses operating in
                    he was Chief Executive Officer. Tom has       capital markets and due diligence. Sam has        North America and Europe with diverse
                    worked in multiple functions including        been a non-executive director since 2014.         trading relationships in Asia. A qualified
                    finance, operations, logistics, marketing     Prior to becoming a non-executive director,       lawyer in Australia and the UK, Jeremy
                    and business development in England,          she spent 24 years with Deloitte, including       previously held positions with Baker
                    France, Australia and the United States       14 years as a Partner. In that role, she led      McKenzie, London and Sydney, Sims Metal
                    (of which he is a resident).                  the audit of a number of major Australian         Management Limited and associated
                                                                  listed companies in the retail, FMCG,             companies (including Group CEO), and
                    Tom graduated, cum laude, from Tufts
                                                                  manufacturing and industrial sectors. In          Interim Managing Director & CEO of
                    University with BA degrees in Economics
                                                                  addition, Sam provided accounting and             CSR Limited.
                    and International Relations, obtained an
                                                                  transactional advisory services including
                    MA from the Fletcher School of Law and                                                          Director of Orora Limited since December
                                                                  due diligence, IPOs and debt/equity
                    Diplomacy, and an MBA, with distinction,                                                        2013.
                                                                  raisings.
                    from the Harvard Business School.
                                                                  Sam holds a Bachelor of Arts, Economics           Directorships of listed entities and other
                    Director of Orora Limited since                                                                 directorships and offices
                                                                  from the University of Liverpool in the
                    September 2019.
                                                                  UK, and is a member of the Institute of
                                                                                                                    Current:
                                                                  Chartered Accountants in Australia and
                    Directorships of listed entities and other                                                      • Director, Amcor Limited
                                                                  the Institute of Chartered Accountants in
                    directorships and offices                                                                          (since October 2009)
                                                                  England and Wales.
                    Current:                                                                                        Recent (last 3 years):
                                                                  Director of Orora Limited since
                    • Director, Alcoa Corporation                                                                  • Member, Advisory Board of Veolia
                                                                  March 2014.
                       (since May 2021)                                                                                Environmental Services Australia
                    • Director, Sims Limited (since June 2020)                                                         (June 2010 to December 2018)
                                                                  Directorships of listed entities and other
                    • Director, Worley Limited
                                                                  directorships and offices
                       (since December 2017)                                                                        Board Committee membership
                                                                  Current:
                    Board Committee membership                    • Chair, APRA Audit and Risk Committee
                                                                    (since June 2016)
                                                                  • Director, Aurizon Holdings Limited
                                                                    (since February 2015)
                                                                  • Director, Nine Entertainment Co Holdings
                                                                    Limited (since March 2017)

                                                                  Board Committee membership




                    ORORA LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2021                                                                                                             39
               Executive
               Leadership team




For personal use only
               BRIAN LOWE                        SIMON BROMELL                     BOB FIRENZE                       SHAUN HUGHES
               (MBA)                             (BSc, GDip Agribus, GAICD)        (BA)                              (BComm, BA, GAICD, CA ANZ)
               Managing Director and Chief       Group General Manager,            President, Orora Visual           Chief Financial Officer
               Executive Officer                 Beverage


               Prior to Orora, Brian Lowe        Simon Bromell joined Orora        Robert (Bob) Firenze was          Shaun Hughes was appointed
               spent eight years with Delphi     in 2014 bringing 25 years’        appointed President, Orora        CFO at Orora in October
               Technologies where he was         experience in leadership roles    Visual in March 2020, bringing    2020, having spent more
               Managing Director of the Asia     across the national food supply   over 20 years’ experience in      than 20 years leading the
               Pacific Powertrain business,      chain in consumer goods and       sales and management in the       finance, procurement and IT
               including five years based        agribusiness. Prior to Orora,     North American packaging          teams for a range of ASX-
               in Shanghai. This followed        Simon was General Manager of      industry. Bob joined the          listed and multinational
               a 10 year career at General       Gold Coin Asia, and also spent    Company in 2001 as a Division     companies operating across
               Electric (GE), where he held      four years as Managing Director   Manager in Orora Packaging        diverse industries. Shaun
               various leadership roles in       of Fonterra’s Australian          Solutions. He was responsible     has extensive financial
               sales and marketing, and          Ingredients business.             for growing and expanding         management experience
               supply chain. He was Managing                                       the business in multiple North    in building and growing
                                                 Before this, he held senior
               Director of GE Plastics,                                            American regions and served       organisations having held
                                                 management roles across
               Australia from 2001 to 2003.                                        as Senior Vice President —        global leadership roles with
                                                 a range of businesses and
                                                                                   East Region, Orora Packaging      Telstra, Elders and IBM.
               In his 10 years at Orora, Brian   functions at Mars from 1996
                                                                                   Solutions immediately prior to
               has been the Group General        to 2009.                                                            Shaun was most recently the
                                                                                   his appointment as President,
               Manager of the Beverage                                                                               CFO of ASX-listed EBOS Group
                                                                                   Orora Visual.
               (2011-2015) and Fibre (2016-                                                                          Limited. Shaun is a member
               2019) businesses. He was                                                                              of the Institute of Chartered
               appointed Managing Director                                                                           Accountants of Australia and
               and Chief Executive Officer of                                                                        New Zealand.
               Orora Limited in October 2019.




               40                                                                                                   ORORA LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2021
For personal use only
                    FRANK PENNISI                       ANN STUBBINGS                      MATTHEW WILSON
                    (BS Eng, MS Eng)                    (BA/LLB, GAICD)                    (LLB, BCom (Hons))
                    President, Orora Packaging          Chief People, Sustainability and   Chief Strategy and Corporate
                    Solutions                           Governance Officer                 Development Officer
                                                        Company Secretary and Group
                    Frank Pennisi was appointed         General Counsel                    Matthew Wilson joined Orora
                    President of Orora Packaging                                           in January 2020, bringing
                    Solutions in November 2020.         Ann Stubbings leads the            over 20 years’ experience in
                    Prior to joining Orora, Frank was   Legal, Company Secretariat,        corporate finance and strategy.
                    the President of the Industrial     Sustainability, Human              Prior to Orora, Matthew
                    Technologies segment for            Resources, Corporate Affairs       was Managing Director
                    FLIR Systems, based in              and Corporate Safety teams.        at independent corporate
                    Goleta, California. In this role    Ann was appointed Company          advisory firm, Flagstaff
                    Frank accelerated the digital       Secretary and Group General        Partners, and previously spent
                    transformation of the business      Counsel upon Orora’s listing       15 years at J.P. Morgan in
                    through automation of tools         on the ASX in December 2013.       both Melbourne and Sydney
                    and services. Frank has also        Prior to joining Orora, Ann was    where he led the Australian
                    held leadership roles including     Senior Group Legal Counsel         investment banking division’s
                    VP Strategy and Marketing           at Amcor Limited (2008 to          coverage of healthcare,
                    with Honeywell where he drove       2013) and Alternate Company        telecommunications,
                    a range of strategic digital and    Secretary (2009 to 2013).          technology and private
                    commercial excellence growth                                           equity clients.
                    programs.                           Ann commenced her career
                                                        in private practice at Hall and    Matthew began his
                    Frank began his career with GE      Wilcox, and has held senior        professional career in the
                    where he held several general       in-house roles practising in       investment banking division
                    management and operational          corporate and commercial           of Macquarie Bank.
                    roles.                              law, insurance, dispute
                                                        resolution, governance and
                                                        company secretariat across
                                                        manufacturing and financial
                                                        services.




                    ORORA LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2021                                                                         41
               Directors’
               report
               The Directors of Orora Limited (Orora or
               the Company) present their report,




For personal use only
               together with the Financial Statements of
               the Company and its controlled entities
               (collectively referred to as the consolidated
               entity or the Orora Group), for the financial
               year ended 30 June 2021.




               IN THIS SECTION


               Directors’ report                          42    Directors’ interests                   45   Remuneration report                    47
               Statutory matters                           43   Unissued shares under option           45   Directors’ declaration                 64
               Board of directors                          43   Shares issued on exercise of options   45   Auditor’s independence declaration     65
               Company secretary                           43   On-market share purchases to satisfy   45
               Directors’ meetings                         43   employee share plans
               Operating and financial review              44   Indemnification and insurance          45
                                                                of officers
               State of affairs                            44
                                                                Indemnification of auditors            46
               Principal activities                        44
                                                                Proceedings on behalf of the Company   46
               Events subsequent to the                    44
               end of the financial year                        Non-audit services                     46
               Likely development                          44   Rounding off                           46
               Dividends                                   44   Corporate governance statement         46
               Environmental performance                   44
               and reporting




               42                                                                                                       ORORA LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                    DIRECTORS’ REPORT

                    Statutory
                    matters
                    BOARD OF DIRECTORS
                    The Directors of the Company in office as at the date of this report are:




For personal use only
                    A R H (Rob) Sindel
                    B P (Brian) Lowe
                    A P (Abi) Cleland
                    T J (Tom) Gorman
                    S L (Sam) Lewis
                    J L (Jeremy) Sutcliffe

                    All Directors served on the Board for the period from 1 July 2020 to 30 June 2021.

                    The qualifications, experience and special responsibilities of the current Directors, and other directorships held by them during the previous
                    three years, are set out on pages 38 to 39 of this Annual Report.

                    COMPANY SECRETARY
                    A L (Ann) Stubbings is the Company Secretary of the Company, having commenced the position on 25 September 2013. Ms Stubbings’
                    qualifications and experience are set out on page 41 of this Annual Report.

                    DIRECTORS’ MEETINGS
                    The following table sets out the number of Directors’ meetings (including meetings of Board Committees) held during the period from 1 July
                    2020 to 30 June 2021, and the number of meetings attended by each Director.

                                                                                                                                                                              Safety,
                                                                              Audit, Risk &                                                                                Sustainability
                                                                              Compliance               Executive          Human Resources            Nomination            & Environment
                                                               Board           Committee               Committee            Committee                Committee**             Committee

                    Scheduled Meetings                          10                  4                       2                       4                      -                       4
                    Unscheduled Meetings                        2                    -                      1                       1                      -                       -
                                                           A           B      A           B           A           B           A          B           A           B
                    A P Cleland                            12        12        4*          -          -           -           5           5           -          -           4             4
                    T J Gorman                             11        12       4           4           1*          -           5           5           -          -           2*            -
                    S L Lewis                              12        12       4           4           3           3           5*          -           -          -           4             4
                    B P Lowe                               12        12        4*          -          3           3           5*          -           -          -           4*            -
                    A R H Sindel                           12        12        4*          -          3           3           5*          -           -          -           4             4
                    J L Sutcliffe                          12        12       4           4           -           -           5           5           -          -           2*            -


                    A     Number of meetings attended.
                    B     Number of meetings held during the time the Director held office (in the case of Board meetings) or as a member of the committee during the year (in the case of
                          committee meetings).
                    *     Indicates that although the Director is not a member of a specific committee, the Director attended the meeting. All Directors are welcome to attend Committee
                          meetings even though they may not be a member.
                    **    All Nomination Committee matters were dealt with by the full Board during the financial year.




                    ORORA LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2021                                                                                                                                           43
               DIRECTORS’ REPORT

               Statutory
               matters



               OPERATING AND FINANCIAL REVIEW
               An operating and financial review of the consolidated entity during the financial year and the results of these operations begins at page 18 of




For personal use only
               this Annual Report.
               STATE OF AFFAIRS
               There have been no significant changes in the state of affairs of the consolidated entity during the financial year ended 30 June 2021 other
               than as disclosed in this Annual Report.
               PRINCIPAL ACTIVITIES
               The principal activities of the consolidated entity at the date of this report are set out in the “Orora at a Glance” section on page 1 of this
               Annual Report. There were no significant changes in the nature of the principal activities of the consolidated entity during the financial year
               ended 30 June 2021.
               EVENTS SUBSEQUENT TO THE END OF THE FINANCIAL YEAR
               There have been no matters or circumstances which have arisen between 30 June 2021 and the date of this report that have significantly
               affected, or may significantly affect, the operations of the Group, the results of those operations, or the state of affairs of the Group in future
               years.
               LIKELY DEVELOPMENTS
               The Operating and Financial Review section from pages 18 to 23 of this Annual Report contains information on the consolidated entity’s
               business strategies and prospects for future financial years, and refers to likely developments in the consolidated entity’s operations and the
               expected results of these operations in future financial years. Information on likely developments in the consolidated entity’s business
               strategies, prospects and operations for future financial years and the expected results of those operations has not been included in this report
               where the Directors believe it would likely result in unreasonable prejudice to the consolidated entity. Details that could give rise to material
               detriment to the consolidated entity, for example, information that is commercially sensitive, confidential or could give a third party a
               commercial advantage, have also not been included.
               DIVIDENDS
               Dividends paid or declared by the Company to members during the financial year ended 30 June 2021 are set out in note 2.2 to the Financial
               Statements.
               No waiver was sought from the Trustees of the Orora Employee Share Trusts in respect of the entitlement of Treasury Shares held in the Trusts
               to be paid from the 2021 interim or final dividends, in compliance with Australian Tax Office Tax Determination (TD 2019/13). The Trusts
               received dividends on unallocated shares and the Employee Share Trusts were subject to tax at the applicable rate on dividends received in
               respect of the unallocated shares.

               ENVIRONMENTAL PERFORMANCE AND REPORTING
               The Orora Group is committed to continuous improvement of its environmental performance by finding better ways to manufacture and
               distribute its products. This is guided by the Orora Group’s Environmental Policy, a copy of which is available on Orora’s website.
               (a) Carbon emissions
               The National Greenhouse and Energy Reporting (Safeguard Mechanism) Rule 2015 (Rule) made under the National Greenhouse and Energy
               Reporting Act 2007 (Cth) (NGER Act) applies to facilities with direct CO2 emissions (Scope 1) of greater than 100,000 tonnes per year. These
               facilities are required to maintain their direct emissions below their historical peak level. Facilities that exceed their historical peak CO2
               emissions will be required to purchase CO2 credits to offset their increase in emissions.
               The only Orora Group facility that exceeds the 100,000 tonnes per year CO2 threshold is the glass facility in Gawler, South Australia.
               Following the recent capacity expansion at this facility, Orora received approval from the Clean Energy Regulator for a new calculated CO2
               Baseline under section 22 of the Rule. This facility complies with its obligations under the Rule.
               (b) Greenhouse gas requirements
               In Australia, the Orora Group is subject to reporting obligations under the NGER Act.
               The NGER Act requires the Company to report on its annual Australian greenhouse gas emissions and energy use. The Orora Group has data
               gathering and management systems in place that comply with the NGER Act and the Clean Energy Regulator’s audit processes. To comply with
               this obligation, Orora provides a report to the Clean Energy Regulator each year.




               44                                                                                                               ORORA LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                    DIRECTORS’ REPORT

                    Statutory
                    matters



                    (c) Manufacturing
                    All of the Orora Group’s manufacturing sites are subject to significant environmental regulation, including, where applicable, specific




For personal use only
                    environmental licences. These licences require discharges to air, land and water to be below specified levels of contamination.

                    Compliance with these regulations and the Orora Group’s overall environmental performance is monitored by Orora’s internal Sustainability
                    Team, which liaises directly with divisional and site-based health, safety and environment professionals. The Orora Group’s environmental
                    performance and material regulatory compliance is also discussed regularly at Executive Leadership Team meetings.

                    The Directors are not aware of any material breaches of environmental regulations or site-specific licences during or since the financial year
                    ended 30 June 2021.

                    DIRECTORS’ INTERESTS
                    The relevant interests of each Director in the share capital of the Company as at the date of this report are as follows:

                                                                                                                                                                           Number
                    Name                                                                                                                                                  of shares

                    Directors of Orora Limited
                    A P Cleland                                                                                                                                           128,574
                    T J Gorman                                                                                                                                             56,000
                    S L Lewis                                                                                                                                              91,705
                    B P Lowe                                                                                                                                            538,634(1)
                    A R H Sindel                                                                                                                                          140,000
                    J L Sutcliffe                                                                                                                                         131,355


                    (1)    Details of rights and options over shares in the Company held by B P Lowe are set out in section 6.4 of the Remuneration Report.



                    UNISSUED SHARES UNDER OPTION
                    Unissued ordinary shares or interests of the Company under option as at the date of this report are as follows:

                                                                                                                                                                           Number
                    Options granted                                                                                          Expiry date                 Issue price   under option

                    30 Oct 2015                                                                                            30 Sep 2024                         2.08       226,567
                    20 Oct 2017                                                                                            30 Aug 2026                         2.86     3,183,125
                    22 Oct 2018                                                                                            31 Aug 2027                         3.58     1,226,125


                    These options do not allow the holder to participate in any share or rights issue of the Company. Refer to the Remuneration Report for further
                    information.

                    SHARES ISSUED ON EXERCISE OF OPTIONS
                    There were no ordinary shares of the Company issued during or since the financial year ended 30 June 2021 on the exercise of options granted
                    over unissued shares or interests.

                    ON-MARKET SHARE PURCHASES TO SATISFY EMPLOYEE SHARE PLANS
                    During the financial year ended 30 June 2021, 412,275 ordinary shares of the Company were purchased on-market and held on trust to satisfy
                    obligations under the Company’s employee incentive plans. The average price per security at which these shares were purchased was $2.29.

                    INDEMNIFICATION AND INSURANCE OF OFFICERS
                    In accordance with the Company’s Constitution, the Company has entered into agreements with each person who is, or has been, an officer of
                    the Company. This includes the Directors in office at the date of this report, all former Directors and other executive officers of the Company,
                    indemnifying them against any liability to any person other than the Company, or a related body corporate, that may arise from their acting as
                    officers of the Company, notwithstanding that they may have ceased to hold office. There is an exception where the liability arises out of
                    conduct involving a lack of good faith, or is otherwise prohibited by law.




                    ORORA LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2021                                                                                                                            45
               DIRECTORS’ REPORT

               Statutory
               matters



               During and since the end of the financial year ended 30 June 2021, the Company has paid or agreed to pay the premiums for an insurance
               policy to insure current and previous Directors and other executive officers of the Company against certain liabilities incurred in that capacity.




For personal use only
               Due to the confidentiality obligations and undertakings set out in these agreements, no further details in respect of the premiums paid, or the
               terms of the agreements, can be disclosed.

               No indemnity payment has been made under any of the documents referred to above during or since the financial year ended 30 June 2021.

               INDEMNIFICATION OF AUDITORS
               The Company’s auditor is PricewaterhouseCoopers (PwC). During and since the financial year ended 30 June 2021:

               •    no premium has been paid by the Company in respect of any insurance for PwC
               •    no indemnity has been paid by the Company in respect of PwC’s appointment as auditor
               •    no officers of the Company were partners or directors of PwC, while PwC undertook an audit of the Company.

               PROCEEDINGS ON BEHALF OF THE COMPANY
               No proceedings have been brought or intervened in on behalf of the Company with leave of the Court, nor has any application for leave been
               made in respect of the Company, under section 237 of the Corporations Act 2001.

               NON-AUDIT SERVICES
               During the year, PwC, the Company’s auditor, performed certain other services in addition to their statutory duties. The Board has considered
               the non-audit services provided during the financial year ended 30 June 2021 by the auditor and, in accordance with written advice provided
               by resolution of the Audit, Risk & Compliance Committee, is satisfied that the provision of those non-audit services during the financial year by
               the auditors is compatible with the general standard of independence for auditors, and did not compromise, the auditor independence
               requirements of the Corporations Act 2001 for the following reasons:

               •    All non-audit services were subject to the corporate governance procedures adopted by the Company and have been reviewed by the
                    Audit, Risk & Compliance Committee to ensure they do not impact the impartiality and objectivity of the auditor. In particular, all non-audit
                    services are approved in accordance with the non-audit services delegations and approvals framework and reported to the Audit, Risk &
                    Compliance Committee at each meeting.
               •    The non-audit services provided do not undermine the general principles relating to auditor independence as set out in APES 110 Code of
                    Ethics for Professional Accountants, as they did not involve reviewing or auditing the auditor’s own work, acting in a management or
                    decision-making capacity for the Company, acting as an advocate for the Company or jointly sharing risks and rewards. A copy of the
                    auditor’s independence declaration as required under section 307C of the Corporations Act 2001 can be found on page 65 of this
                    Annual Report.
               •    Details of the amounts paid to PwC and its related practices for audit and non-audit services provided during the financial year are set out
                    in note 7.2 to the Financial Statements. In each case, the engagement of PwC was made on its merits (based on service level, expertise,
                    cost, as well as geographical spread).

               ROUNDING OFF
               The Company is of a kind referred to in the ASIC Corporations (Rounding in Financial/Directors’ Reports) Instrument 2016/191. In accordance
               with the ASIC Corporations (Rounding in Financial/Directors’ Reports) Instrument 2016/191, and except where otherwise stated, amounts in
               the Financial Statements and Directors’ Report have been rounded off to the nearest $100,000 or to zero where the amount is $50,000 or less.

               CORPORATE GOVERNANCE STATEMENT
               The key features of the Company’s corporate governance framework are set out in the Corporate Governance Statement, which is available on
               pages 24 to 37 of this Annual Report.




               46                                                                                                             ORORA LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                    DIRECTORS’ REPORT

                    Remuneration
                    report
                                                         Orora’s remuneration framework balances short and
                                                         long-term returns to shareholders as demonstrated




For personal use only
                                                         by the strong alignment between financial performance
                                                         and executive remuneration outcomes.
                                                         TOM GORMAN
                                                         CHAIR, Human Resources Committee




                    Dear Fellow Shareholder,

                    On behalf of the Orora Board of Directors, I am pleased to present Orora’s Remuneration Report for the financial year ended 30 June 2021. In
                    my role as Chair of the Human Resources Committee, I have continued to work with Committee members, Orora management and the other
                    Directors over the past year to ensure Orora’s Human Resources policies and remuneration framework are structured to support Orora’s long-
                    term sustainability and continue to attract, retain and motivate our employees. We remain committed to ensuring our reporting is transparent
                    and our communication is clear and concise.

                    OVERVIEW
                    This year, the Orora team was faced with another 12 months of challenges presented by the pandemic – particularly in North America where
                    the impacts of COVID-19 have been unrelenting. With all businesses still classified as essential services, Orora forged ahead focusing first and
                    foremost on the safety of our people, meeting the ever-evolving needs of Orora’s customers, and responding to fluctuating demands across
                    different segments. These measures helped to drive Orora’s solid performance and ensure Orora remains a robust and stable organisation that
                    can withstand these current challenges and, importantly, leverage the opportunities that lie ahead.

                    COMPANY PERFORMANCE (CONTINUING BUSINESSES ONLY) AND FINANCIAL YEAR 2021 REMUNERATION OUTCOMES
                    The Company’s results for the financial year ended 30 June 2021 reflect Orora’s resilience, improved execution of strategy and financial
                    discipline with strong performance in Australasian Beverage, and continued improvement in OPS and Orora Visual in North America despite
                    ongoing challenging conditions. For the financial year ended 30 June 2021, Orora has delivered earnings before significant items, interest and
                    tax (EBIT) of $249.1 million.

                    Orora’s executives are rewarded for annual performance against business plans as well as longer-term returns for shareholders. The short-term
                    incentive (STI) assessment includes financial and non-financial metrics (at a Group and individual level). The STI outcomes for this year reflect
                    the strong alignment between Orora’s financial performance, executive remuneration outcomes and the challenging nature of Orora’s business
                    objectives. As it is our belief that the organisation and its people must retain the agility to adapt and perform against a wide array of
                    challenging circumstances, the Board did not exclude any COVID-19 impact on the Group’s financial performance in the assessment
                    of STI or long-term incentive (LTI) outcomes.

                    STI payments for the current Executive KMP will be paid at 100% of their maximum STI opportunity.

                    On 30 June 2021, the LTI grant awarded for the financial year ended 30 June 2018 was tested. Return on Average Funds Employed (RoAFE) and
                    Absolute Total Shareholder Return (ATSR) gateways were met; however the threshold Earnings Per Share (EPS) and Relative Total Shareholder
                    Return (RTSR) were not, which resulted in the grant not vesting.

                    During FY21, reflecting challenging global economic conditions and in line with market, there were no Executive KMP remuneration increases.

                    For the new financial year, reflecting the overall performance of the Company, along with total compensation outcomes for this year, the
                    Board has decided that the Executive KMP will receive a fixed remuneration increase of 2.5%, in line with market increases.




                    ORORA LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2021                                                                                                             47
               DIRECTORS’ REPORT

               Remuneration
               report



               REMUNERATION CHANGES DURING THE FINANCIAL YEAR
               As disclosed in 2019, the Board removed options from the LTI plan to better align the LTI with market practice and meet the goals of Orora’s




For personal use only
               remuneration framework, with performance rights now the only form of grant under the LTI plan. Performance is measured across a three-
               year period, with an additional one-year employment restriction before vesting. The LTI grant awarded in the financial year ended 30 June
               2019 will be the final LTI vesting to include options.

               The 2020 Remuneration Report outlined that while the Board had decided to make no change to the performance hurdles under the LTI
               plans as a result of the sale of the Australasian Fibre business, it was deemed appropriate to update the RoAFE gateway and re-base the EPS
               calculations for LTI grants prior to FY21 to exclude the discontinued Australasian Fibre business. This change has now been reflected in the
               LTI plans.

               FINAL THOUGHTS
               I commend the Orora team for their resilience and commitment to continuing to keep Orora team members safe and deliver positive results in
               these extraordinarily challenging times. On the following pages you will find the FY21 Remuneration Report for your perusal. I would be happy
               to hear from shareholders to provide any further clarification you may need in respect of this Report. I would also like to thank shareholders
               for their ongoing support of Orora.

               Warm regards,




               TOM GORMAN
               CHAIR, Human Resources Committee




               48                                                                                                          ORORA LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                    DIRECTORS’ REPORT

                    Remuneration
                    report



                    INTRODUCTION
                    The Remuneration Report provides a summary of Orora’s remuneration policy and practice for Key Management Personnel (KMP) for the




For personal use only
                    financial year ended 30 June 2021. This report has been prepared as required by the Corporations Act 2001 (Cth) for the Company and its
                    controlled entities (collectively, the Group or Orora) and has been audited by Orora’s external auditor. This Remuneration Report forms part
                    of the Directors’ Report.

                    STRUCTURE OF THIS REPORT
                    Orora’s 2021 Remuneration Report is divided into the following sections:

                    Section                                                                                                                                                      Page No.

                    Message from Tom Gorman, Chair Human Resources Committee                                                                                                           47
                    u Key management personnel                                                                                                                                         49
                    v Overview of FY21 remuneration                                                                                                                                    50
                    w Remuneration framework                                                                                                                                           52
                    x Relationship between performance and remuneration outcomes                                                                                                       54
                    y Non-Executive Director remuneration                                                                                                                              59
                    z Additional required disclosures                                                                                                                                  59


                    1.    Key Management Personnel (KMP)
                    For the purposes of this Remuneration Report, KMP include executive and non-executive directors and nominated senior executives who have
                    authority and responsibility for planning, directing and controlling the activities of the Group, either directly or indirectly. For the year ended 30
                    June 2021, the KMP were:

                    Table 1
                    Name                                          Position                                                           Term as KMP

                    Non-Executive Directors
                    A R H (Rob) Sindel                            Chairman                                                           Full year
                    A P (Abi) Cleland                             Director                                                           Full year
                    T J (Tom) Gorman                              Director                                                           Full year
                    S L (Sam) Lewis                               Director                                                           Full year
                    J L (Jeremy) Sutcliffe                        Director                                                           Full year
                    Executive Director
                    B P (Brian) Lowe                              Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer (CEO)                Full year
                    Executive
                    S C (Shaun) Hughes1                           Chief Financial Officer (CFO)                                      Partial year
                    S G (Stuart) Hutton1                          Chief Financial Officer (CFO)                                      Partial year

                    (1)    S C Hughes was appointed to the role of Chief Financial Officer on 15 October 2020; replacing S G Hutton, who ceased employment with Orora on 31 December 2020.




                    ORORA LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2021                                                                                                                                   49
               DIRECTORS’ REPORT

               Remuneration
               report



               2.       Overview of FY21 remuneration
               2.1. Summary of remuneration framework




For personal use only
               Orora’s executive remuneration framework applies to the CEO and all of his direct reports of which the Executive KMP form a subset. This
               framework was introduced in FY20. Refer to Section 3.1 for a detailed explanation of the current remuneration components. Refer to Section
               6.3 for an explanation of performance hurdles used and the vesting schedule.

                                                                              OUR VISION
                                                      TO BE A LEADING SUSTAINABLE PACKAGING SOLUTIONS PROVIDER

                                     Our vision is supported by our remuneration principles and performance framework, overseen by the Board

                                                                                    REMUNERATION PRINCIPLES

                Attract, motivate and                             Drive a high-                                                         Create long-term
                retain talent                                     performance culture                                                   shareholder value

                                                                                  REMUNERATION COMPONENTS1

                Fixed remuneration (FR)                           Short-Term Incentive (STI)                                            Long-Term Incentive (LTI)2
                • A market-based reward for role.                 • Rewards the achievement of Group and individual                     • Reinforces focus on creating long-term value
                • Delivered as cash salary and                      goals over a 12-month period.                                         for shareholders.
                  contribution to retirement benefits.            • CEO has a target STI of 70% of FR and a maximum                     • 50% to 70% of FR delivered as an upfront grant
                                                                    opportunity of 100% of FR. The other Executives have a                of Performance Rights (PR) with a 3-year
                                                                    target of 50% and a maximum opportunity of 75% of FR.                 performance period and an additional 1-year
                                                                  • 2/3 delivered in cash and 1/3 in Deferred Share                       holding lock before vesting.
                                                                    Rights (DSR) deferred for 2 years.

                                                                                        LINK TO PERFORMANCE

                • Any increases in salary will consider the • A scorecard of performance measures at a Group level is                   The following performance hurdles apply to LTI
                  market median remuneration for              used to determine STI award payable. The scorecard                        aligning executive and shareholder interests:
                  similar roles and individual                represents the key priority areas for the current year and                • Earnings per Share (EPS) growth with a Return
                  performance.                                typically includes strategic initiatives and has a strong                   on Average Capital Employed (RoAFE) gateway.
                                                              weighting towards financial growth and returns. A safety
                                                              and performance overlay also applies.                                     • Relative Total Shareholder Return (RTSR)
                                                                                                                                          with an Absolute Total Shareholder Return
                                                                  • Deferral of payment in equity aligns reward outcomes with             (ATSR) gateway.
                                                                    long-term value creation for shareholders.


                                                                   Supports alignment of Executive and Shareholder interests

                Large proportion of remuneration              Clawback and malus provisions               Use of EPS, RoAFE, RTSR and                 Minimum shareholding
                is at risk and delivered as equity            apply to all equity                         ATSR performance hurdles for PR             requirements



               (1)      An award of shares or cash deferred up to five years is occasionally used at the time of recruitment to replace existing entitlements from previous employers or as a
                        specific retention award for existing executives.
               (2)      FY18 grant which did not vest in 2021 and FY19 grant, which has a vesting date of August 2022, are comprised of performance rights and options. These awards are
                        subject to a four-year performance and vesting period.




               50                                                                                                                                     ORORA LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                    DIRECTORS’ REPORT

                    Remuneration
                    report



                    2.2. Snapshot of FY21 performance and remuneration outcomes
                    The Executive KMP remuneration outcomes for the financial year ended 30 June 2021 are summarised below. For more detailed information




For personal use only
                    on remuneration outcomes and link to performance, please refer to Section 4.

                    Remuneration
                    component               Description

                        Fixed                 •   The Fixed Remuneration of the current CFO at the time of commencing his position in October 2020 was
                        Remuneration (FR)         competitively positioned against similar roles in listed companies, of similar size and complexity.
                                              •   Reflecting the challenging global economic conditions and in line with the market, the Board did not increase
                                                  the CEO’s remuneration for the financial year ended 30 June 2021.
                                              •   For the new financial year, reflecting the overall performance of the Company, the Board has decided that the
                                                  Executive KMP will receive a fixed remuneration increase of 2.5%, in line with market increases.

                        Short-Term            FY21 Award
                        Incentive (STI)       • Orora’s STI assessment includes several financial and non-financial metrics (at Group and individual level).
                                              • The Earnings before Interest and Tax (EBIT) and Average Working Capital (AWC) as a % of sales exceeded the
                                                 targets set by the Board for the financial year ended 30 June 2021.
                                              • As a result, STI payments for current Executive KMP will be paid out at 100% of their maximum STI
                                                 opportunity. This amount will be pro-rated for the current CFO for the period he was employed at Orora. 1/3
                                                 of the STI award will be delivered in DSR deferred over two years.

                                              Award due to vest in FY21 and FY22
                                              • DSR awarded as part of the STI payment for the financial year ended 30 June 2018 vested in September 2020.
                                                 The Board did not identify any performance or conduct factors that would warrant lapsing of unvested equity.
                                                 Accordingly, the Board approved full vesting of the FY18 DSR.
                                              • DSR awarded as part of the STI payment for the financial year ended 30 June 2019 are due to vest in
                                                 September 2021. The Board did not identify any performance or conduct factors that would warrant lapsing of
                                                 unvested equity. Accordingly, the Board approved full vesting of the FY19 DSR. For this equity to vest, the
                                                 executive must remain employed till the vesting date (September 2021).

                        Long-Term             FY21 Award
                        Incentive (LTI)       • Executive KMP were awarded 70% of their FR as Performance Rights with a 3-year performance period (1 July
                                                 2020 to 30 June 2023) and an additional 1-year holding lock before vesting. The grant to the CEO was awarded
                                                 post shareholder approval at the 2020 AGM.

                                              Award tested in FY21
                                              • The FY18 LTI grant had a 4-year performance period which ended on 30 June 2021 and is due to vest in August
                                                 2021.
                                              • 50% of the award had an EPS performance hurdle with a RoAFE gateway and 50% had a RTSR performance
                                                 hurdle with an ATSR gateway.
                                              • Although the RoAFE and ATSR gateways were met, the EPS and RTSR performance was below the threshold
                                                 required for vesting.
                                              • Accordingly, the FY18 LTI grant did not vest.




                    ORORA LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2021                                                                                                           51
               DIRECTORS’ REPORT

               Remuneration
               report



               3.       Remuneration framework
               3.1. Remuneration components




For personal use only
               Remuneration
               component                       Description

               Fixed                              •    Includes Cash salary and contribution to retirement benefits.
               Remuneration (FR)                  •    The Board sets the fixed remuneration for KMP based on market median remuneration for similar roles in
                                                       ASX-listed companies of similar size and geographical footprint. The annual review of fixed remuneration
                                                       takes into consideration market relativity, skills, experience, past performance and impact on total
                                                       remuneration.

               Short-Term                         •    Rewards the achievement of Group, and individual financial and non-financial goals over a 12-month period.
               Incentive (STI)                    •    2/3 of the award is delivered annually in cash following the release of the end of year financial results.
                                                  •    1/3 of the award is delivered in DSR1 deferred over two years subject to malus conditions. Vesting after two
                                                       years is subject to continued service.
                                                  •    The number of units is calculated as 1/3 of the STI award divided by the volume-weighted average share price
                                                       (VWAP) of Orora shares for the five trading days up to and including the end of the financial year (30 June).
                                                  •    The CEO has a target STI of 70% of FR and a maximum opportunity of 100% of FR. Other executives have a
                                                       target of 50% and a maximum opportunity of 75% of FR.

               Long-Term                          •    Aligns executive and shareholder interests by reinforcing executive focus on long-term sustainable
               Incentive (LTI)                         shareholder returns.
                                                  •    50% to 70% of FR delivered as PR1 subject to a three-year vesting period and an additional one-year
                                                       employment holding lock with the following performance hurdles:
                                                       - Growth in EPS hurdle with a RoAFE gateway – 50% weight
                                                       - RTSR hurdle with an ATSR gateway – 50% weight
                                                  •    The combination of EPS and RoAFE represents a strong measure of overall business performance.
                                                  •    The use of RTSR hurdle with an ATSR gateway focuses on growth of the Group and creating above average
                                                       value for shareholders. Refer to Section 6.3 for a more detailed explanation of the hurdles used.
                                                  •    After considering internal and external benchmarks, the Board set the following performance hurdles for the
                                                       FY21 LTI grant:
                                                       - PR subject to EPS hurdle: RoAFE gateway of 12.5% must be met for the performance period for vesting to
                                                           occur. If the RoAFE gateway is met, EPS growth of 4% over the performance period will be required for
                                                           50% vesting, with 100% vesting requiring an EPS growth of 8%.
                                                       - PR subject to RTSR hurdle: Orora’s Absolute Total Shareholder return (ATSR) over the performance period
                                                           must not be negative for vesting to occur. If the ATSR gateway is met, RTSR over the performance period
                                                           must be at the 50th percentile of the comparator group for 50% vesting, with 100% vesting requiring RTSR
                                                           to be at the 75th percentile.
                                                  •    The number of units granted is calculated as value of the grant (50% to 70% of FR) divided by the VWAP of
                                                       Orora shares for the five trading days prior to the start of the financial year (1 July).
                                                  •    For LTI grants from FY22, the share price used to calculate the ATSR of the Group and each of the comparator
                                                       companies for the performance period will use the 20 trading days VWAP for both the starting share price and
                                                       the closing share price. The previous approach used five trading days VWAP for the starting share price and
                                                       20 trading days VWAP for the closing share price. This change has been made to reduce the impact of share
                                                       price volatility and to improve consistency.


               (1)      A Right (either DSR or PR) is the right to receive one Orora share (or cash of equivalent value) upon vesting and exercise at no cost, subject to adjustment for certain
                        capital actions. Rights do not carry any dividend entitlements or voting rights prior to exercise. Shares allocated upon exercise carry the same rights as any other Orora
                        share. For DSR and PR, forfeiture and clawback provisions apply for behaviour contrary to Orora’s values or any actions that bring the Group or any company within the
                        Group into disrepute. If employment ceases due to resignation or dismissal, any unvested DSR or PR will lapse. If employment ceases due to other reasons, the Board
                        has discretion with respect to unvested Rights, including to lapse any unvested DSR or PR fully or partially.




               52                                                                                                                                      ORORA LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                    DIRECTORS’ REPORT

                    Remuneration
                    report



                    3.2. Target remuneration mix and delivery
                    Orora’s executive remuneration framework provides an appropriate mix of short, medium and long-term incentives to attract, motivate and




For personal use only
                    retain talent and to drive high performance. Delivering a significant portion of remuneration in equity (1/3 of STI delivered as DSR deferred
                    over two years and LTI delivered as PR subject to a three-year vesting period and an additional one-year employment holding lock) aligns the
                    interests of executives and shareholders.


                                                       MD & CEO                                                                   OTHER EXECUTIVE KMP




                    Delivering a significant portion of remuneration as equity over a four-year period reinforces executive focus on achieving long-term objectives
                    and creating sustainable value for shareholders.




                    (1)   The grants to the CEO are awarded post shareholder approval at the 2020 AGM (for LTI) and 2021 AGM (for STI).




                    ORORA LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2021                                                                                                             53
               DIRECTORS’ REPORT

               Remuneration
               report



               4.       Relationship between performance and remuneration outcomes
               4.1. Performance framework




For personal use only
               Orora’s executives are rewarded for annual performance against challenging business plans as well as longer term returns for shareholders.
               Financial and non-financial performance measures that align to the key priority areas for the Group are carefully selected at the start of the
               financial year by the Board. The performance measures selected for FY21 and assessment against these measures is summarised below:




               4.2. Performance outcome
               Achievement against the performance measures both at a Group and individual level is assessed every six months by the Human Resources
               Committee (HRC), which provides recommendations to the Board. At the end of the financial year the Board determines the STI outcome for
               executives based on their performance against the agreed measures.

               The STI assessment includes a number of financial and non-financial metrics (at a Group and Individual level).

               Significant items (both positive and negative) are assessed each year by the Board to determine whether any significant items should be
               included in the STI assessment, and in the past have been generally excluded for the purpose of measuring performance for STIs as they are
               not part of ordinary trading results. The Board has determined that the impact of significant item expenses related to the decommissioning of
               the Petrie Mill site and gains related to the finalisation of the post-close completion process of the Australasian Fibre divestment will be
               excluded.

               At the end of the financial year, the HRC also reviews Group performance against the LTI performance hurdles to confirm the vesting outcome
               of any PR that have completed their performance period. The HRC also assesses if there are any significant Group or individual performance
               factors that require the Board to apply discretion to clawback previously granted equity or reduce the quantum of LTI to be granted.




               54                                                                                                            ORORA LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                    DIRECTORS’ REPORT

                    Remuneration
                    report



                    4.2 Performance outcome (continued)
                    An overview of the performance measures for FY21 and achievement against these measures is summarised below.




For personal use only
                    KPI                                                   Outcome                                Performance outcome commentary

                    Group earnings                                        Exceeded target.                       The focused execution of strategic priorities
                    Earnings before Interest and Tax (EBIT)                                                      has led to a 17.3% increase in constant
                                                                                                                 currency underlying EBIT and reported
                                                                                                                 underlying EPS of 16.9 cents—growth of 29%
                                                                                                                 before significant items.

                    Group asset management                                Exceeded target.                       AWC continued to be a priority and the result
                    Average working capital (AWC) as a % of sales                                                for the financial year ended 30 June 2021 was
                                                                                                                 better than the medium/long-term goal of
                                                                                                                 being less than 10%.

                    Individual strategic measures                       Assessed as fully achieved for           For Executive KMP, outcomes were assessed
                    Performance measures vary for each role and support Executive KMP. Performance               as fully achieved. Performance outcomes
                    Orora’s strategy of expanding and optimising Group outcomes varied for other executives.     varied for other executives with assessments
                    outcomes                                                                                     ranging from partially achieved to fully
                                                                                                                 achieved.

                    Safety overlay                                        No overlay applied for Executive KMP. Safety results for the Group were satisfactory
                    Performance and leadership against a                  Safety overlay varied for other       despite the extraordinary demands due to
                    selection of key safety metrics                       executives.                           COVID safety requirements and remote
                                                                                                                working. Safety improvement initiatives
                                                                                                                continue across the business.

                    Performance overlay                                   No overlay was applied.                The Board considered how the executives
                    The Board also considers:                                                                    achieved performance and was satisfied that
                    • if performance was aligned to Orora’s values;                                              the STI outcomes were appropriate, and no
                    • if the Executive was proactive in overcoming                                               further performance overlay was necessary.
                        challenges in the delivery of the final outcome
                    • what their individual contribution was to the
                        Group performance.




                    ORORA LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2021                                                                                                         55
               DIRECTORS’ REPORT

               Remuneration
               report



               4.3. Group financial performance (Total Operations)
               The table below summarises the key indicators of Orora’s performance and relevant shareholder returns for the five years to 30 June 2021. The




For personal use only
               table below shows total operations of the Group including the Australasian Fibre business which was divested during the FY20 financial year,
               and which is presented in the Financial Report as a discontinued operation.

               Financial summary for year ended 30 June                                  2021(A)                  2020(B)                  2019(B)                   2018(B)                 2017(B)

               EBIT ($m)                                                                  249.1                    288.2                    335.2                    323.4                   302.3
               Dividends per ordinary share (cents)                                         14.0                    12.0                      13.0                     12.5                    11.0
               Closing share price (as at 30 June)                                        $3.33                    $2.54                    $3.24                    $3.57                   $2.86
               EPS growth (%)                                                            (2.3%)                 (22.9%)                       3.7%                   11.5%                   14.6%
               NPAT ($m)                                                                  156.7                    167.3                    217.0                    214.1                   186.2
               TSR (%)(C)                                                                32.6%                  (13.4%)                    (5.6%)                    29.0%                    5.9%
               Operating cash flow ($m)(D)                                                245.9                     57.9                    268.9                    325.3                   331.4
               RoAFE (%)(E)                                                              19.9%                    12.0%                    13.0%                     14.0%                   13.6%

               (A)      EBIT, NPAT, EPS growth and RoAFE exclude the impact of the significant item expense of $38.6 million (after tax $27.0 million) in respect of additional costs associated
                        with the decommissioning of the Petrie Mill site and a significant item income of $1.5 million (after tax $6.1 million) relating to the finalisation of the post-close
                        completion process of the Australasian Fibre divestment. Refer to Note 1.2 of the financial statements for further detail.
               (B)      EBIT, NPAT, EPS growth and RoAFE exclude the impact of the significant item income and expense items. Details of the significant items excluded from these measures,
                        for each year in the table above, can be found in the relevant 2017-2020 Annual Reports.
               (C)      TSR is calculated as the change in share price for the financial year, plus dividends paid during the financial year, divided by the opening share price for the financial
                        year.
               (D)      Operating cash flow excludes cash significant items that are considered to be outside the ordinary course of operations and non-recurring in nature but includes net
                        capital expenditure.
               (E)      RoAFE is calculated as Earnings Before Income and Tax (EBIT) excluding significant items divided by average funds employed.



               4.4. Fixed remuneration
               Reflecting the challenging global economic conditions, the Board assessed remuneration movements in line with market and determined that
               there would be no remuneration increase for Executive KMP for the financial year ended 30 June 2021.

               A minor adjustment was made in July 2021 for Executive KMP to align their superannuation with the increased Superannuation Guarantee rate
               effective 1 July 2021.

               For the new financial year, reflecting the overall performance of the Company, along with total compensation outcomes for this year, the
               Board has decided that the Executive KMP will receive a fixed remuneration increase of 2.5%, in line with market increases.

               4.5. Short-term incentive outcomes
               FY21 STI award
               An overview of Orora’s performance measures for FY21 and achievement against these measures can be found in Section 4.2. Orora’s EBIT and
               AWC performance for FY21 exceeded the targets set by the Board. The FY21 STI outcomes reflect Orora’s resilience, improved execution of
               strategy and financial discipline despite ongoing challenging conditions. After considering individual and business performance against the
               financial and non-financial targets set by the Board, STI payments were paid as per the table below.

                                                                                                                             STI awarded(1)

                                   Target STI as Maximum STI as                                                                                                                % of maximum STI
               Executive KMP          % of FR       % of FR                      $                 % of FR         Cash STI ($)           DSR ($)            # of DSR               forfeited

               B P Lowe                 70%                100%             1,250,000              100%              833,335             416,665             127,032                     -
               S C Hughes(2)            50%                 75%              358,826                75%              239,218             119,608             36,466                      -
               S G Hutton(3)            50%                 75%                   -                   -                  -                    -                  -                       -

               (1)      The cash and deferred performance rights will be granted in September 2021. Deferred performance right allocations are determined based on the volume-weighted
                        average price of the Company’s shares for the five trading days prior to 30 June 2021 ($3.28 per share).
               (2)      S C Hughes was appointed Chief Financial Officer effective 15 October 2020 and was designated as a KMP from this date. The STI award for Mr Hughes was pro-rated
                        for the period 15 October 2020 to 30 June 2021.
               (3)      S G Hutton retired as Chief Financial Officer on 15 October 2020 and ceased to be designated as a KMP from this date. Mr Hutton was not awarded any short-term
                        incentive.




               56                                                                                                                                         ORORA LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                    DIRECTORS’ REPORT

                    Remuneration
                    report



                    STI Award due to vest in FY21 and FY22
                    DSR awarded as part of the STI payment for the financial year ending 30 June 2018 vested in September 2020. The Board did not identify any




For personal use only
                    performance or conduct factors that would warrant lapsing of unvested equity. Accordingly, the Board approved full vesting of the FY18 DSR.

                    DSR awarded as part of the STI payment for the financial year ended 30 June 2019 are due to vest in September 2021. The Board did not
                    identify any performance or conduct factors that would warrant lapsing of unvested equity. Accordingly, the Board approved full vesting of the
                    FY19 DSR. For this equity to vest, the executive must remain employed till the vesting date (September 2021).


                    4.6. Long-term incentive outcomes
                    FY21 LTI award
                    Details of the Executive KMP LTI opportunity and the actual award for FY21 are provided below:

                    Executive KMP         LTI as % of FR    # of units granted     Face value of grant(1)    Performance hurdles associated with the grant

                    B P Lowe                  70%                339,147                 912,305             50% CAGR EPS with minimum RoAFE gateway of 12.5%.
                    S C Hughes                70%                183,000                 488,610             50% Relative Total Shareholder Return (TSR) with an absolute TSR
                                                                                                             gateway.
                    S G Hutton(2)             70%                188,500                 459,940
                                                                                                             A post-vesting holding lock applies until 31 August 2024.
                                                                                                             Refer to Section 3.1 for further details.

                    (1)   Face value of grant reflects the share price at the date the award was granted. The award for Mr Lowe was granted on 28 October 2020 ($2.69 per share), for Mr
                          Hughes the award was granted on 6 November 2020 ($2.67 per share) and for Mr Hutton the award was granted on 7 October ($2.44 per share).
                    (2)   S G Hutton retired as Chief Financial Officer on 15 October 2020 and ceased to be designated as a KMP from this date. The PR granted to Mr Hutton in FY21 were
                          forfeited upon his retirement.



                    LTI tested in FY21
                    The FY18 grant was delivered as PR and Share Options (SO) with 100% of SO and 1/3 of PR subject to the EPS hurdle with RoAFE gateway and
                    2/3 of PR subject to the RTSR hurdle with ATSR gateway. Refer to Section 6.3 for a more detailed explanation of the hurdles used and the
                    vesting schedule. The performance period for the grant commenced on 1 July 2017 and concluded on 30 June 2021 and this grant is due to vest
                    in August 2021. The results are outlined below:

                    Performance hurdles and gateways                   Result                                             Proportion vested                    Proportion lapsed

                    RoAFE gateway                                      Achieved                                           N/A
                    EPS hurdle                                         Not achieved                                       0%                                   100%
                    ATSR gateway                                       Achieved                                           N/A
                    RTSR hurdle                                        Not achieved                                       0%                                   100%


                    As the performance hurdles were not met, the FY18 LTI grant did not vest.

                    During the end of the year review, the Board did not identify any individual or company performance or conduct factors that would warrant
                    lapsing of any unvested LTI.




                    ORORA LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2021                                                                                                                                       57
               DIRECTORS’ REPORT

               Remuneration
               report



               4.7. Total remuneration realised by Executive KMP during FY21
               The table below summarises the remuneration realised by Executive KMP during the performance periods ended 30 June 2020 and 30 June




For personal use only
               2021. This table has been included to increase transparency and provide shareholders greater clarity around remuneration outcomes. This
               table differs from the statutory remuneration table in Section 6.2, which presents remuneration in accordance with accounting standards.

               Remuneration realised by Executive KMP for FY20 and FY21 is explained below.

               Remuneration component               Description

               Fixed                                  •    Comprises cash salary and contribution to retirement benefits for the relevant year.
               Remuneration (FR)

               Other benefits                         •    Comprises payments for notice period and annual and long service leave entitlements paid out on
                                                           retirement.

               Cash Short-Term Incentive •                 Comprises the cash component of the STI earned in the relevant year which is paid after the issuance of
               (STI)                                       the relevant financial year’s annual report.


               Deferred Share Rights                  •    Represents the value of DSR that were awarded as part of STI in previous years and vested in the relevant
               (DSR)                                       year. For 2021, this comprises the value of DSR awarded as part of the STI payment for the financial year
                                                           ended 30 June 2018 that vested in September 2020. For 2020, this comprises the value of DSR awarded as
                                                           part of the STI payment for the financial year ended 30 June 2017 that vested in September 2019.

               Performance Rights (PR)                •    Represents the value of equity tested at the end of the performance period to 30 June and vesting is
                                                           approved by the Board. The value is based on the VWAP on the ASX for the five trading days up to and
                                                           including 30 June of the relevant year. The actual value realised will depend on the share price at exercise.
                                                           For this equity to vest, the executive must remain employed until the vesting date (and to the end of any
                                                           applicable holding lock periods). For 2021, this comprises the value of FY18 LTI that did not vest. For 2020,
                                                           this comprises the value of FY17 LTI that did not vest.



                                                                                    Fixed                                                   Incentives realised                    Total
                Executive KMP                  Year                          Remuneration Other benefits(1)                Cash STI            DSR(2)             PR(3)     remuneration

                B P Lowe(4)                    2021                              1,250,000                      -          833,335           64,465                   -        2,147,800
                                               2020                                937,500                      -          341,667                   -                -        1,279,167
                S C Hughes(5)                  2021                                480,683                      -          239,217                   -                -          719,900
                                               2020                                         -                   -                  -                 -                -                     -
                S G Hutton(6)                  2021                                358,347             596,392                     -        191,137                   -        1,145,876
                                               2020                                695,247                      -          176,646           34,372                   -          906,265

               (1)      Other benefits include costs associated with employment (inclusive of any fringe benefits tax) and include payments for notice period and annual and long service
                        leave entitlements paid out on retirement for Mr S G Hutton.
               (2)      The value of DSR was calculated using the VWAP on the ASX for the five trading days up to and including the vesting date. The VWAP for the DSR award that vested
                        during the period was $2.27 per share (2020: $2.73 per share). In addition to the current period DSR vesting, two additional DSR grants for Mr S G Hutton early vested
                        upon his retirement with a VWAP of $2.71 per share.
               (3)      The value of PR was calculated using the VWAP on the ASX for the five trading days up to and including the end of the performance period. The VWAP for 30 June 2021
                        was $3.28 per share (2020: $2.58 per share)
               (4)      B P Lowe was appointed Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer effective 1 October 2019 and was designated a KMP from this date. The employee benefits for
                        Mr Lowe in the comparative period therefore represent the period 1 October 2019 to 30 June 2020.
               (5)      S C Hughes was appointed Chief Financial Officer effective 15 October 2020 and was designated as a KMP from this date. The employee benefits for Mr Hughes
                        therefore represent the period 15 October 2020 to 30 June 2021.
               (6)      S G Hutton retired as Chief Financial Officer on 15 October 2020 and ceased to be designated as a KMP from this date. The employee benefits above for Mr Hutton
                        represent the period 1 July 2020 to 31 December 2020 which includes his notice period and include annual and long service leave entitlements paid out on retirement.
                        Mr Hutton remained an employee during his notice period to assist with the transition of the new Chief Financial Officer but he was not a KMP.




               58                                                                                                                                    ORORA LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                    DIRECTORS’ REPORT

                    Remuneration
                    report



                    5.   Non-executive director remuneration
                    The NED fee policy enables the Company to attract and retain high-quality Directors with relevant experience. The fee policy is reviewed




For personal use only
                    annually by the HRC. In setting and reviewing NED fees, the HRC considers fees paid by comparable companies and the qualifications and
                    experience necessary for the role, and provides recommendations to the Board.

                    NED receive a base fee for being a Director of the Board, and additional annual fees for either chairing the Audit, Risk and Compliance
                    Committee (ARCC) ($25,000), HRC or Safety, Sustainability or Environment Committee (SSEC) ($20,000). Where a NED is not a Chair of a
                    Committee, an additional $20,000 is paid for membership of two Committees, being membership of the ACC, HRC and/or SSEC. No additional
                    fees are payable to the Chairman of the Board for membership of Committees or other NEDs if they are already remunerated for Chairing the
                    ARCC, HRC or SSEC. No additional fees are paid for Chairing or membership of the Executive or Nomination Committees.

                    The current NED aggregate fee limit is $1,900,000 as approved by shareholders at the 2015 Annual General Meeting. Apart from slight
                    Committee fee adjustments disclosed above, no increase was made to fixed base fees or committee fees, during the financial year ended
                    30 June 2021.

                    A minor adjustment was made in July 2021 to superannuation for all NED located in Australia to align with the increased Superannuation
                    Guarantee rate effective 1 July 2021.

                    NED do not receive performance-based remuneration and are not granted equity instruments by Orora as part of their remuneration.

                    6.   Additional required disclosures
                    6.1. Remuneration governance
                    The Board maintains overall accountability for the oversight of Orora’s remuneration approach for all Orora executives and NED, having regard
                    to the recommendations made by the HRC. The HRC reviews and makes recommendations to the Board on NED and executive remuneration
                    and at-risk remuneration policies for all Orora executives taking into account business strategy, corporate governance principles, market
                    practice and stakeholder interests. More information on the Board’s role and Orora’s corporate governance policies for KMP (including
                    minimum shareholding, share trading, and the prohibition of hedging or margin lending in respect of Orora securities) can be found on Orora’s
                    website at: https://www.ororagroup.com/investors/policies-and-standards.

                    During the reporting period, the HRC did not receive any remuneration recommendations (as defined by the Corporations Act 2001) from
                    external consultants.




                    ORORA LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2021                                                                                                           59
               DIRECTORS’ REPORT

               Remuneration
               report



               6.2. Statutory remuneration disclosures
               Executive KMP remuneration




For personal use only
               Details of the Executive KMP remuneration prepared in accordance with statutory requirements and accounting standards during the reporting
               period are given in the table below.
                                                                                                                                           Share-based                            Performance
                                                                      Other                                            Long service          payments               Total               related
                Executive KMP          Year       Base salary      benefits(1) Superannuation          Cash STI               leave      (DSR/PR/SO)(2)      remuneration        remuneration

                B P Lowe(3)           2021         1,228,306                 -           21,694        833,335              25,300             229,340           2,337,974              45.5%
                                      2020           921,748                 -           15,752        341,667              91,000             314,574           1,684,741              39.0%
                S C Hughes(4)         2021           465,234                 -           15,449        239,217                8,908             99,847             828,655              40.9%
                                      2020                    -              -                   -              -                   -                    -                  -                    -
                S G Hutton(5)         2021           336,653        342,612              21,694                 -             6,872           (415,498)            292,333                       -
                                      2020           670,247                 -           25,000        176,646              16,565             348,461           1,236,919              42.5%


               (1)      Other benefits include costs associated with employment (inclusive of any fringe benefits tax) and include notice period payments.
               (2)      The value of the share-based payments represents the accounting fair value of restricted shares, options, rights and performance rights granted, collectively referred
                        to as the “grants”. In accordance with the Accounting Standards the accounting fair value of the grants is recognised proportionally over the grant’s performance
                        period. The amounts above represent management’s best estimate, at the date of this report, of the likelihood that the performance conditions of the grants being
                        met and will therefore vest, at which point the Executive KMP will be entitled to receive the share-based payment. If the performance conditions are not met, the
                        Executive KMP will not be entitled to the share-based payment. The current period value of share-based payments includes negative amounts relating to options and
                        rights that did not vest during the period as non-market conditions were not met and for rights that were forfeited on retirement.
               (3)      B P Lowe was appointed Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer effective 1 October 2019 and was designated a KMP from this date. The employee benefits for
                        Mr Lowe in the comparative period therefore represent the period 1 October 2019 to 30 June 2020.
               (4)      S C Hughes was appointed Chief Financial Officer effective 15 October 2020 and was designated as a KMP from this date. The employee benefits for Mr Hughes
                        therefore represent the period 15 October 2020 to 30 June 2021.
               (5)      S G Hutton retired as Chief Financial Officer on 15 October 2020 and ceased to be designated as a KMP from this date. The employee benefits above for Mr Hutton
                        represent the period 1 July 2020 to 31 December 2020 which includes his notice period. Mr Hutton remained an employee during his notice period to assist the
                        transition of the new Chief Financial Officer but he was not a KMP.



               NED remuneration
               Details of the NED remuneration during the reporting period are given in the table below.
                NED                                        Year                  Base and Committee fees                Superannuation benefits                       Total remuneration

               A R H Sindel(1)                            2021                                       396,606                                  21,694                                418,300
                                                          2020                                       277,180                                  19,900                                297,080
               A P Cleland                                2021                                       210,868                                  20,032                                230,900
                                                          2020                                       210,868                                  20,032                                230,900
               T J Gorman(2)                              2021                                       230,900                                         -                              230,900
                                                          2020                                       184,417                                         -                              184,417
               S L Lewis                                  2021                                       215,434                                  20,466                                235,900
                                                          2020                                       215,708                                  20,492                                236,200
               J L Sutcliffe                              2021                                       210,868                                  20,032                                230,900
                                                          2020                                       210,868                                  20,032                                230,900

               (1)      A R H Sindel was appointed Chairman effective 12 February 2020.
               (2)      T J Gorman joined the Board on 2 September 2019.




               60                                                                                                                                    ORORA LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                    DIRECTORS’ REPORT

                    Remuneration
                    report



                    6.3. Terms of equity grants
                    FY20 and FY21 Performance Rights




For personal use only
                    The FY20 and FY21 PR were granted consistent with the terms described in Section 3.1.

                    PR subject to an EPS hurdle must first meet a minimum RoAFE gateway to vest. RoAFE is calculated as earnings before interest and tax
                    excluding significant items divided by the average funds employed in each financial year at the 30 June testing date. EPS measures the earnings
                    generated by the Group attributable to each Orora share. EPS is calculated based on the net profit after tax (NPAT) excluding significant items
                    calculated on a constant currency basis for the relevant financial year divided by the weighted average number of Orora shares on issue.

                    The growth in the Group’s EPS over the relevant performance period will be calculated as the increase in audited EPS over the base EPS (the
                    normalised EPS outcome for the previous financial year). The compound growth in EPS will be expressed as a cumulative percentage.

                    If the RoAFE gateway is not met in the relevant performance period, all PR subject to the EPS hurdle will lapse. If the RoAFE gateway is met, the
                    PR subject to the EPS hurdle will vest in accordance with the vesting schedule below.

                    RTSR measures the growth in the Group’s share price together with the value of dividends declared and paid or any other returns of capital
                    during the performance period against companies ranked 50 to 150 on the S&P/ASX index as at the start of the performance period.

                    The share price used to calculate the TSR of the Group and each of the comparator companies for the performance period will be measured
                    as follows:
                    •    the opening share price is the VWAP on the ASX for the final five trading days of the previous financial year
                    •    the closing share price is the VWAP on the ASX for the final 20 trading days of the performance period.

                    PR subject to the RTSR hurdle must first meet a minimum ATSR gateway to vest. The ATSR gateway is a condition that Orora’s TSR over the
                    performance period must not be negative. If the ATSR gateway is not met in the relevant performance period, all PR subject to the RTSR hurdle
                    will lapse. If the ATSR gateway is met, the PR subject to the RTSR hurdle will vest in accordance with the vesting schedule below.

                    % CAGR in EPS over                   % of PR subject to EPS                RTSR over                             % of PR subject to RTSR hurdle
                    performance period                   hurdle that will vest                 performance period                    that will vest

                    Below 4%                             0%                                    Below 50th percentile                 0%
                    4%                                   50%                                   50th percentile                       50%
                    Between 4% and 8%                    Pro-rata straight line vesting will   Between 50th and 75th percentile      Pro-rata straight line vesting
                                                         occur between 50% and 100%                                                  will occur between 50% and
                                                                                                                                     100%
                    8% or higher                         100%                                  75th percentile or higher             100%


                    Orora engages the services of an independent external provider to calculate TSR performance.

                    Performance Rights and Share Options granted prior to FY20
                    PR granted prior to FY20 had similar terms to the FY20 grant. The main differences between the grants are:
                    •    Grants prior to FY20 had a 4-year performance period
                    •    Grants were delivered as PR and SO with 100% of SO and 1/3 of PR subject to the EPS hurdle with RoAFE gateway and 2/3rd of PR subject
                         to the RTSR hurdle with an ATSR gateway
                    •    The comparator group used for the RTSR hurdle are companies ranked 30 to 130 on the S&P/ASX index as at the start of the performance
                         period

                    Rebasing Long-Term Incentive performance hurdles and gateways for grants on foot
                    On 30 April 2020, Orora completed the sale of its Australasian Fibre business to a wholly owned subsidiary of Nippon Paper Industries Co.,
                    Limited. The subsequent capital return and share consolidation approved by shareholders, required the Orora Board to consider any potential
                    impact on Orora’s employee equity incentive plans, under the rules governing those plans, to minimise or eliminate any material advantage or
                    disadvantage to employees resulting from this. The Board determined there would be no change to PR, but the options on foot would
                    be restructured. The restructure did not result in a material change to the quantum or exercise price of options awarded.

                    As indicated in the 2020 Remuneration Report, to ensure fair and equitable treatment to employees aligned to shareholders’ interests, the
                    Board exercised its discretion to re-base the EPS calculation for LTI grants with a vesting date of August 2021 and beyond to exclude the
                    divested Australasian Fibre business. In October 2020, the Board reviewed the performance hurdles and gateways associated with the LTI plan
                    and reset the RoAFE gateway and base EPS to an appropriate level for continuing businesses. The RoAFE gateway was reset from 12.5% to 15%
                    for grants prior to FY21 to balance performance targets for the continuing businesses with the need to find new growth opportunities. The
                    base EPS was reset to 15.2 cents (from 15.6 cents), 16.5 cents (from 17.4 cents) and 17.2 cents (from 18.0 cents) for the FY18, FY19 and FY20
                    grants respectively to reflect the size of Orora’s continuing businesses. There was no change made to the vesting schedule or the performance
                    thresholds required for vesting.




                    ORORA LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2021                                                                                                                  61
               DIRECTORS’ REPORT

               Remuneration
               report



               There was no change made to the ATSR gateway and RTSR hurdle.

               6.4. Options and Rights over equity instruments




For personal use only
               The table below shows the DSR, PR and SO held by Executive KMP during the reporting period. Any rights that vest will automatically be
               exercised at no cost on or around the time that Orora notifies the participant of vesting. During the period no share options vested nor were
               any exercised by the Executive KMP.

                                                                                                   Vested                      Lapsed              Unvested
                Type of             Grant        Number       First date      Expiry                                                                              Fair value    Exercise
                equity              date         granted     exercisable       date           Number               %      Number               %       Number      at grant      price

                B P Lowe(1)
                DSR             15/09/2020         70,640    01/09/2022 01/09/2022                   -             -             -             -       70,640      $2.14            -
                DSR             13/09/2019          3,022    01/09/2021 01/09/2021                   -             -             -             -        3,022      $2.65            -
                DSR             14/09/2018         28,443    01/09/2020 01/09/2020            28,443          100%               -             -              -    $3.15            -
                PR              28/10/2020       339,147     30/08/2024 01/09/2024                   -             -             -             -      339,147      $1.81            -
                PR              22/11/2019       270,900     31/08/2023 01/09/2023                   -             -             -             -      270,900      $2.23            -
                PR              22/10/2018       100,500     31/08/2022 30/08/2022                   -             -             -             -      100,500      $1.91            -
                PR              20/10/2017       122,000     30/08/2021 30/08/2021                   -             -             -             -      122,000      $2.36            -
                PR              20/10/2016       127,000     15/09/2020 15/09/2020                   -             -     127,000          100%                -    $2.03            -
                SO              22/10/2018       244,500     30/8/2022     30/08/2027                -             -             -             -      244,500      $0.38         $3.58
                SO              20/10/2017       465,500     30/08/2021 30/08/2026                   -             -             -             -      465,500      $0.63         $2.86
                SO              20/10/2016       541,500     15/09/2020 30/08/2025                   -             -     541,500          100%                -    $0.55         $2.08
                S C Hughes
                PR              06/11/2020       183,000     30/06/2024 01/09/2024                   -             -             -             -      183,000      $1.78            -
                S G Hutton
                DSR             15/09/2020         34,234    01/09/2022 01/09/2022            34,234          100%               -             -              -    $2.14            -
                DSR             13/09/2019         12,350    01/09/2021 01/09/2021            12,350          100%               -             -              -    $2.65            -
                DSR             14/09/2018         28,559    01/09/2020 01/09/2020            28,559          100%               -             -              -    $3.15            -
                PR              07/10/2020       188,500     30/06/2024 01/09/2024                   -             -     188,500          100%                -    $1.54            -
                PR              04/10/2019       150,600     31/08/2023 01/09/2023                   -             -     150,600          100%                -    $1.69            -
                PR              22/10/2018         99,500    30/08/2022 30/08/2022                   -             -       49,750           50%        49,750      $1.91            -
                PR              20/10/2017       122,000     30/08/2021 30/08/2021                   -             -       30,500           25%        91,500      $2.36            -
                PR              20/10/2016       127,000     15/09/2020 15/09/2020                   -             -     127,000          100%                -    $2.03            -
                SO              22/10/2018       243,000     30/08/2022 30/08/2027                   -             -     121,500            50%       121,500      $0.38         $3.58
                SO              20/10/2017       465,500     30/08/2021 30/08/2026                   -             -     116,375            25%       349,125      $0.63         $2.86
                SO              20/10/2016       541,500     15/09/2020 30/09/2025                   -             -     541,500          100%                -    $0.55         $2.69

               (1)      B P Lowe was appointed Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer effective 1 October 2019 and was designated a KMP from this date. Grants prior to this date
                        relate to his previous roles.




               62                                                                                                                                  ORORA LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                    DIRECTORS’ REPORT

                    Remuneration
                    report



                    6.5. Shareholdings
                    To strengthen alignment of the interests of Orora’s executives and NED with shareholders, there is a minimum shareholding requirement




For personal use only
                    (MSR).

                    Executive KMP shareholdings
                    The CEO and other executives are required to build and maintain a shareholding equivalent to 100% and 50% of FR respectively within six years
                    of their appointment. Once the relevant MSR has been attained, executives must not dispose of Orora equity granted as incentive on or after 1
                    January 2014, where it will result in them holding less than the MSR.

                                                                                               Shares acquired
                                                  Balance on            Received on            during reporting             Shares disposed of      Closing balance on Value of total holdings
                        Executive                 1 July 2020       exercise of grant                    period         during reporting period          30 June 2021             as a % of FR

                        B P Lowe                    670,191                  28,443                                 -               (160,000)                538,634                      141.6%
                        S C Hughes                           -                       -                     55,000                             -               55,000                        37.6%
                        S G Hutton(1)               519,062                  75,143                             -                   (512,515)                 81,690                            N/A

                    (1)       S G Hutton retired as Chief Financial Officer effective 15 October 2020 and ceased to be designated as a KMP from this date. The closing balance of Mr Hutton’s
                              ordinary share holding in the above table represents the number of shares held at the date he ceased to be KMP.



                    Non-executive director shareholdings
                    The Board resolved in August 2020 to adopt an updated Board Charter that, amongst other things, specifies that Non-Executive directors will
                    be expected to purchase Orora shares (at times when they are permitted to trade) to achieve a shareholding equivalent in value to one year’s
                    base fee remuneration within 5 years of joining the Board, or going forward, for existing NED, and thereafter to maintain at least that level of
                    shareholding throughout their tenure.

                                                            Balance on        Shares acquired during             Shares disposed of               Closing balance on      Value of total holdings
                        NED                                 1 July 2020             reporting period         during reporting period                   30 June 2021          as a % of base fees

                        A R H Sindel                              88,000                        52,000                                -                   140,000                         116.0%
                        A P Cleland                              128,574                               -                              -                   128,574                         200.3%
                        T J Gorman                                56,000                               -                              -                    56,000                          79.7%
                        S L Lewis                                 91,705                               -                              -                    91,705                         139.8%
                        J L Sutcliffe                            131,355                               -                              -                   131,355                         204.6%


                    6.6. Executive KMP service agreements
                    The details of the contract terms for the executive KMP are disclosed below:

                    Type of contract                        Permanent ongoing
                    Notice period                           6 months
                    Termination payment                     Greater of amount payable required by law and payments
                                                            in lieu of notice (total termination payment must not
                                                            exceed 12 months’ FR)


                    6.7. Transactions with KMP
                    No other transactions occurred between KMP and the Group during the reporting period.

                    6.8. Loans to KMP or related parties
                    No loans to KMP or related parties were provided during the reporting period.




                    ORORA LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2021                                                                                                                                             63
               DIRECTORS’ REPORT

               Directors’
               Declaration
               This Directors’ Report is made in accordance with a resolution of the Directors.




For personal use only
               A R SINDEL
               CHAIR

               19 August 2021




               64                                                                                 ORORA LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                    Auditor’s Independence
                    Declaration




For personal use only
                    AUDITOR’S INDEPENDENCE DECLARATION
                    As lead auditor for the audit of Orora Limited for the year ended 30 June 2021, I declare that to the best
                    of my knowledge and belief, there have been:

                    (a)    no contraventions of the auditor independence requirements of the Corporations Act 2001 in
                           relation to the audit; and
                    (b)    no contraventions of any applicable code of professional conduct in relation to the audit.


                    This declaration is in respect of Orora Limited and the entities it controlled during the period.




                    ANTON LINSCHOTEN
                    PARTNER
                    PricewaterhouseCoopers

                    Melbourne
                    19 August 2021




                    Pricewaterhouse Coopers
                    2 Riverside Quay, SOUTHBANK VIC 3006, GOP Box 1331, MELBOURNE VIC 3001
                    T: 61 3 8603 1000, F: 61 3 8603 1999, www.pwc.com.au
                    ABN 52 780 433 757
                    Liability limited by a scheme approved under Professional Standards Legislation.




                    ORORA LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2021                                                                             65
               Financial
               Report
               This is the financial report of Orora Limited    Notes to the financial statements
               (the Company) and its subsidiaries               provide information required by statute,




For personal use only
               (collectively referred to as the Group).         accounting standards or Listing Rules to
                                                                explain a particular feature of the financial
               The financial report has been prepared in a
                                                                statements. The notes which follow also
               style that attempts to make the report less
                                                                provide explanation and additional
               complex and more relevant to shareholders.
                                                                disclosures to assist readers in their
               The note disclosures have been grouped
                                                                understanding and the interpretation
               into a number of sections with each section
                                                                of the Annual Report and the financial
               also including details of the accounting
                                                                statements.
               policies applied in producing the relevant
               note, along with details of any key
               judgements and estimates used.




               IN THIS SECTION


               Financial report                            66   Notes to the financial statements         72    Financial risk management             108
               Income statement                            67   About this report                          72   5.1   Market risks                    109
               Statement of comprehensive income           68   Results for the year                       74   5.2   Credit risk                     112
               Statement of financial position             69    1.1   Segment results                     74   5.3   Liquidity and funding risk      113
               Statement of changes in equity              70    1.2   Significant items                   78   5.4   Hedging instruments             115
               Cash flow statement                         71    1.3   Earnings per share (EPS)            79   Group structure                       118
                                                                 1.4   Income                              81   6.1   Principal subsidiary            118
                                                                                                                      undertakings and
                                                                 1.5   Operating costs                     82
                                                                                                                      investments
                                                                Capital structure and financing            83
                                                                                                                6.2   Business divestment             118
                                                                 2.1   Capital management                  83
                                                                                                                6.3   Orora Employee Share Trust      120
                                                                 2.2   Dividends                           84
                                                                                                                Other notes to the                    121
                                                                 2.3   Net debt                            85   financial statements
                                                                 2.4   Equity                              88   7.1   Share-based compensation        121
                                                                Assets and liabilities                     91   7.2   Auditors’ remuneration          124
                                                                 3.1   Trade and other receivables         91   7.3   Commitments and contingent      125
                                                                 3.2   Inventories                         92         liabilities
                                                                 3.3   Trade and other payables            93   7.4   Orora Limited                   126
                                                                 3.4   Other assets                        93   7.5   Deed of Cross Guarantee         127
                                                                 3.5   Property, plant and equipment       94   7.6   Related party transactions      130
                                                                 3.6   Leases                              95   7.7   Key Management Personnel        130
                                                                 3.7   Intangible assets                   99   7.8   New and amended                 131
                                                                 3.8   Impairment of                     100          accounting standards
                                                                       non-financial assets                           and interpretations

                                                                 3.9   Provisions                        102
                                                                Income tax                               105
                                                                 4.1   Income tax expense                105
                                                                 4.2   Deferred tax balances             106




               66                                                                                                           ORORA LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                    Income
                    Statement
                    FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2021


                                                                                                                                                                                                       (1)
                        $ million                                                                                                                           Note               2021            2020




For personal use only
                        Continuing Operations
                        Sales revenue                                                                                                                        1.1            3,538.0           3,566.2
                        Cost of sales                                                                                                                                      (2,863.8)         (2,912.7)

                        Gross profit                                                                                                                                          674.2             653.5

                        Other income                                                                                                                         1.4                 3.6                 4.8
                        Sales and marketing expenses                                                                                                                         (201.5)           (213.9)
                        General and administration expenses                                                                                                                  (265.8)           (358.3)
                                                  (2)
                        Profit from operations                                                                                                                                210.5                 86.1


                        Finance income                                                                                                                       1.4                 0.2                 0.6
                        Finance expenses                                                                                                                     1.5               (33.0)           (51.1)
                        Net finance costs                                                                                                                                      (32.8)           (50.5)


                        Profit before related income tax expense                                                                                                              177.7                 35.6
                        Income tax expense                                                                                                                   4.1               (48.0)               (9.0)
                        Profit from continuing operations                                                                                                                     129.7                 26.6



                        Discontinued Operations(3)
                        Profit from discontinued operations, net of tax                                                                                      6.2                 6.1            212.3

                        Profit for the financial period attributable to the owners of Orora Limited                                                                           135.8             238.9



                                                                                                                                                                              Cents             Cents

                        Earnings per share for profit from continuing operations attributable to the ordinary equity holders
                        of Orora Limited
                        Basic earnings per share                                                                                                             1.3                14.0                 2.8
                        Diluted earnings per share                                                                                                           1.3                13.9                 2.7

                        Earnings per share for profit attributable to the ordinary equity holders of Orora Limited (3)
                        Basic earnings per share                                                                                                             1.3                14.6                24.8
                        Diluted earnings per share                                                                                                           1.3                14.5                24.6


                    (1)      In response to the International Financial Reporting Interpretation Committee (IFRIC) agenda decision regarding the accounting of upfront configuration and
                             customisation costs incurred in implementing Systems-as-a-Service (SaaS) arrangements the Group has revised its accounting policy in respect of the treatment of
                             these costs. The change in accounting policy has been applied retrospectively and the historical information restated to account for the impact of the change, refer
                             note 7.8.1 for further information.
                    (2)      Profit from continuing operations for the current period includes a significant item expense of $38.6 million (after tax $27.0 million) relating to additional expected
                             costs associated with the decommissioning of the Petrie site. In the comparative period the profit from continuing operations, includes a significant item expense of
                             $137.2 million (after tax $100.1 million) relating to restructuring activities and recoverable asset impairment charges in North America. Refer note 1.2 for further
                             details of the significant items.
                    (3)      On 30 April 2020, the Group completed the sale of its Australasian Fibre business, refer note 6.2. Accordingly, the financial results of this business are presented
                             separately as a discontinued operation within this income statement. The earnings per share includes the after tax net gain on sale of $6.1 million (2020: $171.7
                             million) recognised in respect of the sale of the Australasian Fibre business.

                    The above Income Statement should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes.




                    ORORA LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2021                                                                                                                                                  67
               Statement of
               Comprehensive Income
               FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2021


               $ million                                                                                                Note         2021         2020




For personal use only
               Profit for the financial period                                                                                      135.8        238.9

               Other comprehensive income/(expense)
                    Items that may be reclassified to profit or loss:
                    Cash flow hedge reserve
                        Unrealised gain/(losses) on cash flow hedges                                                    2.4.2          2.9         (5.0)
                        Realised loss/(gain) transferred to profit or loss                                              2.4.2          5.7         (0.9)
                        Realised gains transferred to non-financial assets                                              2.4.2            -         (0.1)
                        Income tax relating to these items                                                                            (2.4)         1.8

                    Exchange fluctuation reserve
                        Exchange differences on translation of foreign operations                                                    (42.9)       10.4
                        Net investment hedge of foreign operations                                                                     7.5       (35.6)
                        Net investment hedge reclassified to profit or loss on disposal of foreign operation                             -        12.1
                        Tax effect                                                                                                       -         (3.8)

               Other comprehensive expense for the financial period, net of tax                                                      (29.2)      (21.1)

               Total comprehensive income for the financial period attributable to the owners of Orora Limited                      106.6        217.8



               Total comprehensive income for the financial period attributable to the owners of Orora Limited arises
               from:
                    Continuing operations                                                                                           100.5          (2.2)
                    Discontinued operations                                                                             6.2            6.1       220.0
                                                                                                                                    106.6        217.8



               The above Statement of Comprehensive Income should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes.




               68                                                                                                        ORORA LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                    Statement of
                    Financial Position
                    AS AT 30 JUNE 2021


                        $ million                                                                                                                         Note               2021            2020(1)




For personal use only
                        Current assets
                        Cash and cash equivalents                                                                                                          2.3               50.6            107.3
                        Trade and other receivables                                                                                                        3.1              498.4            460.5
                        Inventories                                                                                                                        3.2              399.1            412.9
                        Derivatives                                                                                                                        5.4                 4.2              1.0
                        Other current assets                                                                                                               3.4                28.5             36.2
                        Current tax receivable                                                                                                                                    -            37.5
                        Total current assets                                                                                                                                980.8          1,055.4

                        Non-current assets
                        Property, plant and equipment                                                                                                      3.5              627.5            671.7
                        Right-of-use assets                                                                                                                3.6              200.5            217.3
                        Deferred tax assets                                                                                                                4.2               26.2             13.9
                        Goodwill and intangible assets                                                                                                     3.7              411.2            434.0
                        Derivatives                                                                                                                        5.4                0.5              0.9
                        Other non-current assets                                                                                                           3.4                77.9           105.0
                        Total non-current assets                                                                                                                          1,343.8          1,442.8
                        Total assets                                                                                                                                      2,324.6          2,498.2


                        Current liabilities
                        Trade and other payables                                                                                                           3.3              650.8            663.5
                        Lease liabilities                                                                                                                2.3, 3.6             48.0             50.8
                        Derivatives                                                                                                                        5.4                 2.3              7.0
                        Current tax liabilities                                                                                                                               16.9                -
                        Provisions                                                                                                                         3.9                88.3             95.8
                        Total current liabilities                                                                                                                           806.3            817.1

                        Non-current liabilities
                        Other payables                                                                                                                     3.3                 1.8                  -
                        Borrowings                                                                                                                         2.3              503.5            399.4
                        Lease liabilities                                                                                                                2.3, 3.6           204.8            228.6
                        Derivatives                                                                                                                        5.4                 0.4              1.9
                        Deferred tax liabilities                                                                                                           4.2                 6.8                -
                        Provisions                                                                                                                         3.9                32.4             21.0
                        Total non-current liabilities                                                                                                                       749.7            650.9
                        Total liabilities                                                                                                                                 1,556.0          1,468.0
                        NET ASSETS                                                                                                                                          768.6          1,030.2


                        Equity
                        Contributed equity                                                                                                                2.4.1             127.4            335.2
                        Treasury shares                                                                                                                   2.4.1             (46.6)            (1.6)
                        Reserves                                                                                                                          2.4.2             107.6            139.2
                        Retained earnings                                                                                                                 2.4.3             580.2            557.4
                        TOTAL EQUITY                                                                                                                                        768.6          1,030.2

                    (1)      In response to the International Financial Reporting Interpretation Committee (IFRIC) agenda decision regarding the accounting of upfront configuration and
                             customisation costs incurred in implementing Systems-as-a-Service (SaaS) arrangements the Group has revised its accounting policy in respect of the treatment of
                             these costs. The change in accounting policy has been applied retrospectively and the historical information restated to account for the impact of the change, refer
                             note 7.8.1 for further information.

                    The above Statement of Financial Position should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes.




                    ORORA LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2021                                                                                                                                                69
               Statement of
               Changes in Equity
               FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2021


                                                                                                Attributable to owners of Orora Limited
                                                                                                           Share-based                Exchange




For personal use only
                                                                               Contributed     Cash flow      payment Demerger fluctuation                            Retained            Total
               $ million                                                  Note      equity hedge reserve        reserve    reserve      reserve                       earnings           equity

               Balance at 1 July 2019                                                     484.1               (0.2)             15.5        132.9            16.5         995.7         1,644.5
               Impact of change in intangible asset policy (1)            7.8.1               -                   -                -            -               -          (0.8)           (0.8)
                                                             (2)
               Impact of change in lease accounting policy                7.8.2               -                   -                -            -               -         (69.8)          (69.8)
               Restated balance at 1 July 2019                                            484.1               (0.2)             15.5        132.9            16.5         925.1         1,573.9

               Net profit for the financial period                        2.4.3                -                  -                 -             -              -        238.9          238.9
               Other comprehensive income/(expense):
               Unrealised loss on cash flow hedges                        2.4.2                -              (5.0)                 -             -              -              -          (5.0)
               Realised gains transferred to profit or loss               2.4.2                -              (0.9)                 -             -              -              -          (0.9)
               Realised gains transferred to non-financial
                                                                          2.4.2                -              (0.1)                 -             -              -              -          (0.1)
               assets
               Exchange differences on translation of
                                                                                               -                  -                 -             -         (13.1)              -         (13.1)
               foreign operations
               Deferred tax                                                                    -               1.8                  -             -          (3.8)              -          (2.0)
               Total other comprehensive expense                                               -              (4.2)                 -             -         (16.9)              -         (21.1)

               Transactions with owners in their capacity
               as owners:
               Capital return                                             2.4.1          (149.6)                  -                 -             -              -              -       (149.6)
               Purchase of treasury shares                                2.4.1           (18.6)                  -                 -             -              -              -        (18.6)
               Proceeds received from employees on
                                                                          2.4.1              8.0                  -                 -             -              -              -           8.0
               exercise of options
               Shares used to settle Team Member Share
                                                                          2.4.1              0.7                  -                 -             -              -              -           0.7
               Plan issue
               Settlement of options and performance rights               2.4.1              9.0                  -             (9.0)             -              -             -              -
               Share-based payment expense                                 7.1                 -                  -              4.6              -              -             -           4.6
               Dividends paid                                              2.2                 -                  -                 -             -              -       (606.6)        (606.6)
               Balance at 30 June 2020                                                    333.6               (4.4)             11.1        132.9            (0.4)        557.4         1,030.2
               Net profit for the financial period                        2.4.3                -                  -                 -             -              -        135.8          135.8
               Other comprehensive income/(expense):
               Unrealised gain on cash flow hedges                        2.4.2                -               2.9                  -             -              -              -           2.9
               Realised losses transferred to profit or loss              2.4.2                -               5.7                  -             -              -              -           5.7
               Exchange differences on translation of foreign
                                                                                               -                  -                 -             -         (35.4)              -         (35.4)
               operations
               Deferred tax                                                                    -              (2.4)                 -             -              -              -          (2.4)
               Total other comprehensive income/(expense)                                      -               6.2                  -             -         (35.4)              -         (29.2)

               Transactions with owners in their capacity
               as owners:
               Share buy-back                                             2.4.1          (256.2)                  -                 -             -              -              -       (256.2)
               Purchase of treasury shares                                2.4.1            (0.9)                  -                 -             -              -              -         (0.9)
               Proceeds received from employees on
                                                                          2.4.1              1.0                  -                 -             -              -              -           1.0
               exercise of options
               Settlement of options and performance rights               2.4.1              3.3                  -             (3.3)             -              -             -              -
               Share-based payment expense                                 7.1                 -                  -              0.9              -              -             -           0.9
               Dividends paid                                              2.2                 -                  -                 -             -              -       (113.0)        (113.0)
               Balance at 30 June 2021                                                     80.8                1.8               8.7        132.9           (35.8)        580.2          768.6

               (1)      In response to the International Financial Reporting Interpretation Committee (IFRIC) agenda decision regarding the accounting of upfront configuration and
                        customisation costs incurred in implementing Systems-as-a-Service (SaaS) arrangements the Group has revised its accounting policy in respect of the treatment of
                        these costs. The change in accounting policy has been applied retrospectively and the historical information restated to account for the impact of the change, refer
                        note 7.8.1 for further information.
               (2)      In the comparative period the Group initially applied AASB 16 Leases using the modified retrospective approach from 1 July 2019. Refer note 7.8.2 for further
                        information.

               The above Statement of Changes in Equity should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes.




               70                                                                                                                                     ORORA LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                    Cash Flow
                    Statement
                    FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2021


                        $ million                                                                                                                         Note               2021           2020(1)




For personal use only
                        Cash flows from/(used in) operating activities
                        Profit for the financial period from continuing operations                                                                                          129.7            26.6
                        Depreciation                                                                                                                       1.5              112.3           113.8
                        Amortisation of intangible assets                                                                                                  1.5                7.9            11.5
                        Net finance costs                                                                                                                                    32.8            50.5
                        Net gain on disposal of non-current assets                                                                                                            1.9             1.0
                        Fair value (gain)/loss on financial instruments at fair value through income statement                                                               (0.2)            0.2
                        Share-based payment expense                                                                                                        7.1                0.9             4.6
                        Net impairment losses and other sundry items                                                                                                         24.4            30.3
                        Restructuring and decommissioning expense                                                                                          1.2               38.6           137.2
                        Income tax expense                                                                                                                                   48.0             9.0
                        Operating cash inflow before changes in working capital and provisions                                                                              396.3           384.7
                         - (Increase)/Decrease in prepayments and other operating assets                                                                                     17.1            (0.7)
                         - (Decrease)/Increase in provisions                                                                                                                (24.4)           (2.4)
                         - (Increase)/Decrease in trade and other receivables                                                                                               (81.5)           20.9
                         - (Increase)/Decrease in inventories                                                                                                               (17.9)          (23.1)
                         - Increase/(Decrease) in trade and other payables                                                                                                   12.0          (139.4)
                                                                                                                                                                            301.6           240.0
                        Interest received                                                                                                                                     0.2             0.6
                        Interest and borrowing costs paid                                                                                                                   (32.7)          (51.9)
                        Income tax received/(paid)                                                                                                                            1.5           (49.1)
                        Net cash inflow from continuing operating activities                                                                                                270.6           139.6
                        Net cash used in discontinued operating activities                                                                                 6.2                   -         (121.9)
                        Net cash inflow from operating activities                                                                                                           270.6             17.7

                        Cash flows from/(used in) investing activities
                        (Granting)/repayment of loans to associated companies and other persons                                                                              (0.1)            0.2
                        Payments for acquisition of controlled entities and businesses, net of cash acquired                                                                 (1.9)           (8.0)
                        Payments for property, plant and equipment and intangible assets                                                                                    (57.1)         (116.2)
                        Proceeds on disposal of non-current assets                                                                                                            1.9            10.0
                        Net cash flows used in continuing investing activities                                                                                              (57.2)         (114.0)
                        Net cash flows from discontinued investing activities                                                                              6.2               20.7         1,589.7
                        Net cash flows (used in)/from investing activities                                                                                                  (36.5)        1,475.7

                        Cash flows from/(used in) financing activities
                        Capital return                                                                                                                    2.4.1                  -         (149.6)
                        Proceeds from exercise of employee share options                                                                                  2.4.1               1.0             8.0
                        Share buyback                                                                                                                     2.4.1            (256.2)               -
                        Payments for treasury shares                                                                                                      2.4.1              (0.9)          (18.6)
                        Proceeds from borrowings                                                                                                                          1,165.6         1,826.4
                        Repayment of borrowings                                                                                                                          (1,033.8)       (2,538.6)
                        Principal lease repayments                                                                                                                          (48.9)          (52.1)
                        Dividends paid and other equity distributions                                                                                      2.2             (113.0)         (606.6)
                        Net cash flows used in continuing financing activities                                                                                             (286.2)       (1,531.1)
                        Net cash from discontinued financing activities                                                                                    6.2                   -           77.5
                        Net cash flows used in financing activities                                                                                                        (286.2)       (1,453.6)

                        Net (decrease)/increase in cash held                                                                                                                (52.1)            39.8
                        Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the financial period                                                                                  107.3             70.3
                        Effects of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents                                                                                        (4.6)            (2.8)
                        Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the financial period (2)                                                                   2.3               50.6           107.3

                    (1)      In response to the International Financial Reporting Interpretation Committee (IFRIC) agenda decision regarding the accounting of upfront configuration and
                             customisation costs incurred in implementing Systems-as-a-Service (SaaS) arrangements the Group has revised its accounting policy in respect of the treatment of
                             these costs. The change in accounting policy has been applied retrospectively and the historical information restated to account for the impact of the change, refer
                             note 7.8.1 for further information.
                    (2)      For the purpose of the Cash Flow Statement, cash and cash equivalents includes cash on hand and at bank and short-term money market investments, net of
                             outstanding bank overdrafts. Refer note 2.3 for details of the financing arrangements of the Group.

                    The above Cash Flow Statement should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes.




                    ORORA LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2021                                                                                                                                                71
               Notes to the
               financial statements
               FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2021


               ABOUT THIS REPORT                                                        FOREIGN CURRENCY
               Orora Limited (the Company) is a for-profit entity for the purposes      Items included in the financial statements of each of the entities




For personal use only
               of preparing this financial report and is domiciled in Australia. The    included within the Group are measured using the currency of the
               Company and its subsidiaries (collectively referred to as the Group)     economic environment in which the entity primarily generates and
               are primarily involved in the manufacture and supply of packaging        expends cash (the ‘functional currency’). These financial statements
               products and services to grocery, fast moving consumer goods and         are presented in Australian dollars, which is the functional and
               industrial markets.                                                      reporting currency of the Company, Orora Limited.

               This financial report is a general purpose financial report which:       Transactions in foreign currencies are initially recorded in the
                                                                                        functional currency of the entity using the exchange rate prevailing
               •    has been prepared in accordance with Australian Accounting
                                                                                        at the date of the transaction. Monetary assets and liabilities
                    Standards (AASBs), including Australian Accounting
                                                                                        denominated in foreign currencies are translated at the rate of
                    Interpretations adopted by the AASB, and the Corporations Act
                                                                                        exchange ruling at the balance sheet date. Foreign exchange gains
                    2001. The financial report of the Group also complies with
                                                                                        and losses arising from the translation of the monetary assets and
                    International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRSs) and
                                                                                        liabilities, or from the settlement of foreign currency transactions,
                    Interpretations as issued by the International Accounting
                                                                                        are recognised in the income statement, except when deferred in
                    Standards Board (IASB);
                                                                                        equity as qualifying cash flow hedges or net investment hedges. The
               •    has been prepared under the historical cost basis except for        amounts deferred in equity in respect of cash flow hedges are
                    financial instruments which have been measured at fair value.       recognised in the income statement when the hedged item affects
                    Non-derivative financial instruments are measured at fair value     profit or loss and for net investment hedges when the investment is
                    through the income statement;                                       disposed of.
               •    is presented in Australian dollars with values rounded to the
                    nearest $100,000 unless otherwise stated, in accordance with        As at the reporting date, the assets and liabilities of entities within
                    the ASIC Corporations (Rounding in Financial/Directors’             the Group that have a functional currency different from the
                    Reports) Instrument 2016/191;                                       presentation currency, are translated into Australian dollars at
               •    presents reclassified comparative information where required        the rate of exchange at the balance sheet date and the income
                    for consistency with the current period presentation;               statements are translated at the average exchange rate for the
               •    adopts all new and amended Accounting Standards and                 year. The exchange differences arising on the balance sheet
                    Interpretations issued by the AASB that are relevant to the         translation are taken directly to a separate component of equity
                    operations of the Group and effective for reporting periods         in the Exchange Fluctuation Reserve.
                    beginning on or after 1 July 2020 (refer note 7.8);
               •    does not early adopt any Accounting Standards and
                    Interpretations that have been issued or amended but                     JUDGEMENTS AND ESTIMATES
                    are not yet effective; and                                          The preparation of the financial statements requires management
               •    has applied Group accounting policies consistently to all periods   to exercise judgement in applying the Group’s accounting policies.
                    presented.                                                          It also requires the use of estimates and assumptions that affect the
                                                                                        reported amounts of assets, liabilities, income and expenses.
               This general purpose financial report for the Group for the year
               ended 30 June 2021 was authorised for issue in accordance with a         The areas involving a higher degree of judgement or complexity are
               resolution of the Directors on 19 August 2021. The Directors have        set out below and in more detail in the related notes:
               the power to amend and reissue the financial report.
                                                                                           Page
               BASIS OF CONSOLIDATION                                                      95         Note 3.6      Leases
               The consolidated financial statements comprise the financial                100        Note 3.8      Impairment of non-financial assets
               statements of the Company and its controlled entities. Details of
               the controlled entities (subsidiaries) of the Company are contained         102        Note 3.9      Provisions
               in note 6.1.                                                                105        Note 4        Income tax
                                                                                           115        Note 5.4      Hedging instruments
               The financial statements of subsidiaries are included in the
               consolidated financial statements from the date that the Group              125        Note 7.3      Commitments and contingent liabilities
               obtains control until the date that control ceases. The subsidiary
               financial statements are prepared for the same reporting period as
               the parent company, using consistent accounting policies and all         OTHER ACCOUNTING POLICIES
               balances and transactions between entities included within the           Significant and other accounting policies that summarise the
               Group are eliminated.                                                    measurement basis used, and are relevant to an understanding of
                                                                                        the financial statements, are provided throughout the notes to the
               The acquisition of subsidiaries is accounted for using the acquisition   financial statements.
               method of accounting when control is obtained by the Group.




               72                                                                                                            ORORA LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                    Notes to the
                    financial statements
                    FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2021




                    CURRENT PERIOD SIGNIFICANT EVENTS                                       specialist environmental consulting firm to manage the completion
                    Dividend                                                                of the remaining remediation works. The provision at 30 June 2021




For personal use only
                                                                                            (refer note 3.9), represents management’s best estimate in respect
                    During the financial year the Group paid an unfranked FY20 final        of the anticipated costs to complete the remediation, using all
                    dividend of $53.1 million at 5.5 cents per ordinary share and an        currently available information and considering applicable
                    unfranked FY21 interim dividend of $59.9 million at 6.5 cents per       legislative and environmental regulations.
                    ordinary share.
                                                                                            Change in accounting policy
                    Since 30 June 2021 the Directors have determined a final dividend       In response to the International Financial Reporting Interpretation
                    for FY21 of $65.7 million, unfranked, of 7.5 cents per ordinary         Committee (IFRIC) agenda decision regarding the accounting of
                    share. Refer note 2.2 for further details.                              upfront configuration and customisation costs incurred in
                                                                                            implementing Systems-as-a-Service (SaaS) arrangements, the Group
                    Share buyback
                                                                                            has revised its accounting policy in respect of the treatment of
                    On 20 August 2020, the Group announced an on-market buyback of          these costs.
                    up to 10.0% of issued share capital. This represented approximately
                    96.5 million shares. The buyback commenced in September 2020.           SaaS arrangements are service contracts providing the Group with
                                                                                            the right to access the cloud provider’s application software over
                    The share buyback ceased on 30 June 2021. During the period             the contract period.
                    ordinary shares totalling 89,337,073 were purchased on-market
                                                                                            The change in accounting policy has been applied retrospectively
                    through the share buyback for a total value of $256.2 million,
                                                                                            and historical financial information restated. The restatement
                    representing 9.3% of the share capital at the date the share
                                                                                            resulted in a reduction to intangible assets and retained earnings
                    buyback was announced. Refer note 2.4. The Dividend
                                                                                            of $0.8 million as at 1 July 2019; the net impact of the accounting
                    Reinvestment Plan was suspended while the on-market buyback
                                                                                            policy change on the comparative period income statement was
                    was undertaken.
                                                                                            a reduction of $1.0 million, for the current reporting period a
                    Coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic                                         reduction of $0.7 million. Refer note 7.8.1 for further information
                                                                                            regarding the accounting policy change.
                    The Group’s response to the COVID-19 pandemic continues
                    to be guided by local government and health advice across each          THE NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                    jurisdiction in which Orora operates. The Group has implemented a
                                                                                            The following notes include information which is material and
                    number of measures to mitigate the effects of COVID-19. The
                                                                                            relevant to the operations, financial position and performance of
                    business continues to prioritise key focus areas including: safety,
                                                                                            the Group. Information is considered material and relevant due to
                    health and wellbeing of our people; ensuring continuity and quality
                                                                                            its size or nature or the information:
                    of supply with customers and preserving ongoing supply chains, and
                    active financial management.                                            •   is important for understanding the Group’s current period
                                                                                                results;
                    Refinancing                                                             •   provides an explanation of significant changes in the Group’s
                    During the year ended 30 June 2021, the Group successfully                  business – for example, business acquisitions; or
                    refinanced its $350.0 million Global Syndicated Facility, that was      •   relates to an aspect of the Group’s operations that are
                    due to mature in April 2022. The refinanced facility will mature in         important to its future performance.
                    November 2024. There were no material changes to the banking
                    syndicate counterparties or commercial terms.                           The notes are organised into the following sections:
                                                                                            –   Results for the year – provides details on the results and
                    Reflecting the strength of the Group’s liquidity position, a                performance of the Group for the year;
                    $25.0 million bilateral facility that had been established during the   –   Capital structure and financing – outlines how the Group
                    year ended 30 June 2020, was allowed to lapse upon its maturity in          manages its capital structure and related financing activities;
                    March 2021. In addition, a separate $35.0 million bilateral facility    –   Assets and liabilities – provides details of the assets used to
                    that was due to mature in July 2021 has been converted to a                 generate the Group’s trading performance and the liabilities
                    $50.0 million uncommitted credit line that will mature in May 2022.         incurred as a result;
                                                                                            –   Income tax – provides information on the Group’s tax position
                    Decommissioning costs                                                       and the current and deferred tax charges or credits in the year;
                    The Group has recognised a significant item expense of                  –   Financial risk management – provides information on how the
                    $38.6 million (after tax $27.0 million) relating to additional costs        Group manages financial risk exposures associated with holding
                    associated with the decommissioning of the former Petrie Mill               financial instruments;
                    site. This significant item expense is presented in ‘general and        –   Group structure – explains the characteristics of and changes
                    administration’ expense. The decommissioning of the Petrie site is          within the Group structure during the year;
                    progressing, but continues to be a significant and complex exercise     –   Other notes to the financial statements – provides additional
                    involving multiple government agencies. Recent significant                  financial information required by accounting standards and the
                    developments associated with the unprecedented rainfall levels              Corporations Act 2001, including details of the Group’s
                    in Queensland and unforeseen complexities related to the                    employee reward and recognition programs and unrecognised
                    remediation of the remaining and most technically complex areas             items.
                    of the site, have resulted in delays and caused estimated costs to
                    complete the remaining decommissioning to be higher than
                    previously contemplated. The Group continues to engage a




                    ORORA LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2021                                                                                                          73
               Notes to the
               financial statements
               FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2021




               Section 1: Results for the year
                  IN THIS SECTION




For personal use only
                  This section focuses on the results and performance of the Group. On the following pages you will find disclosures explaining the
                  Group’s results for the year, segment information, significant items and earnings per share.
                  This section also analyses the Group’s profit before tax by reference to the activities performed by the Group and an analysis of key
                  operating costs. Earnings before significant items, interest and related income tax expense (EBIT) is a key profit indicator for the Group.
                  This measure excludes discontinued operations and the effects of individual significant non-recurring gains/losses that may have an
                  impact on the quality of earnings, and reflects the way the business is managed and how the Directors assess the performance of the
                  Group.



               1.1.     Segment results
               The Group’s operating segments are organised and managed according to their geographical location. Each segment represents a strategic
               business that offers different products and operates in different industries and markets. The Corporate Executive Team, the chief operating
               decision makers (CODM), monitor the operating results of the business separately for the purpose of making decisions about resource
               allocation and performance assessment.

               The following segment information has been presented for continuing operations only. Refer note 6.2 for the financial results and position of
               the divested Australasian Fibre business.

               The following summary describes the operations of each reportable segment.

               Orora Australasia
               This segment focuses on the manufacture of beverage packaging products within Australia and New Zealand. The products manufactured by
               this segment include glass bottles, beverage cans and wine closures.

               Orora North America
               This segment, predominately located in North America, purchases, warehouses, sells and delivers a wide range of packaging and other related
               materials. The business also includes integrated corrugated sheet and box manufacturing and equipment sales capabilities and point of
               purchase retail display solutions and other visual communication services.




               74                                                                                                           ORORA LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                    Notes to the
                    financial statements
                    FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2021




                    The results of the reportable segments for the year ended 30 June 2021 and 30 June 2020 are set out below:




For personal use only
                                                                                                                   Australasia              North America                    Total Reported
                        $ million                                                                         2021 `         2020             2021      2020                   2021        2020

                        Reportable segment revenue
                                                                                             (1)
                        Total reportable segment revenue from continuing operations                      834.1          785.9         2,703.9        2,780.3           3,538.0        3,566.2

                        Reportable segment earnings
                        Earnings before significant items, interest, tax, depreciation                   197.8          191.5            171.5         157.1              369.3          348.6
                        and amortisation
                        Depreciation and amortisation                                                    (47.5)         (44.9)           (72.7)         (80.4)           (120.2)       (125.3)
                        Earnings before significant items, interest and tax                              150.3          146.6             98.8           76.7             249.1         223.3
                        Allocated finance expense - lease liabilities interest                            (0.7)          (0.9)            (9.8)         (12.5)            (10.5)         (13.4)
                        Earnings before significant items, unallocated interest and tax                  149.6          145.7             89.0           64.2             238.6          209.9

                        Capital spend on the acquisition of property, plant and
                                                                                                          34.2           93.4             22.9           22.8              57.1          116.2
                        equipment and intangibles

                        Receivables                                                                      150.3          100.7           338.9          343.4              489.2         444.1
                        Inventory                                                                        195.4          193.4           203.7          219.5              399.1         412.9
                        Payables                                                                        (262.7)        (237.8)         (380.7)        (393.4)            (643.4)       (631.2)
                        Total reportable segment working capital                                          83.0           56.3            161.9         169.5              244.9          225.8

                                                   (2)
                        Average funds employed                                                           590.8          543.8            659.7         858.7           1,250.5        1,402.5

                        Operating free cash flow(3)                                                      129.5           99.4             82.7           28.3             212.2          127.7

                    (1)      Represents total revenue from external customers. Across all segments, in accordance with AASB 15 Revenue from Contracts with Customers, the timing of revenue
                             recognition materially occurs at a point in time.
                    (2)      Average funds employed excludes intersegment balances and represents net assets less net debt and assets under construction, at the beginning and end of the
                             reporting period.
                    (3)      Operating free cash flow represents the cash flow generated from the Group’s operating and investing activities, including lease payments but before interest, tax and
                             dividends. In the current period the operating free cash flow of the Australasia segment includes an outflow of $28.4 million (2020: $20.6 million) representing
                             expenditure on the decommissioning of the Petrie site, refer note 1.2.




                    ORORA LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2021                                                                                                                                              75
               Notes to the
               financial statements
               FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2021




               Section 1: Results for the year (continued)
               1.1 Segment results (continued)




For personal use only
               Accounting policies
               Segment performance is evaluated based on earnings before significant items, interest and related income tax expense (EBIT). This measure
               excludes the effects of significant items which are typically gains or losses arising from events that are not considered part of the core
               operations of the business whilst including items directly attributable to the segment as well as those that can be allocated on a reasonable
               basis.

               Interest income and expenditure and other finance costs, other than interest on lease liabilities, are not allocated to the segments, as this type
               of activity is managed at the Group level. Transfer prices between segments are priced on an ‘arm’s-length’ basis, in a manner similar to
               transactions with third parties, and are eliminated on consolidation.

               Geographical segments
               In presenting information on the basis of geographical location both segment revenue and non-current assets are based on the location of the
               Orora business. This information has been presented for continuing operations only.

               Revenue                                                                    Non-current assets(1)
               $m                                                                         $m
                                                                2,633.0
                                                      2,557.6                                                                                 775.8
                                                                                  2021                                                                            2021
                                                                                                                                    717.8
                                                                                  2020                                                                            2020



                                                                                                         521.3
                                                                                                501.9




                   727.2      683.6


                                                                                                                  67.1     71.6
                                      106.8   102.4                       146.4   147.2                                                                28.7       27.8


                        Australia      New Zealand    United States of        Other                Australia       New Zealand      United States of          Other
                                                          America                                                                       America

                                                                                          (1)       Non-current assets exclude deferred tax assets and non-current financial
                                                                                                    instruments.


               Revenue by product
               $ million                                                                                                                                      2021         2020

               Fibre and paper-based packaging                                                                                                            749.5            672.0
               Beverage packaging                                                                                                                         834.0            785.9
               Traded packaging products                                                                                                                1,954.5          2,108.3
               Total sales revenue                                                                                                                      3,538.0          3,566.2



               No single customer, within an operating segment, generates revenue greater than 10% of the Group’s total revenues.




               76                                                                                                                        ORORA LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                    Notes to the
                    financial statements
                    FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2021




                    Reconciliation of segmental measures
                    The following segmental measurements reconcile to the financial statements as follows:




For personal use only
                    Profit before related income tax expense
                    $ million                                                                                     2021      2020

                        Reported segment earnings                                                                 238.6    209.9
                        Significant items before related income tax (refer note 1.2)                              (38.6)   (137.2)
                        Unallocated net finance costs                                                             (22.3)    (37.1)
                        Profit before related income tax expense                                                  177.7      35.6


                    Capital spend on the acquisition of property, plant and equipment and intangibles
                        $ million                                                                                 2021      2020

                        Reported segment capital spend                                                             57.1    116.2
                        Capital spend of discontinued operations                                                      -     50.2
                        Total group capital spend                                                                  57.1    166.4
                        Movement in capital creditors                                                               1.9          -
                        Movement in prepaid capital items                                                           1.8      (0.7)
                        Other non-cash adjustments                                                                 (3.5)      0.9
                        Acquisition of property, plant and equipment and intangibles for total operations (1)      57.3    166.6

                    (1)      Refer notes 3.5 and 3.7, excludes balances acquired through business combinations.



                    Operating free cash flow
                    $ million                                                                                     2021      2020

                        Reported segment operating free cash flow                                                 212.2     127.7
                        Add back capital expenditure activities included in segment operating free cash flow       30.0      46.8
                        Add back principal lease repayments included in segment operating free cash flow           48.9      52.1
                        Less operating activities excluded from operating free cash flow:
                          Interest received                                                                         0.2       0.6
                          Interest and borrowing costs paid                                                       (22.2)    (38.5)
                          Income tax received/(paid)                                                                1.5     (49.1)
                        Net cash flows from operating activities                                                  270.6     139.6




                    ORORA LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2021                                                                            77
               Notes to the
               financial statements
               FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2021




               Section 1: Results for the year (continued)
               1.1 Segment results (continued)




For personal use only
               Working capital
               $ million                                                                                                                   2021        2020

               Reported segment working capital                                                                                           244.9       225.8
               Add/(less) amounts included in working capital for management reporting purposes:
                 Derivatives                                                                                                                  (1.9)      6.0
               Add/(less) amounts excluded from working capital for management reporting purposes:
                 Net capital receivables and payables                                                                                         30.3      11.5
                 Loan receivables and other assets                                                                                             0.1         -
                  Other payables                                                                                                           (7.5)       (6.3)
                                                                                                                                          265.9       237.0
               Reconciles to the financial statements as follows:
               Trade and other receivables (note 3.1)                                                                                     498.4       460.5
               Inventories (note 3.2)                                                                                                      399.1       412.9
               Trade and other payables (note 3.3)                                                                                        (650.8)     (663.5)
               Current prepayments (note 3.4)                                                                                               19.2        27.1
                                                                                                                                          265.9       237.0


               1.2. Significant items
                  Significant items are typically gains or losses arising from events that are not considered part of the core operations of the business.


                                                                                        2021                                           2020
                                                                                    Tax (expense)/                                 Tax (expense)/
               $ million                                              Before tax           benefit     Net of tax    Before tax            benefit    Net of tax

               Continuing operations
               Restructuring and asset impairment                              -                   -           -          (31.0)                8.4       (22.6)
               Recoverable amount impairment                                    -                 -             -        (106.2)              28.7        (77.5)
               Decommissioning costs                                       (38.6)              11.6        (27.0)              -                 -            -
                                                                           (38.6)              11.6        (27.0)        (137.2)              37.1      (100.1)

               Discontinuing operations
               Net profit on sale of Australasian Fibre businesses           1.5                4.6          6.1         164.0                  7.7      171.7
                                                                             1.5                4.6          6.1         164.0                  7.7      171.7
               Total significant item (expense)/income                     (37.1)              16.2        (20.9)          26.8               44.8           71.6


               2021
               Decommissioning costs
               Following ongoing project review and reassessment of remediation requirements, additional costs associated with the decommissioning of the
               former Petrie Mill site of $38.6 million ($27.0 million after tax) have been recognised in respect of estimated costs to complete. This expense
               has been recognised as a significant item and is presented in ‘general and administration’ expense. The decommissioning of the Petrie site is
               progressing, but continues to be a significant and complex exercise involving multiple government agencies. Recent significant developments
               associated with the unprecedented rainfall levels in Queensland and unforeseen complexities related to the remediation of the remaining and
               most technically complex areas of the site have resulted in delays and caused estimated costs to complete the remaining decommissioning to
               be higher than previously contemplated. The Group continues to engage a specialist environmental consulting firm to manage the completion
               of the remaining remediation works. The provision at 30 June 2021 (refer note 3.9) represents management’s best estimate in respect of the
               anticipated costs to complete the remediation, using all currently available information and considering applicable legislative and
               environmental regulations.




               78                                                                                                            ORORA LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                    Notes to the
                    financial statements
                    FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2021




                    Net profit on sale of Australasian Fibre business
                    On 29 September 2020, the Group finalised the post-close completion accounts process with regards to the divestment of the Australasian




For personal use only
                    Fibre business including finalisation of the tax position of the sale, resulting in the recognition of an incremental net gain on disposal of
                    $11.3 million (after tax $12.8 million). This gain has been offset by the recognition of additional costs and obligations associated with the sale
                    totalling $9.8 million (after tax $6.7 million).

                    2020
                    Restructuring and asset impairment
                    In the comparative period, the majority of the restructuring and asset impairment expense ($20.7 million before tax) was the result of
                    the decision to close the Orora Visual Los Angeles site as part of a rationalisation of the California footprint in response to the business’
                    performance being below expectations. This included impairments of property, plant and equipment of $9.4 million and provisions for
                    redundancy, restructuring and relocation costs of $11.3 million. The remainder of the restructuring and asset impairment charge related to the
                    write-off of investments no longer considered recoverable as a result of the impacts of COVID-19 and restructuring charges incurred to
                    improve business performance. The significant item has been presented in ‘general and administration expenses’ in the income statement.

                    Recoverable amount impairments
                    In the comparative period, the Group recognised an impairment to the carrying value of the Orora Visual cash generating unit (CGU) of
                    $106.2 million ($77.5 million after tax). The decrease in the estimated recoverable amount compared to prior years reflected the difficulty of
                    management turnaround initiatives, implemented to address the below expectations business performance, to gain traction which was
                    materially compounded by the impact of COVID-19. Whilst the majority of Orora’s businesses were resilient during COVID-19, many of the end
                    market segments serviced by Orora Visual were more significantly impacted and uncertainty remained over the timing of recovery of these
                    markets. These factors contributed to a lower estimation of future cash flows attributable to this business resulting in the impairment charge.
                    The impairment was recognised in respect of Orora Visual goodwill ($89.4 million), other intangible assets ($7.3 million) and property, plant
                    and equipment ($9.5 million). The significant item has been presented in ‘general and administration expenses’ in the income statement, refer
                    note 3.8.

                    Net profit on sale of Australasian Fibre business
                    On 30 April 2020, the Group completed the sale of its Australasian Fibre business to a wholly owned subsidiary of Nippon Paper Industries Co.,
                    Limited, with net proceeds of $1,637.0 million received in the period to 30 June 2020. The net gain on disposal, before tax, of $164.0 million
                    ($171.7 million after tax) was presented net of transaction costs, exchange fluctuation reserve reclassified on disposal, write-off of Group
                    assets relating to the Fibre business, allowances for post-close completion accounts adjustments and provisions for indemnities. The net gain
                    on disposal was recognised and presented in the ‘profit from discontinued operations, net of tax’ in the income statement. Refer note 6.2 for
                    further details of the divestment.


                    1.3. Earnings per share (EPS)
                        Earnings per share (EPS) is the amount of post-tax profit attributable to each share.
                        Basic EPS is calculated on the Group profit for the year attributable to ordinary shareholders of the Company of $135.8 million (2020:
                        $238.9 million) divided by the weighted average number of shares on issue during the reporting period, excluding ordinary shares
                        purchased by the Company and held as Treasury Shares, being 928.3 million (2020: 964.1 million).
                        Diluted EPS reflects any commitments made by the Group to issue shares in the future and so it includes the effect of the potential
                        conversion of share options and rights granted to employees. To calculate the impact it is assumed that all share options and rights are
                        exercised and new shares are issued.
                        Basic and Diluted EPS, before significant items, is presented below in order to show the business performance of the Group in a consistent
                        manner and reflect how the business is managed and measured on a day-to-day basis. It is also a measure that is considered by the Board
                        in determination of dividend payments.




                    ORORA LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2021                                                                                                                 79
               Notes to the
               financial statements
               FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2021




               Section 1: Results for the year (continued)
               1.3 Earnings per share (EPS) (continued)




For personal use only
               Calculation of EPS
               Calculation of basic and diluted earnings per share has been based on the following profit attributable to ordinary shareholders and weighted
               average number of ordinary shares outstanding.

               EPS attributable to the ordinary equity holders of Orora Limited
               million                                                                                                                                                        2021           2020

               Continuing operations
               Profit for the financial period from continuing operations before significant items                                                                          $156.7         $126.7
               Significant items (refer note 1.2)                                                                                                                           ($27.0)       ($100.1)
                                                                                                                                                                            $129.7           $26.6
               Discontinued operations
               Profit for the financial period from discontinued operations before significant items (refer note 6.2)                                                              -        $40.6
               Significant items (refer note 1.2)                                                                                                                              $6.1        $171.7
                                                                                                                                                                               $6.1        $212.3
               Profit for the financial period                                                                                                                              $135.8         $238.9



               Weighted average number of ordinary shares for basic earnings per share                                                                                       928.3           964.1
               Dilution due to share options and rights                                                                                                                         5.3             6.9
               Weighted average number of ordinary shares for diluted earnings per share                                                                                     933.6           971.0


               Earnings per share for continuing operations
               Basic earnings per share                                                                                                                                       14.0c            2.8c
               Diluted earnings per share                                                                                                                                     13.9c            2.7c
               Basic earnings per share, before significant items                                                                                                             16.9c          13.1c
               Diluted earnings per share, before significant items                                                                                                           16.8c          13.1c


               Earnings per share
               Basic earnings per share(1)                                                                                                                                    14.6c          24.8c
                                                 (1)
               Diluted earnings per share                                                                                                                                     14.5c          24.6c
               Basic earnings per share, before significant items                                                                                                             16.9c          17.4c
               Diluted earnings per share, before significant items                                                                                                           16.8c          17.2c

               (1)      Earnings per share includes the after-tax net gain on sale of $6.1 million (2020: $171.7 million) recognised in respect of the sale of the Australasian Fibre business, refer
                        note 6.2.




               80                                                                                                                                        ORORA LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                    Notes to the
                    financial statements
                    FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2021




                    1.4. Income
                    The information presented in this note is for continuing operations only.




For personal use only
                        $ million                                                                                                                 2021       2020

                        Revenue from sale of goods                                                                                              3,538.0    3,566.2

                        Sub-lease income                                                                                                            0.6        1.3
                        Other                                                                                                                       3.0        3.5
                        Total other income                                                                                                          3.6        4.8

                        External interest income                                                                                                    0.2        0.6
                        Total finance income                                                                                                        0.2        0.6



                    Accounting policies
                    The Group generates revenue primarily from the sale of packaging materials and products providing customers with an extensive range of
                    tailored packaging and visual communication solutions.

                    The Group provides standard packaging materials to its customers as well as customer specific (made-to-order) packaging products. The Group
                    also sources and provides packaging equipment/solutions to customers who enter into long-term agreements under bundled contract
                    arrangements.

                    Revenue is recognised when control of the goods or services are transferred to the customer and the Group’s right to payment arises. Revenue
                    is measured on the consideration to which the Group expects to be entitled to in a contract with a customer.

                    For certain customers the Group provides retrospective rebates once the quantity of product purchased during the period exceeds a threshold
                    specified in the contract. For contracts that include rebates the amount of revenue recognised is adjusted to the anticipated rebates payable,
                    which is based on the purchase history of the customer.

                    Standard packaging products
                    Customers obtain control of standard packaging products when the goods are delivered to and have been accepted at their premises. Invoices
                    are generated at that point in time with payment terms varying depending on the customer, ranging from 30 to 90 days.

                    Some contracts allow for volume discounts/rebates.

                    Made-to-order packaging products
                    Made-to-order packaging products are usually long-term contracts which contain several elements. In the vast majority of cases these
                    elements represent only one performance obligation to the customer.

                    In some cases the Group produces these products in advance of delivery. Typically control over these goods remain with the Group until
                    shipment or when the customer takes physical possession of the goods. The right to payment arises only at the point in time when control over
                    the good is transferred to the customer.

                    The Group has determined that for made-to-order products the customer obtains control of the products when the goods are delivered to and
                    have been accepted at their premises. This represents the point in time when invoices are generated as the right to payment arises. Payment
                    terms varying depending on the customer, ranging from 30 to 90 days.

                    Some contracts allow for volume discounts/rebates.

                    Bundled packaging solutions
                    The Group sources and provides packaging equipment/solutions to customers who enter into long-term product supply arrangements.

                    The customer obtains control of the equipment and product when the goods are delivered to and have been accepted at their premises.
                    Invoices are generated at that point in time with payment terms varying depending on the customer, ranging from 30 to 60 days.




                    ORORA LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2021                                                                                                            81
               Notes to the
               financial statements
               FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2021




               Section 1: Results for the year (continued)
               1.5. Operating costs




For personal use only
               The information presented in this note is for continuing operations only.

               Employee benefit expense
               $ million                                                                                                                      2021            2020

                Wages and salaries                                                                                                            529.5          540.2
                Workers compensation and other on-costs                                                                                        25.7           31.3
                Superannuation costs on accumulation funds                                                                                      6.6             7.7
                Other employment benefits expense                                                                                               0.1                  -
                Share-based payments expense
                 - Options                                                                                                                      0.2             0.8
                 - Performance rights and other plans                                                                                           3.3             3.8
                 - Grants forfeited and failing to vest                                                                                        (2.6)              -
               Total employee benefits expense                                                                                                562.8          583.8

               The Group’s accounting policy for liabilities associated with employee benefits is contained in note 3.9, whilst the policy for share-based
               payments is set out in note 7.1.

               Depreciation and amortisation
               $ million                                                                                                                     2021            2020

                Depreciation                                                                                                                  68.0            66.9
                Amortisation of right-of-use assets                                                                                           44.2            46.4
                Amortisation of finance leased assets                                                                                          0.1             0.5
                Amortisation of intangibles                                                                                                    7.9            11.5
               Total depreciation and amortisation                                                                                           120.2           125.3


               Finance expenses
               $ million                                                                                                                      2021            2020

               Interest paid/payable:
                - Finance charges on right-of-use assets                                                                                       10.5           13.4
                - Unwinding of discount                                                                                                             -           0.3
                - External interest expense                                                                                                    18.6           35.7
               Amount capitalised                                                                                                                   -          (1.3)
               Total interest paid/payable                                                                                                     29.1           48.1
               Borrowing costs                                                                                                                  3.9             3.0
               Total finance expenses                                                                                                          33.0           51.1

               Refer note 3.6 for the Group’s accounting policy and details on right-of-use assets and note 2.3 regarding the Group’s external borrowings.




               82                                                                                                             ORORA LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                    Notes to the
                    financial statements
                    FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2021




                    Section 2: Capital structure and financing
                        IN THIS SECTION




For personal use only
                        This section outlines how the Group manages its capital structure and related financing, including its balance sheet liquidity and access
                        to capital markets.
                        The Directors determine the appropriate capital structure of the Group, specifically how much is raised from shareholders (equity) and
                        how much is borrowed from financial institutions (debt) in order to finance the Group’s activities both now and in the future.
                        Maintaining capital discipline and balance sheet efficiency remains important to the Group, as seen through the refinancing activities
                        undertaken during the year. Any potential courses of action in respect of the Group’s structure take into account the Group’s liquidity
                        needs, flexibility to invest in the business and impact on credit ratings.
                        In order to optimise the capital structure, the Group may:
                        •    adjust the amount of ordinary dividends paid to shareholders;
                        •    maintain a dividend investment plan;
                        •    raise or return capital to shareholders; and
                        •    repay debt or raise debt for working capital and capital expenditure requirements, or to facilitate acquisitions in line with the
                             strategic objectives and operating plans of the Group.

                        The Directors consider the Group’s capital structure and dividend policy at least twice a year ahead of announcing results, and do so in
                        the context of its ability to continue as a going concern, to execute the strategy and to invest in opportunities to grow the business and
                        enhance shareholder value.



                    2.1. Capital management
                        Capital is defined as the combination of shareholders’ equity, reserves and net debt. The key objective of the Group when managing its
                        capital is to safeguard its ability to continue as a going concern, so that the Group can continue to provide returns for shareholders and
                        benefits for other stakeholders, and maintain an optimal capital and funding structure.
                        The aim of the Group’s capital management framework is to maintain an investment grade credit profile, and the requisite financial
                        metrics, to secure access to alternate funding sources with a spread of maturity dates and sufficient undrawn committed facility capacity.
                        The Group’s capital management framework also aims to optimise, over the long term and to the extent practicable, the weighted
                        average cost of capital to reduce the cost of capital to the Group while maintaining financial flexibility.
                        The Group uses a range of financial metrics to monitor the efficiency of its capital structure, including on-balance sheet gearing and
                        leverage ratios, and to ensure that its capital structure provides sufficient financial strength to allow it to secure access to debt finance at
                        reasonable cost. At 30 June 2021, the Group’s on-balance sheet gearing and leverage ratios, excluding lease liabilities, were 37.1% (2020:
                        22.1%) and 1.5 times (2020: 0.9 times), respectively.
                        On-market Share Buyback
                        2B




                        On 20 August 2020, the Group announced an on-market buyback of up to 10.0% of issued share capital. This represented approximately
                        96.5 million shares. The buyback commenced in September 2020. The Dividend Reinvestment Plan was suspended whilst the on-market
                        buyback was undertaken.
                        The share buyback ceased on 30 June 2021. During the period ordinary shares totalling 89,337,073 were purchased on-market through
                        the share buyback for a total value of $256.2 million, representing 9.3% of the share capital at the date the share buyback was
                        announced.
                        Australasian Fibre divestment
                        3B




                        In the comparative period, the Group completed the sale of its Australasian Fibre business to a wholly owned subsidiary of Nippon Paper
                        Industries Co., Limited, with net proceeds of $1,637.0 million received in the period to 30 June 2020 (refer note 6.2).
                        In determining the timing and quantity of funds to return to shareholders in respect of the funds received from the Fibre divestment, the
                        Directors considered a variety of factors, including: COVID-19 pandemic related uncertainty; tightening liquidity in debt markets and the
                        terms of the Group’s debt facilities; retaining the Group’s strong balance sheet; and preserving flexibility to pursue potential growth
                        opportunities. In light of these factors, in the comparative period, the Directors determined to return $600.0 million to shareholders. This
                        return included a special dividend of $450.0 million (37.3 cents per share) and a capital return of $150.0 million (12.4 cents per share).




                    ORORA LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2021                                                                                                                       83
               Notes to the
               financial statements
               FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2021




               Section 2: Capital structure and financing (continued)
               2.1 Capital management (continued)




For personal use only
               $ million                                                                                                     Note          2021        2020

               Financial borrowings
               Total borrowings                                                                                              2.3           503.5       399.4
               Less: Cash and cash equivalents                                                                               2.3           (50.6)     (107.3)
               Net debt                                                                                                                    452.9       292.1
               Lease liabilities                                                                                             2.3           252.8       279.4
               Net debt including lease liabilities                                                                                        705.7       571.5
               Equity and reserves
               Contributed equity                                                                                            2.4.1         127.4       335.2
               Treasury shares                                                                                               2.4.1         (46.6)       (1.6)
               Reserves                                                                                                      2.4.2         107.6       139.2
               Retained earnings                                                                                             2.4.3         580.2       557.4
                                                                                                                                           768.6     1,030.2
               Net Capital                                                                                                               1,474.3     1,601.7




               2.2. Dividends
                                                                                                                                     Cents per         Total
                                                                                                                                       share        $ million

               Declared and paid during the period
               For the year ended 30 June 2021
               Final dividend for 2020 (unfranked)                                                                                      5.5             53.1
               Interim dividend for 2021 (unfranked)                                                                                    6.5             59.9
                                                                                                                                                       113.0

               For the year ended 30 June 2020
               Final dividend for 2019 (30% franked)                                                                                     6.5            78.2
               Interim dividend for 2020 (30% franked)                                                                                   6.5            78.4
               Special dividend for 2020 (50% franked)                                                                                  37.3           450.0
                                                                                                                                                       606.6


               Proposed and unrecognised at period end (1)
               For the year ended 30 June 2021
               Final dividend for 2021 (unfranked)                                                                                      7.5             65.7

               For the year ended 30 June 2020
               Final dividend for 2020 (unfranked)                                                                                      5.5             53.1

               (1)      Estimated final dividend payable, subject to variations in the number of shares up to record date.




               84                                                                                                             ORORA LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                    Notes to the
                    financial statements
                    FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2021




                    Shareholder distributions – cents per share (excludes special dividends)
                                                                      14.0c




For personal use only
                                                 13.0c
                                       12.5c
                                                            12.0c
                             11.0c

                                                  6.5c
                                        6.5c                           7.5c
                                                  30%       5.5c
                                        30%                         unfranked
                                                franked   unfranked
                              6.0c    franked
                              30%
                            franked




                                        6.0c      6.5c       6.5c       6.5c
                              5.0c      30%       50%        30%     unfranked
                              30%     franked   franked    franked
                            franked                                              Final dividend (FY21: proposed)
                                                                                 Interim dividend
                             FY17      FY18      FY19       FY20       FY21




                    2020 Special Dividend
                    On 30 April 2020, the Group completed the sale of its Australasian Fibre business, refer note 6.2, with net proceeds of $1,637.0 million received
                    in the period to 30 June 2020. The Directors determined to return $600.0 million to shareholders upon the completion of this transaction
                    which included the payment of a special dividend of $450.0 million. The dividend was paid on 29 June 2020 and represented a return of 37.3
                    cents per share and was partially franked at 50%. The dividend reinvestment plan was suspended and did not apply to the special dividend.

                    Dividend reinvestment plan
                    The Group operates a dividend reinvestment plan which allows eligible shareholders to elect to invest dividends in ordinary shares. All holders
                    of Orora Limited ordinary shares with Australian or New Zealand addresses registered with the share registry are eligible to participate in the
                    plan. The allocation price for shares is based on the average of the daily volume weighted average share price of Orora Limited ordinary shares
                    sold on the Australian Securities Exchange, calculated with reference to a period of not less than ten consecutive trading days as determined by
                    the Directors.
                    On 20 August 2020, the Group announced an on-market share buyback of up to 10.0% of issued share capital. The buyback ceased on 30 June
                    2021 with 9.3% of issued share capital having been purchased. The Dividend Reinvestment Plan was suspended whilst the on-market buyback
                    was undertaken.

                    Franking Account
                    Franking credits for shareholders of the Company apply at corporate tax rate of 30% (2020: 30%). The interim dividend for 2021 was unfranked
                    (2020 Interim: 30% franked, and the special dividend paid on 29 June 2020 was 50% franked), the proposed final dividend for 2021 is unfranked
                    (2020 Final: unfranked). The balance of franking credits available as at 30 June 2021 is nil (2020: nil).

                    Conduit Foreign Income Account
                    For Australian tax purposes, non-resident shareholder dividends will not be subject to Australian withholding tax to the extent that they are
                    franked or sourced from the Company’s Conduit Foreign Income (CFI) Account. For the 2021 dividends, 100% of the interim dividend and 100%
                    of the 2021 final dividend is to be sourced from the CFI account (2020: 70% of the interim dividend, 50% of the special dividend and 100% of
                    the 2020 final dividend were sourced from the Company’s CFI account). As a result, none of the 2021 dividends paid to a non-resident will be
                    subject to Australian withholding tax. The balance of the conduit foreign income account as at 30 June 2021 is $103.5 million (2020: $69.4
                    million), and it is estimated that this will reduce by $65.7 million (2020: $53.1 million) after payment of the estimated final dividend on 11
                    October 2021.

                    2.3. Net Debt
                        During the period the Group successfully refinanced the Global Syndicated Facility. In addition to the US Private Placement of notes
                        of USD243.0 million, of which USD100.0 million matures in July 2023 and USD143.0 million in July 2025, the Group has access to the
                        following committed facilities as at 30 June 2021:
                        • a $350.0 million revolving multicurrency facility through a syndicate of domestic and international financial institutions, maturing in
                             November 2024;
                        • a USD150.0 million five-year USD revolving facility, through a syndicate of domestic and international financial institutions, maturing
                             in April 2024; and
                        • a $35.0 million bilateral agreement with a domestic institution, maturing in January 2022.
                        These facilities are unsecured. During both the current and comparative reporting period Orora Limited has complied with the financial
                        covenants of its borrowing facilities.




                    ORORA LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2021                                                                                                                85
               Notes to the
               financial statements
               FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2021




               Section 2: Capital structure and financing (continued)
               2.3 Net Debt (continued)




For personal use only
               $ million                                                                                                                           2021         2020

               Cash on hand and at bank                                                                                                             44.3         98.3
               Deposits at call                                                                                                                      6.3          9.0
               Total cash and cash equivalents                                                                                                      50.6        107.3

               Lease liabilities
               Due within one year                                                                                                                  48.0         50.8
               Due after one year                                                                                                                  204.8        228.6
               Total lease liability                                                                                                               252.8        279.4

               Borrowings
               Finance lease liabilities due after one year                                                                                          0.1          0.2
               Bank loans due after one year                                                                                                       180.0         48.0
               US Private Placement due after one year                                                                                             323.4        351.2
               Non-current borrowings                                                                                                              503.5        399.4
               Total borrowings                                                                                                                    503.5        399.4

               Total debt                                                                                                                          756.3        678.8

               Net debt                                                                                                                            705.7        571.5

               Accounting policies
               Cash and cash equivalents
               Cash and cash equivalents include cash at bank and on hand and short-term money market investments with an original maturity of three
               months or less and are classified as financial assets held at amortised cost. Cash at bank earns interest at floating rates based on daily bank
               deposits. Short-term deposits are made for varying periods, depending on the immediate cash requirements of the Group, and earn interest
               at the respective short-term deposit rates.

               The carrying value of cash and cash equivalents is considered to approximate fair value due to the assets’ liquid nature.

               Bank loans
               All loans and borrowings are initially recognised at the fair value of the consideration received, less directly attributable transaction costs.
               Subsequent to initial recognition, interest-bearing liabilities are measured at amortised cost using the effective interest rate method.

               Interest-bearing liabilities are derecognised when the obligation specified in the contract is discharged, cancelled or expires. The difference
               between the carrying amount of a financial liability that has been extinguished or transferred to another party and the consideration paid is
               recognised in profit or loss.

               Interest-bearing liabilities are classified as current liabilities, except for those liabilities where the Group has an unconditional right to defer
               settlement for at least 12 months after the reporting period, which are classified as non-current liabilities.

               The US Private Placement notes have a carrying value of $324.1 million (excluding borrowing costs) while the fair value of the notes is
               $347.6 million. For all other borrowings, the fair values are not materially different to their carrying amounts since the interest payable on
               those borrowings is either close to current market rates or the borrowings are of a short-term nature.




               86                                                                                                                 ORORA LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                    Notes to the
                    financial statements
                    FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2021




                    2.3.1. Net debt reconciliation
                    The following table illustrates the cash and non-cash movements of net debt:




For personal use only
                                                                                                Assets            Liabilities from financing activities
                                                                                             Cash and cash                                        US Private
                        $ million                                                              equivalents Lease liabilities    Bank loans        Placement          Total

                        Net debt at 1 July 2019                                                       70.3             (1.3)         (604.1)          (354.9)      (890.0)
                        Impact of change in lease accounting policy (refer note 7.8.2)                   -           (595.3)               -                -      (595.3)
                        Restated net debt at 1 July 2019                                              70.3           (596.6)         (604.1)          (354.9)     (1,485.3)
                        Cash flows                                                                    39.8            101.3           595.8               10.4      747.3
                        Disposal of businesses and controlled entities                                    -           245.6               -                   -     245.6
                        Change in lease arrangements                                                      -            (9.3)              -                   -      (9.3)
                        Unwinding of discounting                                                          -           (20.6)              -                   -     (20.6)
                        Other non-cash movements                                                          -             0.9            (2.9)              (0.3)      (2.3)
                        Effect of movements in foreign exchange rates                                 (2.8)            (0.9)          (36.8)              (6.4)     (46.9)
                        Net debt at 30 June 2020                                                     107.3           (279.6)          (48.0)          (351.2)      (571.5)
                        Cash flows                                                                   (52.1)            59.4          (131.8)                  -    (124.5)
                        Change in lease arrangements                                                      -           (42.1)               -                  -     (42.1)
                        Unwinding of discounting                                                          -           (10.5)               -                  -     (10.5)
                        Other non-cash movements                                                          -            (0.2)           (0.1)              (0.2)      (0.5)
                        Effect of movements in foreign exchange rates                                 (4.6)            20.1            (0.1)              28.0       43.4
                        Net debt at 30 June 2021                                                      50.6           (252.9)         (180.0)          (323.4)      (705.7)



                    2.3.2. Borrowings
                    The maturity profile of the Group’s external borrowings drawn down, excluding the impact of capitalised borrowing costs, as at 30 June 2021 is
                    illustrated in the following chart:

                    Maturity profile of drawn debt by facility
                                                               190.7
                                                      180.0



                                              133.4




                                                                         Bank Loans
                                                                         Private Placement

                             FY22    FY23     FY24    FY25     FY26




                    Loans due after one year
                    At 30 June 2021, bank loans due after one year include:
                    •      $180.0 million drawn under a $350.0 million committed global syndicated multicurrency facility maturing in November 2024 (2020:
                           $20.0 million and NZD30.0 million drawn under a $350.0 million committed global syndicated multicurrency facility maturing in April 2022);
                    •      nil drawings under the USD150.0 million committed syndicated facility maturing in April 2024 (2020: nil);
                    •      nil drawings under the $35.0 million bilateral agreement, maturing in January 2022 (2020: nil drawings under three bilateral agreements,
                           one for $25.0 million maturing in March 2021, and two for $35.0 million each, one maturing in April 2021 and the other in January 2022).

                    All drawings as at 30 June 2021 were denominated in Australian dollars and bore interest at the applicable BBSY plus an applicable credit
                    margin. Any drawings in US or New Zealand dollars would bear interest at the applicable LIBOR and BKBM rate plus an applicable credit margin.

                    The US Private Placement of notes of USD243.0 million consists of USD100.0 million which matures in July 2023 and USD143.0 million which
                    matures in July 2025.




                    ORORA LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2021                                                                                                                          87
               Notes to the
               financial statements
               FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2021




               Section 2: Capital structure and financing (continued)
               2.4. Equity




For personal use only
                     This section explains material movements in shareholders’ equity that are not explained elsewhere in the financial statements. The
                     movements in equity and the balance at 30 June 2021 are presented in the statement of changes in equity.



               2.4.1. Contributed equity
                                                                                                                                  Ordinary shares                    Treasury shares
                                                                                                                                  No. '000 $ million                 No. '000 $ million

               At 1 July 2019                                                                                                    1,206,685          488.0              (1,127)          (3.9)
               Capital return and share consolidation(1)                                                                          (241,322)        (150.0)                164            0.4
               Acquisition of shares by the Orora Employee Share Trust (note 6.3)                                                         -              -             (6,920)         (18.6)
               Proceeds received from employes on exercise of options                                                                     -           8.0                    -             -
               Treasury shares used to settle Team Member Share Plan                                                                      -              -                234            0.7
               Treasury shares used to satisfy issue of CEO Grant (note 7.1)                                                              -          (0.7)                209            0.7
               Exercise of vested grants under Employee Share Plans                                                                  6,785            9.0                    -             -
               Treasury shares used to satisfy exercise of vested grants under Employee Share Plans                                 (6,785)         (19.1)              6,785           19.1
               At 30 June 2020                                                                                                     965,363          335.2                (655)          (1.6)

               Share buyback                                                                                                       (75,123)        (210.1)                   -              -
               Acquisition of shares by the Orora Employee Share Trust (note 6.3)                                                         -              -               (412)          (0.9)
                                                                             (2)
               Acquisition of shares under share buyback program                                                                          -              -            (14,214)         (46.1)
               Proceeds received from employes on exercise of options                                                                     -           1.0                    -              -
               Restriction lifted on shares issued under the CEO Grant (note 7.1)                                                         -           0.2                    -              -
               Exercise of vested grants under Employee Share Plans                                                                    841            3.1                    -              -
               Treasury shares used to satisfy exercise of vested grants under Employee Share Plans                                   (841)          (2.0)                841            2.0
               At 30 June 2021                                                                                                     890,240          127.4             (14,440)         (46.6)

               (1)      On 16 June 2020, the shareholders approved a capital return of 12.4 cents per share payable to each individual holding shares in Orora as at the record date of 22 June
                        2020. The payment of the capital return of $150.0 million return occurred on 29 June 2020. At the same time of approving the capital return the shareholders also
                        approved the share consolidation. Under the share consolidation every ordinary share was converted into 0.80 ordinary shares (5 shares became 4)
               (2)      As at 30 June 2021, 14,214,228 ordinary shares purchased on-market under the Share Buyback program announced by the Group had not been cancelled, these shares
                        have been presented as Treasury Shares. Subsequent to the end of the financial year the shares were cancelled.


               Ordinary shares
               Ordinary shares are classified as equity. The Company does not have authorised capital or par value in respect of its issued shares. All issued
               shares are fully paid, all shares rank equally with regard to the Company’s residual assets. Ordinary shares entitle the holder to participate in
               dividends, as declared from time to time, and are entitled to one vote per share at meetings of the Company. Incremental costs directly
               attributable to the issue of new shares or the exercise of options are recognised as a deduction from equity, net of any related income tax
               benefit effects.

               Treasury shares
               Where the Orora Employee Share Trust purchases equity instruments in the Company that have been identified as treasury shares, the
               consideration paid, including any directly attributable costs is deducted from equity, net of any related income tax effects. When the treasury
               shares are subsequently sold or reissued, any consideration received, net of any directly attributable costs and the related income tax effects,
               is recognised as an increase in equity, and the resulting surplus or deficit on the transaction is presented in retained earnings. Refer note 6.3.

               As at 30 June 2021, 14,214,228 ordinary shares purchased on-market under the Share Buyback program announced by the Group had not been
               cancelled, these shares have been presented as Treasury Shares. Subsequent to the end of the financial year the shares were cancelled.




               88                                                                                                                                    ORORA LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                    Notes to the
                    financial statements
                    FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2021




                    2.4.2. Reserves
                        $ million                                                                                                                     2021         2020




For personal use only
                        Cash flow hedge reserve                                                                                                         1.8         (4.4)
                        Share-based payment reserve                                                                                                     8.7         11.1
                        Demerger reserve                                                                                                              132.9        132.9
                        Exchange fluctuation reserve                                                                                                  (35.8)        (0.4)
                        Total reserves                                                                                                                107.6        139.2

                    Details of movements in each of the reserves is presented in the statement of changes in equity.

                    Accounting policies
                    Cash flow hedge reserve
                    The cash flow hedge reserve comprises the effective portion of the cumulative net change in the fair value of cash flow hedging instruments
                    related to hedged transactions that have not yet occurred.

                    During the 12 months to 30 June 2021 the following movements were recognised in the cash flow hedge reserve:

                        $ million                                                                                                                     2021         2020

                        Unrealised gains/(losses) on cash flow hedges
                        Forward exchange contract gain/(loss)                                                                                           2.9         (5.0)
                        Realised losses/(gains) transferred to profit or loss
                        Forward exchange contract loss/(gain)                                                                                           5.7         (0.9)
                        Realised (gains)/losses transferred to non-financial assets
                        Forward exchange contract gain                                                                                                     -        (0.1)


                    Refer note 5.4 for further information on these derivative instruments.

                    Share-based payment reserve
                    The share-based payment reserve is used to recognise the fair value of options and rights recognised as an expense. The Company provides
                    benefits to employees of the Group in the form of share-based payments, whereby employees render services in exchange for options or rights
                    over shares. Refer note 7.1 for further details of the Group’s share-based payment plans.

                    The fair value of options and rights granted is recognised as an employee benefit expense in the income statement with a corresponding
                    increase in the share-based payments reserve in equity and is spread over the vesting period during which the employees become
                    unconditionally entitled to the option or right. Upon exercise of the options or rights, the balance of the share-based payments reserve,
                    relating to the option or right, is transferred to share capital.

                    Demerger reserve
                    The demerger reserve represents the difference between the consideration paid by Orora under an internal corporate restructure and the
                    assets and liabilities acquired, which were recognised at their carrying value under a common control transaction.

                    Exchange fluctuation reserve
                    For controlled entities with a functional currency that is not Australian dollars, their assets and liabilities are translated at the closing exchange
                    rate at reporting date, while income and expenses are translated at year to date average exchange rates.

                    On consolidation all exchange differences arising from translation are recognised in other comprehensive income and accumulated in the
                    exchange fluctuation reserve.

                    In addition, foreign exchange gains or losses are deferred in equity if they relate to qualifying cash flow hedges, qualifying net investment
                    hedges or are attributable to part of the net investment in a foreign operation. When a foreign operation is disposed of, the cumulative
                    amount recognised within the reserve relating to that foreign operation is transferred to the income statement as an adjustment to the profit
                    or loss on disposal.




                    ORORA LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2021                                                                                                                   89
               Notes to the
               financial statements
               FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2021




               Section 2: Capital structure and financing (continued)
               2.4 Equity (continued)




For personal use only
               2.4.3. Retained earnings
               Retained earnings comprises profit for the year attributable to owners of the Company and other items recognised directly in equity as
               presented on the statement of changes in equity.

               $ million                                                                                                                                             2021       2020

               Retained earnings at the beginning of the period                                                                                                     557.4       995.7
               Impact of change in intangible asset policy (refer note 7.8.1)                                                                                           -        (0.8)
               Impact of change in lease accounting policy (refer note 7.8.2)                                                                                           -       (69.8)
               Restated retained earnings at the beginning of the period                                                                                            557.4       925.1
               Net profit attributable to the owners of Orora Limited                                                                                               135.8       238.9
                                                                                                                                                                    693.2     1,164.0
               Ordinary dividends:
                Final paid (refer note 2.2) (1)                                                                                                                      (53.1)     (78.2)
                Interim paid (refer note 2.2) (2)                                                                                                                    (59.9)     (78.4)
                                                        (3)
                  Special dividend (refer note 2.2)                                                                                                                       -    (450.0)
                                                                                                                                                                    (113.0)    (606.6)
               Retained earnings at the end of the period                                                                                                           580.2       557.4

               (1)      2020 Final dividend paid on 12 October 2020 (2019: 2019 Final dividend paid on 21 October 2019).
               (2)      2021 Interim dividend paid on 1 April 2021 (2020: 2020 Interim dividend paid on 9 April 2020).
               (3)      Special dividend was paid on 29 June 2020 representing 37.3 cents per ordinary share. Refer note 2.2 for further information.




               90                                                                                                                                       ORORA LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                    Notes to the
                    financial statements
                    FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2021




                    Section 3: Assets and liabilities
                          IN THIS SECTION




For personal use only
                          This section details the assets used to generate the Group’s trading performance and the liabilities incurred as a result. On the
                          following pages there are notes covering working capital, other assets, non-current assets and provisions.
                          Liabilities relating to the Group’s financing activities are set out in Section 2, whilst the assets and liabilities recognised in respect of
                          derivative instruments, used to hedge financial risks, are contained in Section 5. Information pertaining to deferred tax assets and
                          liabilities is provided in Section 4.



                    3.1. Trade and other receivables
                        $ million                                                                                                                                          2021           2020

                        Trade receivables                                                                                                                                  435.9         360.4
                        Less loss allowance provision                                                                                                                       (3.2)         (3.3)
                                                                                                                                                                           432.7         357.1
                        Other receivables (1)                                                                                                                               65.7         103.4
                        Total current trade and other receivables                                                                                                          498.4         460.5

                    (1)      These amounts generally arise from transactions outside the usual operating activities of the Group. Interest may be charged at commercial rates where the terms of
                             repayment exceed six months. Collateral is not normally obtained.


                    Accounting policies
                    Trade receivables and other receivables are all classified as financial assets held at amortised cost.

                    Trade receivables
                    Trade receivables are initially recognised at fair value and subsequently at amortised cost using the effective interest rate method, less a loss
                    allowance provision. The Group, from time to time, enters into trade financing instruments in respect of trade receivables.

                    The carrying value of trade and other receivables, less impairment provisions, is considered to approximate fair value, due to the short-term
                    nature of the receivables.

                    Impairment of trade receivables
                    The collectability of trade and other receivables is reviewed on an ongoing basis. Individual debts which are known to be uncollectable are
                    written off when identified.

                    The Group recognises an impairment provision based upon anticipated lifetime losses of trade receivables. The anticipated losses are
                    determined with reference to historical loss experience and is regularly reviewed and updated.

                    The amount of the impairment loss is recognised in the income statement within ‘general and administration’ expense.

                    Credit risks related to receivables
                    In assessing an appropriate provision for impairments of receivables consideration is given to historical experience of bad debts, the ageing of
                    receivables, knowledge of debtor insolvency or other credit risk and individual account assessment.

                    Customer credit risk is managed by each business group in accordance with the procedures and controls set out in the Group’s credit risk
                    management policy. Credit limits are established for all customers based on external and internal credit rating criteria and letters of credit or
                    other forms of credit insurance cover are obtained where appropriate. In monitoring customer credit risk, customers are grouped according to
                    their credit characteristics, including whether they are an individual or a legal entity, whether they are a wholesale, retail or end-user
                    customer, their geographic location, industry and existence of previous financial difficulties.

                    For some trade receivables the Group may also obtain security in the form of guarantees, deeds of undertaking or letters of credit which can be
                    called upon if the counterparty is in default under the terms of the agreement. The Group does not otherwise require collateral in respect of
                    trade and other receivables.




                    ORORA LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2021                                                                                                                                          91
               Notes to the
               financial statements
               FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2021




               Section 3: Assets and liabilities (continued)
               3.1 Trade and other receivables (continued)




For personal use only
               The following tables sets out the ageing of trade receivables, according to their due date:

                                                                                                                    Loss allowance             Gross carrying
                                                                                                                      provision                   amount
               $ million                                                                                             2021        2020           2021        2020

               Not past due                                                                                               -           -         373.2        297.5
               Past due 0-30 days                                                                                         -           -          48.3            40.1
               Past due 31-120 days                                                                                    0.7            -          11.9            18.4
               More than 121 days past due                                                                             2.5          3.3           2.5             4.4
                                                                                                                       3.2          3.3         435.9        360.4

               The Group has recognised a net loss of $2.4 million (2020: $7.6 million) in respect of the trade receivables written off in the financial year.
               The loss has been included in ‘general and administration’ expense in the income statement.

               3.2. Inventories
               $ million                                                                                                                        2021        2020

               At cost
               Raw materials and stores                                                                                                         85.8         95.2
               Work in progress                                                                                                                  7.5          6.0
               Finished goods                                                                                                                  260.6        271.7
               Total inventory carried at cost                                                                                                 353.9        372.9
               At net realisable value
               Raw materials and stores                                                                                                         36.6         33.7
               Finished goods                                                                                                                     8.6            6.3
               Total inventory carried at net realisable value                                                                                  45.2         40.0
               Total inventories                                                                                                               399.1        412.9

               Accounting policies
               Inventories are valued at the lower of cost and net realisable value. Net realisable value is the estimated selling price in the ordinary course of
               business, less the estimated costs of completion and selling expenses.
               Costs incurred in bringing each product to its existing location and condition are accounted for as follows:
               •    Raw materials – purchase cost on a weighted average cost formula;
               •    Manufactured finished goods and work in progress – cost of direct material and labour and an appropriate proportion of production and
                    variable overheads incurred in the normal course of business.

               Cost may also include transfers from equity of any gain or loss on qualifying cash flow hedges of foreign currency purchases of inventory.
               During the period the Group recognised a net write-down of $30.5 million (2020: $9.4 million) with regard to the net realisable value of
               inventories which has been recognised in ‘cost of sales’ expense in the income statement.




               92                                                                                                              ORORA LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                    Notes to the
                    financial statements
                    FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2021




                    3.3. Trade and other payables
                        $ million                                                                                                                                        2021      2020




For personal use only
                        Current
                        Trade creditors                                                                                                                                  364.7     436.3
                        Other creditors and accruals                                                                                                                     286.1     227.2
                        Total current trade and other payables                                                                                                           650.8     663.5


                        Non-current
                        Other creditors                                                                                                                                    1.8         -
                        Total non-current other payables                                                                                                                   1.8         -

                    Accounting policies
                    Trade and other payables are all classified as financial liabilities held at amortised cost. Trade and other payables represent liabilities for goods
                    and services provided to the Group prior to the end of the financial year which were unpaid at the end of the financial year and these amounts
                    are unsecured. The Group, from time to time, enters into trade financing instruments in respect of trade payables.

                    The carrying value of trade and other payables is considered to approximate fair value due to the short-term nature of the payables.

                    Trade and other payables are included in current liabilities, except for those liabilities where payment is not due within 12 months from
                    reporting date, which are classified as non-current liabilities.

                    3.4. Other assets
                        $ million                                                                                                                                        2021      2020

                        Current
                                                       (1)
                        Contract incentive payments                                                                                                                        9.3       9.1
                        Prepayments and other current assets                                                                                                              19.2      27.1
                        Total other current assets                                                                                                                        28.5      36.2


                        Non-current
                        Contract incentive payments (1)                                                                                                                   17.7      22.0
                        Other non-current assets                                                                                                                          60.2      83.0
                        Total other non-current assets                                                                                                                    77.9     105.0

                    (1)      Contract incentives are provided to customers to secure long-term sale agreements and are amortised over the period of the contractual arrangement.




                    ORORA LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2021                                                                                                                                  93
               Notes to the
               financial statements
               FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2021




               Section 3: Assets and liabilities (continued)
               3.5. Property, plant and equipment




For personal use only
                     The following note details the physical assets used by the Group to operate the business to generate revenues and profits.
                     The cost of these assets is the amount initially paid for them with a depreciation charge recognised in the income statement to reflect the
                     wear and tear of the assets as they are used which reduces the value of the asset over time.



                                                                                                              Land                             Plant and     Finance
               $ million                                                                    Land      improvements            Buildings       equipment leased assets                   Total

               Cost
               At 1 July 2019                                                               52.1                  13.2           512.5            3,022.2                4.6         3,604.6
               Additions for the period                                                         -                     -            0.5              161.5                   -          162.0
               Disposals during the period                                                  (0.2)                     -          (15.2)             (39.9)              (0.1)          (55.4)
               Disposal of businesses and controlled entities                              (38.0)                 (5.5)         (281.5)          (1,875.1)                  -       (2,200.1)
               Other transfers                                                                  -                  0.7            31.1              (31.8)                  -               -
               Effect of movements in foreign exchange rates                                    -                 (0.1)               -              (1.7)               0.1            (1.7)
               At 30 June 2020                                                              13.9                   8.3            247.4           1,235.2                4.6         1,509.4
               Additions for the period                                                         -                     -             0.4               50.9                  -            51.3
               Disposals during the period                                                  (0.6)                 (0.1)            (6.5)             (24.0)             (0.6)           (31.8)
               Additions through business acquisitions                                          -                     -               -                1.0                  -             1.0
               Other transfers                                                                  -                     -             1.5              (15.3)                 -           (13.8)
               Effect of movements in foreign exchange rates                                    -                     -            (4.5)             (27.2)             (0.4)           (32.1)
               At 30 June 2021                                                              13.3                   8.2            238.3           1,220.6                3.6         1,484.0

               Accumulated depreciation and impairment
               At 1 July 2019                                                               (0.4)                 (4.4)         (161.6)          (1,670.5)              (2.2)       (1,839.1)
               Depreciation charge                                                             -                  (0.2)           (10.9)            (70.6)              (0.6)          (82.3)
               Disposals during the period                                                     -                      -            15.3              34.5                   -           49.8
               Disposal of businesses and controlled entities                                0.4                   1.9             79.2             973.2                   -        1,054.7
                                    (1)
               Impairment loss                                                                 -                      -                -            (20.6)              (1.5)          (22.1)
               Other transfers                                                                 -                      -            (0.9)              0.9                   -               -
               Effect of movements in foreign exchange rates                                   -                      -            (0.1)              1.4                   -            1.3
               At 30 June 2020                                                                  -                 (2.7)           (79.0)           (751.7)              (4.3)         (837.7)
               Depreciation charge                                                              -                 (0.1)            (8.1)             (59.8)             (0.1)           (68.1)
               Disposals during the period                                                      -                     -             3.6               23.8               0.6             28.0
               Effect of movements in foreign exchange rates                                    -                     -             2.8               18.2               0.3             21.3
               At 30 June 2021                                                                  -                 (2.8)           (80.7)           (769.5)              (3.5)         (856.5)


               Net book value
               At 30 June 2020                                                              13.9                   5.6            168.4             483.5                0.3           671.7
               At 30 June 2021                                                              13.3                   5.4            157.6             451.1                0.1           627.5

               (1)      The impairment loss recognised in the comparative period includes $9.5 million included in significant items relating to restructuring in North America, $9.4 million
                        recoverable amount impairments, and $3.1 million write-off of Group assets relating to the Fibre business refer note 1.2.


               At 30 June 2021, no property, plant and equipment was provided as security for any interest-bearing borrowings (2020: nil).




               94                                                                                                                                     ORORA LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                    Notes to the
                    financial statements
                    FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2021




                    Accounting policies
                    Property, plant and equipment is stated at cost less accumulated depreciation and impairment losses. Cost includes expenditure that is directly




For personal use only
                    attributable to the acquisition of the item including borrowing costs that are related to the acquisition, construction or production of an asset.
                    Cost may also include transfers from equity of any gain or loss on qualifying cash flow hedges of foreign currency purchases of property, plant
                    and equipment.

                    Subsequent costs are included in the asset’s carrying amount, or recognised as a separate asset, only when it is probable that future economic
                    benefits associated with the item will flow to the Group.

                    All other repairs and maintenance are charged to the income statement during the financial year in which they are incurred.

                    Depreciation
                    Property, plant and equipment, excluding freehold land, is depreciated at rates based upon the expected useful lives, or in the case of
                    leasehold improvements and certain leased plant and equipment the lease term, using the straight-line method. Land is not depreciated.
                    Depreciation rates used for each class of asset for the current and comparative periods are as follows:
                    •    Buildings 1% - 5%
                    •    Land improvements 1% - 3%
                    •    Plant and equipment 2.5% - 25%

                    Depreciation is calculated by estimating the number of years the Group expects an asset to be used over. At each reporting date depreciation
                    methods, residual values and useful lives are reassessed and adjusted if necessary. In addition, assets subject to depreciation are reviewed for
                    impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that an asset carrying amount may not be recoverable. If an asset’s value
                    falls below its depreciated value an additional one-off impairment charge is made against profit. Refer note 3.8 for further details.

                    3.6. Leases
                        The following note details leased right-of-use assets utilised used by the Group as a lessee to operate the business to generate revenues
                        and profits. This includes the lease of warehouse, office and factory facilities, vehicles and other items of plant and equipment.
                        The cost of these assets represents the net present value of the future lease payments with an amortisation charge recognised in the
                        income statement to reflect the utilisation of the right-of-use asset over the term of the lease arrangement.
                        Other than minor sub-lease arrangements, the Group is not a lessor of assets.


                    Leases for premises typically run for a period of 10 to 15 years with an option to renew the lease after that date. Lease payments for premises
                    are adjusted annually either through a fixed rental increase, typically 3.0% per annum, or are linked to changes in the consumer price index or
                    as a result of a market rent review process.
                    The leases for items of plant and equipment, which includes vehicles, typically run for periods of three to five years. In the majority of instances
                    when these lease contracts expire they are replaced by new leases for similar underlying assets.




                    ORORA LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2021                                                                                                                95
               Notes to the
               financial statements
               FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2021




               Section 3: Assets and liabilities (continued)
               3.6. Leases (continued)




For personal use only
               Right-of-use assets
                                                                                                                         Plant and
               $ million                                                                                    Property    Equipment          Total

               Cost
               At 1 July 2019                                                                                     -             -             -
               Impact of change in accounting policy (note 7.8.2)                                             470.0          34.7         504.7
               Restated balance at 1 July 2019                                                                470.0          34.7         504.7
               Additions                                                                                        2.7            5.0          7.7
               Derecognition of right-of-use assets                                                            (0.1)          (0.6)        (0.7)
               Disposal of businesses and controlled entities                                                (222.4)         (12.5)      (234.9)
               Effect of movements in foreign exchange rates                                                   (1.5)           1.1         (0.4)
               At 30 June 2020                                                                                248.7          27.7         276.4

               Additions                                                                                        31.3         10.8           42.1
               Derecognition of right-of-use assets                                                             (5.2)        (1.4)          (6.6)
               Effect of movements in foreign exchange rates                                                   (17.6)        (2.2)         (19.8)
               At 30 June 2021                                                                                257.2          34.9         292.1


               Accumulated amortisation and impairment
               At 1 July 2019                                                                                       -             -             -
               Impact of change in accounting policy (note 7.8.2)                                              (16.6)             -        (16.6)
               Restated balance at 1 July 2019                                                                 (16.6)             -        (16.6)
               Depreciation charge for the period                                                              (46.2)         (8.8)        (55.0)
               Derecognition of right-of-use assets                                                              0.1           0.5           0.6
               Reversal of impairment loss                                                                       2.1              -          2.1
               Disposal of businesses and controlled entities                                                    7.4           1.1           8.5
               Effect of movements in foreign exchange rates                                                     1.1           0.2           1.3
               At 30 June 2020                                                                                 (52.1)         (7.0)        (59.1)
               Depreciation charge for the period                                                              (36.8)         (7.4)        (44.2)
               Derecognition of right-of-use assets                                                              5.2           1.4           6.6
               Impairment loss                                                                                  (3.6)            -          (3.6)
               Reversal of impairment loss                                                                       4.4             -           4.4
               Effect of movements in foreign exchange rates                                                     3.8           0.5           4.3
               At 30 June 2021                                                                                 (79.1)        (12.5)        (91.6)

               Net book value
               At 1 July 2020                                                                                 196.6          20.7         217.3
               At 30 June 2021                                                                                178.1          22.4         200.5


               Amounts recognised in the income statement
               The following amounts, for continuing operations, were recognised in the income statement:

               $ million                                                                                                     2021          2020

               Amortisation of right-of-use assets                                                                           44.2          46.4
               Expenses relating to short-term leases                                                                        12.4          15.8
               Expenses relating to low-value assets                                                                          1.2           1.2
               Income from sub-leasing right-of-use assets                                                                   (0.6)         (1.3)
               Interest on lease liabilities                                                                                 10.5          13.4




               96                                                                                                ORORA LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                    Notes to the
                    financial statements
                    FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2021




                    Lease liabilities
                        $ million                                                                                                                  2021            2020




For personal use only
                        Current lease liabilities                                                                                                  48.0           50.8
                        Non-current lease liabilities                                                                                             204.8          228.6
                                                                                                                                                  252.8          279.4


                    The following table sets out the undiscounted maturity analysis of future lease payments.

                        $ million                                                                                                                  2021            2020

                        Within one year                                                                                                            56.9           62.4
                        Between one and five years                                                                                                190.1          180.5
                        More than five years                                                                                                       49.4           92.3
                                                                                                                                                  296.3          335.2
                        Less sub-lease rental income                                                                                               (8.2)             -
                                                                                                                                                  288.2          335.2

                    Accounting policies
                    Assets and liabilities arising from a lease are initially measured on a present value basis.

                    Lease liability
                    Lease liabilities include the net present value of the following lease payments:
                    •       fixed payments (including in-substance fixed payments), less any lease incentive receivable
                    •       variable lease payments that are based on an index or a rate, initially measured using the index or rate as at the commencement date
                    •       amounts expected to be payable by the group under residual value guarantees
                    •       the exercise price of a purchase option if the group is reasonably certain to exercise that option; and
                    •       payments of penalties for terminating the lease, if the lease term reflects the group exercising that option.

                    Payments associated with short-term leases of equipment and vehicles and all low-value assets are recognised on a straight-line basis as an
                    expense in the income statement. Short-term leases are leases with a lease term of 12 months or less.

                    Lease payments to be made under reasonably certain extension options are also included in the measurement of the liability.

                    The lease payments are discounted using the interest rate implicit in the lease. If that rate cannot be readily determined, which is generally the
                    case for leases in the Group, the Group’s incremental borrowing rate is used, being the rate that the Group would have to pay to borrow the
                    funds necessary to obtain an asset of similar value to the right-of-use asset in a similar economic environment with similar terms, security and
                    conditions.

                    The Group is exposed to potential future increases in variable lease payments based on an index or rate, which are not included in the lease
                    liability until they take effect. When adjustments to lease payments based on an index or rate take effect, the lease liability is reassessed and
                    adjusted against the right-of-use asset.

                    Lease payments are allocated between principal and finance cost. The finance cost is charged to the income statement over the lease period so
                    as to produce a constant periodic rate of interest on the remaining balance of the liability for each period.

                    Right-of-use Asset
                    Right-of-use assets are measured at cost comprising the following:
                    •       the amount of the initial measurement of lease liability
                    •       any lease payments made at or before the commencement date less any lease incentives received
                    •       any initial direct costs; and
                    •       restoration costs

                    Right-of-use assets are generally depreciated over the shorter of the asset’s useful life and the lease term on a straight-line basis. If the Group
                    is reasonably certain to exercise a purchase option, the right-of-use asset is deprecated over the underlying asset’s useful life.




                    ORORA LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2021                                                                                                                 97
               Notes to the
               financial statements
               FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2021




               Section 3: Assets and liabilities (continued)
               3.6. Leases (continued)




For personal use only
               Lease term
               Extension and termination options are included in a number of property leases across the Group. These are used to maximise operational
               flexibility in terms of managing the assets used in the Group’s operations. The majority of extension and termination options held are
               exercisable only by the Group and not the respective lessor.

               Deferred tax
               A lease transaction is considered a single transaction in which the recognition of the right-of-use asset and the lease liability are integrally
               linked. As a result, differences that arise between the settlement of the lease liability and the amortisation of the leased asset result in a net
               temporary difference on which deferred tax is recognised in accordance with the Group’s deferred tax accounting policy.


                        JUDGEMENTS AND ESTIMATES
                        In determining the lease term, management considers all facts and circumstances that create an economic incentive to exercise an
                        extension option, or not exercise a termination option. Extension options (or periods after termination options) are only included in the
                        lease term if the lease is reasonably certain to be extended (or not terminated).
                        For leases of properties and equipment, the following factors are normally the most relevant:
                        •   if there are significant penalties to terminate (or not extend), the Group is typically reasonably certain to extend (or not terminate)
                        •   if any leasehold improvements are expected to have a significant remaining value, the Group is typically reasonably certain to extend
                            (or not terminate)
                        •   otherwise, the Group considers other factors including historical lease durations and the costs and business disruption required to
                            replace the leased asset.

                        The lease term is reassessed if an option is actually exercised (or not exercised) or the Group becomes obliged to exercise (or not
                        exercise) it. The assessment of reasonable certainty is only revised if a significant event or a significant change in circumstances occurs,
                        which affects this assessment, and that is within the control of the Group.




               98                                                                                                                  ORORA LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                    Notes to the
                    financial statements
                    FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2021




                    3.7. Intangible assets
                          The following note details the non-physical assets used by the Group to generate revenue and profits.




For personal use only
                          These assets include computer software and licences, customer relationships and goodwill. The cost of these assets is the amount that the
                          Group has paid or, where there has been a business combination, the fair value of the specific intangible assets identified. In the case of
                          goodwill, its cost is the amount the Group has paid for acquiring a business over and above the fair value of the individual assets and
                          liabilities acquired. The value of goodwill is ‘intangible’ value that comes from, for example, synergies available with the integration of the
                          acquired business into the Group, a skilled and knowledgeable assembled workforce, proprietary technologies and processes and
                          uniquely strong market positions.


                                                                                                                          Other intangible assets
                                                                                                                            Computer
                        $ million                                                                                            software              Other          Goodwill               Total

                        Cost
                        At 1 July 2019                                                                                           211.8               29.4             541.1             782.3
                        Impact of change in accounting policy (note 7.8.1)                                                        (0.8)                  -                 -             (0.8)
                        Restated balance at 1 July 2019                                                                          211.0               29.4             541.1             781.5
                        Additions for the period                                                                                   4.6                   -                 -              4.6
                        Disposals during the period                                                                               (1.1)                  -                 -             (1.1)
                        Disposal of business and controlled entities                                                             (69.6)              (1.0)            (80.3)           (150.9)
                        Effect of movements in foreign exchange rates                                                              0.8                0.6               7.4               8.8
                        At 30 June 2020                                                                                          145.7               29.0             468.2             642.9

                        Additions for the period                                                                                   6.0                   -                 -               6.0
                        Disposals during the period                                                                              (30.2)              (0.3)                 -             (30.5)
                        Other transfers                                                                                           13.8                   -                 -              13.8
                        Effect of movements in foreign exchange rates                                                             (7.1)              (2.1)            (33.2)             (42.4)
                        At 30 June 2021                                                                                          128.2               26.6             435.0             589.8


                        Accumulated amortisation and impairment
                        At 1 July 2019                                                                                          (146.3)             (13.1)              (8.2)          (167.6)
                        Impact of change in accounting policy (note 7.8.1)                                                            -                  -                  -                -
                        Restated balance at 1 July 2019                                                                         (146.3)             (13.1)             (8.2)           (167.6)
                        Amortisation charge                                                                                       (9.3)              (2.6)                 -            (11.9)
                        Disposals during the period                                                                                1.1                   -                 -              1.1
                        Disposal of business and controlled entities                                                              63.9                0.4               7.9              72.2
                        Impairment loss (1)                                                                                       (9.7)              (7.3)            (89.4)           (106.4)
                        Effect of movements in foreign exchange rates                                                              1.0                0.2               2.5               3.7
                        At 30 June 2020                                                                                          (99.3)             (22.4)            (87.2)           (208.9)
                        Amortisation charge                                                                                       (7.3)              (0.6)                  -             (7.9)
                        Disposals during the period                                                                               28.7                0.1                   -             28.8
                        Impairment loss                                                                                           (3.0)                  -                  -             (3.0)
                        Effect of movements in foreign exchange rates                                                              3.6                1.9                6.9              12.4
                        At 30 June 2021                                                                                          (77.3)             (21.0)            (80.3)           (178.6)


                        Net book value
                        At 30 June 2020                                                                                           46.4                6.6             381.0             434.0
                        At 30 June 2021                                                                                           50.9                5.6             354.7             411.2


                    (1)      The impairment loss recognised in the comparative period includes $96.7 million recoverable amount impairments, and $9.7 million write-off of Group assets relating
                             to the Fibre business refer note 1.2.




                    ORORA LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2021                                                                                                                                         99
               Notes to the
               financial statements
               FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2021




               Section 3: Assets and liabilities (continued)
               3.7 Intangible assets (continued)




For personal use only
               Accounting policies
               Other intangible assets
               Other intangible assets include computer software, customer relationships and software licences. The cost of these assets is the amount that
               the Group has paid or, where there has been a business combination, their fair value at the date of acquisition.

               Internal spend on computer software is only capitalised within the development phase, when the asset is separate and it is probable that
               future economic benefits attributable to the asset will flow to the Group. Costs incurred in the customisation and configuration in the
               implementation of a Software-as-a-Service arrangements are only capitalised when a unique customised software product controlled by the
               Group is identified.

               Following initial recognition, other intangible assets are carried at cost less amortisation and any impairment losses.

               Other intangible assets are amortised on a straight-line basis over their useful life, and tested for impairment whenever there is an indication
               that they may be impaired. Refer note 3.8 for further details on impairment.

               Computer software and licences are amortised over a period of between three to 10 years whilst customer relationships are amortised over a
               period of up to 20 years. The amortisation period and method is reviewed each financial year.

               Goodwill
               The goodwill recognised by the Group has arisen as a result of business combinations and represents the future economic benefits that arise
               from assets that are not capable of being individually identified and separately recognised.

               Goodwill is initially measured as the amount the Group has paid in acquiring a business over and above the fair value of the individual assets
               and liabilities acquired.

               Goodwill is not amortised but is instead tested annually for impairment, or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate that
               it might be impaired, and is carried at cost less any accumulated impairment losses.

               Where there has been a change in the Group’s circumstances such as, technological changes or a decline in business performance, a review of
               the value of the intangible assets, including goodwill, is undertaken to ensure the assets’ value has not fallen below its amortised value. Should
               an assets’ value fall below its amortised value an additional impairment charge is made against profit and the carrying value of the asset. Refer
               note 3.8.

               3.8. Impairment of non-financial assets
               Testing for impairment
               The Group tests property, plant and equipment, intangibles and goodwill for impairment:
               •    where there is an indication that an asset may be impaired (which is assessed each reporting date);
               •    where there is an indication that previously recognised impairments (on assets other than goodwill) have changed; and
               •    at least annually for goodwill.

               In testing for impairment, the recoverable amount is estimated for an individual asset or, if it is not possible to estimate the recoverable
               amount for the individual asset, the recoverable amount of the cash generating unit (CGU) to which the asset belongs. CGUs are the smallest
               identifiable group of assets that generate cash inflows that are largely independent from the cash flows of other assets or group of assets. Each
               CGU is no larger than an operating segment.

               Assets are impaired if their carrying value exceeds their recoverable amount. The recoverable amount of an asset or CGU is determined as the
               higher of its fair value less costs of disposal or value in use.

               An impairment loss is recognised in the income statement if the carrying amount of an asset or a CGU exceeds its recoverable amount.
               Impairment losses recognised in respect of CGUs are allocated first to reduce the carrying amount of any goodwill allocated to the CGU (group
               of CGUs) and then, to reduce the carrying amount of the other assets in the CGU (group of CGUs).

               Impairment calculations
               In assessing value in use, the estimated future cash flows are discounted to their present value using a pre-tax discount rate that reflects the
               risks specific to the asset or CGU and the market’s current assessment of the time value of money.

               Value in use is assessed using cash flow projections for five years using data from the Group’s latest internal forecasts and is management’s
               best estimate of income, expenses, capital expenditure and cash flows for each CGU. Changes in selling prices and direct costs are based on
               past experience and management’s expectation of future changes in the markets in which the Group operates.




               100                                                                                                            ORORA LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                    Notes to the
                    financial statements
                    FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2021




                    Cash flows beyond the five-year period are extrapolated using estimated growth rates which are determined with regard to the long-term
                    performance of each CGU in their respective markets and are not expected to exceed the long-term average growth rates for the industry in




For personal use only
                    which each CGU operates.

                    The discount rate used in performing the value in use calculations reflects the Group’s weighted average cost of capital, as adjusted for specific
                    risks relating to each geographical region in which the CGUs operate.

                    Reversal of impairment
                    Where there is an indication that previously recognised impairment losses may no longer exist or may have decreased, the asset is tested for
                    impairment. The impairment loss is reversed if there has been a change in the estimates used to determine the recoverable amount of the
                    asset and is reversed only to the extent that the carrying amount of the asset does not exceed the carrying amount that would have been
                    determined, net of depreciation or amortisation, had no impairment loss been recognised. Impairments recognised for goodwill are not
                    reversed.

                    Goodwill impairment tests
                    For the purpose of impairment testing, goodwill is allocated to CGUs or groups of CGUs according to the level at which management monitors
                    goodwill. Goodwill is tested annually or more regularly if there are indicators of impairment.

                    The recoverable amounts of the CGUs were based on the present value of the future cash flows expected to be derived from the CGU (value in
                    use calculation). Value in use is calculated from cash flow projections for five years using data from the Group’s latest internal forecasts. The
                    key assumptions for the value in use calculations are those regarding the expected changes in earnings during the initial five-year period,
                    discount rates and growth rates applied to the extrapolated periods of the value in use calculation.

                    The following table presents a summary of the goodwill allocation and the key assumptions used in determining the recoverable amount of
                    each CGU:
                                                                                                                            Orora Packaging
                                                                                                               Australasia         Solutions       Orora Visual

                        2021
                        Goodwill allocation ($ million)                                                                     32.7              260.4                61.6
                        Pre-tax discount rate (%)                                                                            8.8                9.2                 9.1
                        Terminal growth rate (%)                                                                             2.0                2.0                 2.0

                        2020
                        Goodwill allocation ($ million)                                                                     32.7              281.4                66.9
                        Pre-tax discount rate (%)                                                                            9.1                9.0                 9.0
                        Terminal growth rate (%)                                                                             1.5                1.5                 1.5


                    Whilst the outlook for the Group remains subject to the future potential impacts of the ongoing COVID pandemic, based on current economic
                    conditions and performance of the CGUs, no reasonable possible change in any of the key assumptions would be expected to result in a
                    material impairment to the Group using the value-in-use methodology.


                             JUDGEMENTS AND ESTIMATES
                             The determination of impairment involves the use of judgements and estimates that include, but are not limited to, the cause, timing and
                             measurement of the impairment. Management is required to make significant judgements concerning the identification of impairment
                             indicators, such as changes in competitive positions, expectations of growth, increased cost of capital, and other factors that may indicate
                             impairment, such as a business restructuring.
                             Management is also required to make significant estimates regarding future cash flows and the determination of fair values when
                             assessing the recoverable amount of assets (or groups of assets). Inputs into these valuations require assumptions and estimates to be
                             made about forecast earnings and related future cash flows, growth rates, applicable discount rates, useful lives and residual values.
                             The judgements, estimates and assumptions used in assessing impairment are management’s best estimates based on current and
                             forecast market conditions. Changes in economic and operating conditions impacting these assumptions could result in changes in the
                             recognition of impairment charges in future periods.




                    ORORA LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2021                                                                                                                101
               Notes to the
               financial statements
               FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2021




               Section 3: Assets and liabilities (continued)
               3.9. Provisions




For personal use only
                                                                                                                              Workers'
                                                                                                                        compensation,          Asset restoration,
                                                                                                     Employee            insurance and         restructuring and
               $ million                                                                          entitlements             other claims        decommissioning                         Total

               2021
               Opening balance                                                                              26.9                     6.9                      83.0                    116.8
               Provisions made during the period(1)                                                         15.1                    10.0                      48.6                     73.7
               Payments made during the period                                                             (12.7)                   (0.2)                    (51.6)                   (64.5)
               Released during the period                                                                   (3.1)                       -                     (0.4)                    (3.5)
               Additions through business acquisitions                                                       0.1                        -                         -                     0.1
               Effect of movement in foreign exchange rate                                                  (0.5)                   (0.2)                     (1.2)                    (1.9)
               Closing balance                                                                              25.8                    16.5                      78.4                    120.7

               Current                                                                                      23.7                    14.2                      50.4                     88.3
               Non-current                                                                                   2.1                      2.3                     28.0                     32.4


               2020
               Opening balance                                                                              90.5                      6.2                    106.3                    203.0
               Provisions made during the period(1)                                                         34.9                      3.3                     28.0                     66.2
               Payments made during the period                                                             (35.6)                    (2.1)                   (38.3)                   (76.0)
               Released during the period                                                                   (1.2)                    (0.5)                   (12.2)                   (13.9)
               Disposal of businesses and controlled entities                                              (61.8)                        -                    (1.2)                   (63.0)
               Unwinding of discount                                                                            -                        -                     0.2                      0.2
               Effect of movement in foreign exchange rate                                                   0.1                         -                     0.2                      0.3
               Closing balance                                                                              26.9                      6.9                     83.0                    116.8

               Current                                                                                      24.9                      6.9                     64.0                     95.8
               Non-current                                                                                   2.0                        -                     19.0                     21.0

               (1)      In respect of the asset restoration, restructuring and decommissioning provision during the period, following ongoing project review and reassessment of remediation
                        requirements, additional costs associated with the decommissioning of the former Petrie mill site of $38.6 million were recognised in respect of estimated costs to
                        complete. In addition, further costs and obligations associated with the sale of the Australasia Fibre business totalling $9.8 million were also recognised. (2020: a
                        significant item expense of $7.6 million was recognised in respect of restructuring charges in North America, of which the majority ($7.2 million) was
                        a result of the decision to close the Orora Visual Los Angeles site. Also included within the significant item profit on sale of the Australasian Fibre business were
                        provisions of $19.9 million regarding remaining transaction charges, transition costs and indemnities).



               Accounting policies
               A provision is recognised when: the Group has a present legal or constructive obligation arising from past events; it is probable that cash will be
               paid to settle it; and a reliable estimate can be made of the amount of the obligation.

               Provisions are determined by discounting the expected future cash flows at a pre-tax rate that reflects the current market assessments of the
               time value of money and the risks specific to the liability. The unwinding of the discount is recognised as a finance cost in the income
               statement.




               102                                                                                                                                  ORORA LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                    Notes to the
                    financial statements
                    FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2021




                    Employee entitlements
                    The provision for employee entitlements represents the obligation for annual leave, long service leave entitlements and incentives accrued by




For personal use only
                    employees.

                    Liabilities for employee benefits such as wages, salaries and other current employee entitlements represent present obligations arising from
                    employees’ services provided to the reporting date and are calculated at undiscounted amounts based on remuneration wage and salary rates,
                    including related on-costs, such as workers compensation insurance and payroll tax, and are presented in other payables.

                    The liability for annual leave and long service leave is measured as the present value of estimated future cash outflows to be made in respect of
                    services provided by the employee up to the reporting date. Consideration is given to expected future wage and salary levels, experience of
                    employee departures and period of service. Expected future payments that are not expected to be settled within 12 months are discounted
                    using market yields at the reporting date of high-quality corporate bonds. The rates used reflect the terms to maturity and currency that
                    match, as closely as possible, the estimated future cash outflows.

                    Workers’ compensation, insurance and other claims
                    The Group self-insures for various risks, including risks associated with workers’ compensation. Provisions are recognised for claims received
                    and expected to be received in relation to incidents occurring prior to reporting date and are measured based upon historical claim rates.

                    Estimated net future cash flows are based on the assumption that all claims will be settled and the weighted average cost of historical claims
                    adjusted for inflation will continue to approximate future costs.

                    Asset restoration, restructuring and decommissioning
                    Asset restoration and decommissioning
                    Where the Group has a legal or constructive obligation to restore a site on which an asset is located, either through make-good provisions
                    included in lease agreements or decommissioning of environmental risks, the present value of the estimated costs of dismantling and removing
                    the asset and restoring the site is recognised as a provision with a corresponding increase in the related item of property, plant and equipment.

                    At each reporting date, the liability is remeasured in line with changes in discount rates, estimated cash flows and the timing of those cash
                    flows. Any changes in the liability are added to or deducted from the related asset, other than the unwinding of the discount, which is
                    recognised as a financing cost in the income statement. If there is no related asset in respect of the restoration or decommissioning activity
                    changes in the liability are recognised in the income statement.

                    The asset restoration provision includes amounts that have been recognised in respect of certain environmental contamination indemnities
                    provided under the Australian Fibre sale and purchase agreement. The indemnity relates to certain pre-existing contamination that may exist
                    at the Australasian Fibre sites as at 30 April 2020, where after this date the contamination is either a) required to be remediated by a
                    regulatory agency or b) the site is subject to regulatory enforcement action that is directly related to pre-existing contamination.

                    Restructuring
                    A provision for restructuring is recognised when the Group has a detailed formal restructuring plan and the restructuring has either
                    commenced or has been publicly announced, including discussions with affected personnel. Future operating costs in relation to the
                    restructuring are not provided for. Payments falling due greater than 12 months after reporting date are discounted to present value.




                    ORORA LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2021                                                                                                             103
               Notes to the
               financial statements
               FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2021




               Section 3: Assets and liabilities (continued)
               3.9 Provisions (continued)




For personal use only
                        JUDGEMENTS AND ESTIMATES
                        A provision is recognised by the Group where an obligation exists relating to a past event, it is probable that a cash payment will be
                        required to settle it, and the Group is not certain how much cash will be required to settle the liability. The value of that provision is
                        based upon estimates and assumptions with regards to the amount and timing of cash flows required to settle the obligation, which are
                        dependent on future events. The key assumptions applicable to the determination of the provisions are as follows:
                        Employee entitlements
                        4B




                        The provision for employee entitlements is based on a number of management estimates, which include:
                        • future increase in salaries, wages and on-cost rates
                        • future probability of employee departures
                        • future probability of years of service (long service leave provision)

                        Workers’ compensation
                        5B




                        The self-insured workers’ compensation provision is based on a number of management estimates including, but not limited to:
                        • future inflation
                        • claim administration expenses
                        • historical weighted average size of claims
                        • claim development

                        Asset restoration and decommissioning
                        6B




                        Asset restoration and decommissioning provisions require assessments to be made of lease make-good conditions and decommissioning
                        and environmental risks. The provisions require estimates to be made of costs to dismantle and remove equipment and to restore the
                        site to the condition required under the terms of the lease or contract and as required by environmental laws and regulations.
                        The recognition and measurement of asset restoration and decommissioning provisions is a complex area and requires significant
                        judgement and estimates. The measurement of the provision can vary as a result of many factors, including, but not limited to:
                        • changes in the relevant legal or local/national government requirements and any other commitments made to stakeholders;
                        • review of remediation and restoration options
                        • identification of additional remediation requirements identified during the restorative process
                        • the emergence of new restoration techniques
                        In determining an appropriate provision management gives consideration to the results of the most recently completed surveying data in
                        respect of the remediation process, current cost estimates and appropriate inclusion of contingency in cost estimates to allow for both
                        known and unknown residual risks.
                        Estimates can be impacted by the emergence of new restoration techniques and experience at other operations. This is compounded by
                        the fact that there has been limited restoration activity and historical precedent within the Group against which to benchmark estimates
                        of the costs to remediate.
                        The decommissioning of the Petrie site is a significant and complex exercise involving multiple government agencies. The Group
                        continues to use a specialist environmental consulting firm to manage the completion of the remaining remediation works. At the date of
                        this Report, decommissioning work continues on site with the estimated costs to complete the decommissioning contingent on final
                        remediation requirements which require significant judgement in respect of determining a reliable estimate.
                        Management have measured the Petrie decommissioning provision as at 30 June 2021 using all currently available information and
                        considering applicable legislative and environmental regulations. However, given the complexity and multiple stakeholders involved in
                        the decommissioning of the Petrie site, there remains a risk of further currently unidentified costs in the future.
                        All the uncertainties discussed above may result in future actual expenditure differing from the amounts currently provided for in the
                        balance sheet.

                        Restructuring
                        7B




                        Restructuring provisions require assessments to be made regarding the timing of recognition, specifically are plans sufficiently detailed,
                        approved and communicated to support recognition at a point in time. The provisions also require estimates to be made of the cost of
                        restructuring and the timing of these cash outflows.
                        The judgements, estimates and assumptions used in the recognition of all provisions are evaluated on an ongoing basis and are based on
                        historical experience and other factors, including expectation of future events that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstance
                        and are management’s best estimates based on currently available information, legislation and environmental laws and regulations. The
                        actual result may differ from these accounting estimates. Revisions to accounting estimates are recognised in the period in which the
                        estimate is revised and in any future periods affected.




               104                                                                                                               ORORA LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                    Notes to the
                    financial statements
                    FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2021




                    Section 4: Income tax
                          IN THIS SECTION




For personal use only
                          This section sets out the Group’s tax accounting policies, the current and deferred tax charges or credits in the year (which together
                          make up the total tax charge or credit in the income statement), a reconciliation of profit before tax to the tax charge for the period
                          and the movements in the deferred tax assets and liabilities.


                    4.1. Income tax expense
                    The total taxation charge in the income statement for continuing operations is analysed as follows:

                        $ million                                                                                                                                              2021           2020

                        Current tax expense
                        Current period                                                                                                                                         (50.8)         (32.5)
                        Adjustments relating to prior periods                                                                                                                    3.0            1.7
                        Total current tax expense                                                                                                                              (47.8)         (30.8)

                        Deferred tax expense
                        Origination and reversal of temporary differences                                                                                                       (0.2)          21.8
                        Total income tax expense                                                                                                                               (48.0)          (9.0)

                        Deferred income tax expense included in income tax expense comprises:
                         Increase in deferred tax assets                                                                                                                        10.2           32.1
                         Increase in deferred tax liabilities                                                                                                                  (10.4)         (10.3)
                        Deferred income tax (benefit)/expense included in total income tax expense                                                                              (0.2)          21.8




                    The following table provides a numerical reconciliation of income tax expense for continuing operations to prima facie tax payable:

                        $ million                                                                                                                                              2021           2020

                        Profit before related income tax (expense)/benefit                                                                                                    177.7            35.6
                        Tax at the Australian tax rate of 30% (2020: 30%)                                                                                                      (53.3)         (10.7)
                        Net tax effect of amounts which are non-deductible/non-assessable for tax                                                                               (0.8)           2.0
                                                                                                                                                                               (54.1)          (8.7)
                        Over provision in prior period                                                                                                                           3.0            1.7
                        Foreign tax rate differential                                                                                                                            3.1           (2.0)
                        Total income tax expense(1)                                                                                                                            (48.0)          (9.0)

                    (1)      Total income tax expense in the current period includes an income tax benefit of $11.6 million (2020: $37.1 million) in respect of significant items recognised during
                             the period, refer note 1.2.




                    ORORA LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2021                                                                                                                                             105
               Notes to the
               financial statements
               FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2021




               Section 4: Income tax (continued)
               4.2. Deferred tax balances




For personal use only
               Deferred income tax in the balance sheet relates to the following:

               $ million                                                                                                                         2021         2020

               Deferred tax assets
               Net right-of-use lease accounting                                                                                                  15.6         16.9
               Trade receivable loss allowance provision                                                                                           0.5          0.4
               Valuation of inventories                                                                                                           16.7         14.7
               Employee benefits                                                                                                                  32.6         27.3
               Provisions                                                                                                                         25.2         22.9
               Financial instruments at fair value                                                                                                    -         2.7
                                                                                                                                                  90.6         84.9
               Tax set-off                                                                                                                       (64.4)       (71.0)
               Deferred tax asset                                                                                                                 26.2        13.9


               Deferred tax liabilities
               Property, plant and equipment                                                                                                      60.1         57.4
               Intangible assets                                                                                                                   8.5          4.6
               Financial instruments at fair value                                                                                                 0.4            -
               Other items                                                                                                                         2.2          9.0
                                                                                                                                                  71.2         71.0
               Tax set-off                                                                                                                       (64.4)       (71.0)
               Deferred tax liability                                                                                                              6.8              -



               Deferred income tax in the income statement from continuing operations relates to the following:

               $ million                                                                                                                        2021         2020

               Property, plant and equipment                                                                                                      5.4         (3.9)
               Net right-of-use lease accounting                                                                                                  0.7          1.7
               Trade receivable loss allowance provision                                                                                         (0.1)         0.1
               Intangible assets                                                                                                                  4.2        (19.7)
               Valuation of inventories                                                                                                          (2.4)        (4.2)
               Employee benefits                                                                                                                 (6.4)        (1.4)
               Provisions                                                                                                                        (0.4)         8.5
               Financial instruments at fair value                                                                                                0.7          0.1
               Accruals and other items                                                                                                          (1.5)        (3.0)
               Deferred tax benefit/(expense)                                                                                                     0.2        (21.8)

               Accounting policies
               Income tax expense comprises current and deferred tax. Income tax expense is recognised in profit or loss except to the extent that it relates
               to items recognised directly in equity or in other comprehensive income, in which case it is recognised directly in equity or in other
               comprehensive income respectively.

               Current tax
               Current tax is the expected tax payable on taxable income for the period, using tax rates enacted or substantively enacted at the reporting
               date, and any adjustment to tax payable in respect of previous periods. Current tax is also adjusted by changes in deferred tax assets and
               liabilities attributable to temporary differences between the tax bases of assets and liabilities and their carrying amounts in the financial
               statements, and by the availability of unused tax losses.

               Current tax assets and liabilities are offset where the Group has a legally enforceable right to offset and intends either to settle on a net basis,
               or to realise the asset and settle the liability simultaneously.




               106                                                                                                              ORORA LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                    Notes to the
                    financial statements
                    FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2021




                    Deferred tax
                    Deferred tax is recognised using the balance sheet method in which temporary differences are calculated based on the carrying amounts




For personal use only
                    of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the amounts used for taxation purposes. Deferred tax is not recognised for:
                    •   taxable temporary differences arising on the initial recognition of goodwill;
                    •   taxable differences on the initial recognition of assets or liabilities in a transaction that is not a business combination and that affects
                        neither accounting nor taxable profit; and
                    •   temporary differences relating to investments in subsidiaries to the extent that the Group is able to control the timing of the reversal
                        of the temporary difference and it is probable that they will not reverse in the foreseeable future.

                    Deferred tax is measured at the tax rates that are expected to be applied when the temporary difference reverses, that is, when the asset is
                    realised or the liability is settled, based on the laws that have been enacted or substantively enacted at the reporting date.

                    Deferred tax assets are recognised for deductible temporary differences and unused tax losses only to the extent that it is probable that future
                    taxable profits will be available against which the assets can be utilised. Deferred tax assets are reviewed at each reporting date and are
                    reduced to the extent that it is no longer probable that the related tax benefit will be realised.

                    Offsetting deferred tax balances
                    Deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset when there is a legally enforceable right to offset and when the deferred tax balances relate to
                    taxes levied by the same tax authority on the same taxable entity, or on different tax entities, but the Group intends to settle current tax
                    liabilities and assets on a net basis or their tax assets and liabilities will be realised simultaneously.

                    Unrecognised deferred tax assets and liabilities
                    Deferred tax liabilities have not been recognised in respect of temporary differences arising as a result of the translation of the financial
                    statements of the Group investments in subsidiaries. The deferred tax liability will only arise in the event of disposal of the subsidiary, and
                    no such disposal is expected in the foreseeable future.

                    Unremitted earnings of the Group’s international operations are considered to be reinvested indefinitely and relate to the ongoing operations.
                    Upon distribution of any earnings in the form of dividends or otherwise, the Group may be subject to withholding taxes payable to various
                    foreign countries, however, such amounts are not considered to be significant. As the Group controls when the deferred tax liability will be
                    incurred and is satisfied that it will not be incurred in the foreseeable future, the deferred tax liability has not been recognised. There are no
                    unrecognised deferred tax assets.


                         JUDGEMENTS AND ESTIMATES
                         The Group is subject to income taxes in Australia and foreign jurisdictions and as a result the calculation of the Group’s tax charge
                         involves a degree of estimation and judgement in respect of certain items, including assumptions made in respect of the application
                         of tax legislation. There are many transactions and calculations relating to the ordinary course of business for which the ultimate tax
                         determination is uncertain. The Group recognises liabilities for uncertain tax positions based on management’s best estimate of whether
                         additional taxes will be due. Where the final outcome of these matters is different from the amounts that were initially recorded, these
                         differences impact the current and deferred tax provisions in the period in which such determinations are made.
                         Deferred tax assets are recognised for deductible temporary differences and unused tax losses only if it is probable that future taxable
                         profits are available to utilise those temporary differences and losses, and the tax losses continue to be available having regard to the
                         nature and timing of their origination and compliance with the relevant tax legislation associated with their recoupment. The
                         assumptions regarding the future realisation, and therefore the recognition of deferred tax assets, may change due to future operating
                         performance and other factors.
                         The assumptions made in respect of the recognised tax balances are subject to risk and uncertainty and there is a possibility that changes
                         in circumstances or differences in opinion will alter outcomes which may impact the amount of deferred tax assets and deferred tax
                         liabilities recognised and the amount of tax losses and timing differences not yet recognised.




                    ORORA LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2021                                                                                                                   107
               Notes to the
               financial statements
               FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2021




               Section 5: Financial risk management
                  IN THIS SECTION




For personal use only
                  The following section outlines how the Group manages the financial risks it is exposed to associated with holding financial instruments
                  that arise from the Group’s need to access financing (bank loans and overdrafts and unsecured notes), from the Group’s operational
                  activities (cash, trade receivables and payables) and instruments held as part of the Group’s risk management activities (derivative
                  financial instruments).



                  Financial risk management is carried out by Orora Group Treasury under policies that have been approved by the Board for managing
                  each of the below risks including principles and procedures with respect to risk tolerance, delegated levels of authority on the type and
                  use of derivative financial instruments and the reporting of these exposures. The Treasury function reports regularly to the Audit, Risk &
                  Compliance Committee and treasury procedures are subject to periodic reviews.
                  In accordance with Board approved policies the Group typically uses derivative financial instruments to hedge underlying exposures
                  arising from the Group’s operational activities relating to: changes in foreign exchange rates on foreign currency commercial transactions
                  (transaction risk), exposure to changes in commodity prices, changes in interest rates on net borrowings and changes in the Company’s
                  share price.

               The Group’s overall financial risk management program focuses on the unpredictability of financial markets and seeks to minimise potential
               adverse effects on the Group’s financial performance as set out in the table below:

               Risk                 Exposure                                                Management

               Market risks
               • Interest rate      The Group is exposed to interest rate risk in           The Group mitigates interest rate risk primarily by maintaining
                 risk               respect of short and long-term borrowings where         an appropriate mix of fixed and floating rate borrowing
                                    interest is charged at variable rates.                  arrangements. Where necessary the Group hedges interest rate
                                                                                            risk using derivative instruments – eg interest rate swaps. Refer
                                                                                            notes 5.1.1 and 5.4.
               • Foreign            The Group is exposed to foreign exchange risk           Where possible, loans are drawn in foreign currency by foreign
                 exchange risk      because of its international operations. These risks    entities to create a natural hedge of foreign currency assets and
                                    relate to future commercial transactions (mainly        liabilities. Where this is not possible, the Group’s policy is to
                                    relating to export sales, the purchase of inventory     hedge contractual commitments denominated in a foreign
                                    and capital expenditure), financial assets and          currency by entering into forward exchange contracts. Refer
                                    liabilities not denominated in A$ and net               notes 5.1.2 and 5.4.
                                    investments in foreign operations.
               • Commodity          The Group is exposed to changes in commodity            Where possible, the Group mitigates raw material commodity
                 price risk         prices in respect of the purchase of aluminium raw      price risk by contractually passing rise and fall adjustments
                                    materials and the price of electricity.                 through to customers. To mitigate the variability of wholesale
                                                                                            electricity prices in Australia, the Group utilises Power Purchase
                                                                                            Arrangements (PPAs). Refer notes 5.1.3 and 5.4.
               • Employee           The Group’s employee share plans require the            The Group has established the Orora Employee Share Trust
                 share plan         delivery of shares to employees in the future when      which manages and administers the Group’s responsibilities
                 risk               rights vest or options are exercised. The Group         under the employee share plans through acquiring, holding and
                                    currently acquires shares on market to deliver          transferring shares or rights to shares in the Company to
                                    these shares exposing the Group to cash flow risk –     participating employees. Refer note 5.1.4, 6.3 and 7.1.
                                    ie as the share price increases it costs more to
                                    acquire the shares on-market.
               Credit risk          The Group is exposed to credit risk from financial      The Group manages credit risk through a robust system of
                                    instrument contracts and trade and other                counterparty approval, granting and renewal of credit limits,
                                    receivables. The maximum exposure to credit risk        regular monitoring of exposures against such credit limits and
                                    at reporting date is the carrying amount, net of any    assessing the overall financial stability and competitive strength
                                    provision for impairment, of each financial asset in    of the counterparty on an ongoing basis. Refer to notes 5.2 and
                                    the balance sheet.                                      3.1 for credit risk exposures relating to trade and other
                                                                                            receivables.
                                                                                            The Group only enters into financial instrument contracts with
                                                                                            high credit quality financial institutions with a minimum long-
                                                                                            term credit rating of A- or better by Standard & Poor’s.




               108                                                                                                           ORORA LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                    Notes to the
                    financial statements
                    FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2021




                    Risk                     Exposure                                             Management
                    Liquidity and            The Group is exposed to liquidity and funding risk   The Group mitigates funding and liquidity risks by ensuring that:




For personal use only
                    funding risk             from operations and from external borrowings,        • a sufficient range of funds are available to meet working
                                             where the risk is that the Group may not be able         capital and investment objectives;
                                             to refinance debt obligations or meet other cash     • adequate flexibility within the funding structure is
                                             outflow obligations when required.                       maintained through the use of bank overdrafts, bank
                                                                                                      loans and unsecured notes;
                                                                                                  • through regular monitoring of rolling forecast of cash
                                                                                                      inflows and outflows, the cost of funding is minimised and
                                                                                                      that the return on any surplus funds is maximised through
                                                                                                      efficient cash management; and
                                                                                                  • there is a focus on improving operational cash flow and
                                                                                                      maintaining a strong balance sheet.
                                                                                                  Refer note 5.3.


                    5.1. Market risks
                    5.1.1. Interest rate risk
                    The Group’s main interest rate risk arises from long-term borrowings with variable rates, which expose the Group to cash flow interest rate
                    risk. The Group’s Treasury risk management policy is to maintain an appropriate mix between fixed and floating rate borrowings, monitoring
                    global interest rates, and where appropriate, hedging floating interest rate exposures or borrowings at fixed interest rates through the use of
                    interest rate swaps and forward interest rate contracts.

                    The Group’s policy is to hold up to 85.0% fixed rate debt. At 30 June 2021, approximately 64.3% of the Group’s debt is fixed rate. In the
                    comparative period approximately 88.0% of the Group’s debt was fixed rate. The movement in fixed rate debt was a result of the sale of the
                    Australasian Fibre business which extinguished almost all bank debt, while the fixed US Private Placement notes remained outstanding.

                    Exposure
                    The Group had the following variable rate borrowings, there were no interest rate swap contracts outstanding at 30 June:

                                                                                                                                 Weighted average        Balance
                                                                                                                                      interest rate      $million

                        2021
                        Bank loans                                                                                                            1.4%         180.0
                        Interest rate swaps (notional principal amount)                                                                          -             -
                        Net exposure to cash flow interest rate risk                                                                                       180.0


                        2020
                        Bank loans                                                                                                            1.6%          48.0
                        Interest rate swaps (notional principal amount)                                                                          -             -
                        Net exposure to cash flow interest rate risk                                                                                        48.0




                    ORORA LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2021                                                                                                               109
               Notes to the
               financial statements
               FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2021




               Section 5: Financial risk management (continued)
               5.1. Market risks (continued)




For personal use only
               5.1.1. Interest rate risk (continued)
               Interest rate derivatives used for hedging
               The Group did not hold any derivative instruments as at 30 June 2021 (2020: nil) in respect of hedging interest rate risk.

               The Group’s interest rate swaps are predominantly classified as cash flow hedges so any movement in the fair value is recognised directly in
               equity. The amounts accumulated in equity are transferred to the income statement in the period in which the hedged item affects profit or
               loss. During the period no amounts were recognised directly in equity in relation to interest rate swaps (2020: nil).

               Sensitivity
               At 30 June 2021, if Australian and US interest rates had increased by 1.0% (100 bps), post-tax profit for the year would have been $1.3 million
               lower (2020: $0.3 million lower), net of derivatives. If interest rates on Australian and US dollar denominated borrowings had decreased by
               1.0% (100 bps), post-tax profit for the year would have been $1.3 million higher (2020: $0.3 million higher), net of derivatives.

               Amounts recognised in profit or loss and other comprehensive income
               During the year no amounts, relating to cash flow hedges on interest rate swaps were recognised in other comprehensive income (2020: nil)
               and no amounts were recognised in the income statement in respect of hedge ineffectiveness on interest rate swaps (2020: nil). In addition,
               during the period there were no amounts relating to cash flow hedges on interest rate swaps that were transferred from equity to operating
               profit (2020: nil).

               5.1.2. Foreign exchange risk
               The Group operates internationally and is therefore exposed to currency risk arising from movements in foreign currency rates, primarily with
               respect to the US Dollar and NZ Dollar. The foreign exchange risk arises from:
               •    recognised monetary assets and liabilities held in a non-functional currency and net investments in foreign operations (translation risk);
                    and
               •    differences in the dates foreign currency commercial transactions are entered into and the date they are settled (transaction risk).

               The Group’s exposure to foreign currency risk at the end of the reporting period in respect of foreign denominated monetary items, expressed
               in Australian dollars, was as follows:

               $ million                                                                                                     USD            NZD            EUR

               2021
               Trade receivables                                                                                            10.1             0.6              -
               Trade payables                                                                                               (5.3)           (0.2)         (1.5)

               Foreign currency forwards
               Cash flow hedges
                  Buy foreign currency                                                                                     140.2               -             -
                  Sell foreign currency                                                                                        -             2.8           3.9
               Held for trading
                  Buy foreign currency                                                                                        4.1            0.4           0.3


               $ million                                                                                                     USD            NZD           CAD

               2020
               Trade receivables                                                                                             25.4            0.2          12.2
               Trade payables                                                                                               (11.0)          (0.4)            -

               Foreign currency forwards
               Cash flow hedges
                  Buy foreign currency                                                                                      88.2               -             -
                  Sell foreign currency                                                                                        -             0.3             -
               Held for trading
                  Buy foreign currency                                                                                        1.6            0.1             -




               110                                                                                                            ORORA LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                    Notes to the
                    financial statements
                    FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2021




                    The following sensitivity illustrates how a reasonably possible change in the US dollar and NZ dollar would impact post-tax profit as at 30 June:
                    •      if the Australian dollar had weakened by 10% against the US dollar with all other variables held constant, post tax profit would have been




For personal use only
                           $0.4 million higher (2020: post-tax profit $1.2 million higher).
                    •      if the Australian dollar had weakened by 10% against the NZ dollar with all other variables held constant, there would have been no
                           material impact upon post-tax profit (2020: no impact upon post-tax profit)

                    Further details regarding foreign currency translation and transaction risk are set out below.

                    Translation risk
                    To limit translation risk exposure the Group’s borrowings are generally denominated in currencies that match the cash flows generated by the
                    underlying operations of the Group, which are primarily Australian and US dollars. Interest payable on those borrowings is denominated in the
                    currency of the borrowing. In respect of the US operations this provides a natural economic hedge without requiring derivatives to be entered
                    into.

                    Exposure
                    The summary quantitative data about the Group’s exposure to translation currency risk, as reported to the management of the Group, is as
                    follows:
                                                                                                                              2021                     2020
                        $ million                                                                                           USD         NZD          USD         NZD

                        Funds employed                                                                                     663.0        63.8       791.8       119.5
                        Net Debt                                                                                          (300.8)       17.0      (269.3)      (23.3)
                                                                                                                           45.4%     (26.6%)       34.0%       19.5%

                    Transaction risk
                    To manage foreign currency transaction risk the Group’s policy is to hedge material foreign currency denominated expenditure at the time of
                    commitment and to hedge a proportion of foreign currency denominated forecasted exposures on a rolling 18-month basis (mainly relating to
                    export sales, the purchase of inventory and capital expenditure), using either a natural hedge where one exists, or through the use of forward
                    foreign exchange contracts or foreign currency options taken out for up to two years from the forecast date.

                    Forward exchange derivatives used for hedging
                    The below carrying values represent the fair value of instruments used to hedge foreign exchange risk together with the associated nominal
                    volume:
                                                                                                                       Notional Weighted           $ million
                                                                                                                           Item Average           Asset    Liability

                        2021
                        Cash flow hedges
                          AUD/USD                                                                                     USD118.5       0.7619         3.0        (0.6)
                          AUD/EUR                                                                                       EUR4.2       0.6339         0.1            -
                          AUD/GBP                                                                                       GBP4.4       0.5448           -            -
                          NZD/USD                                                                                      USD27.2       0.7055         0.8        (0.4)
                          NZD/AUD                                                                                       NZD3.2       0.9293           -            -
                        Total derivatives in an asset/(liability) position                                                                          3.9        (1.0)


                        2020
                        Cash flow hedges
                          AUD/USD                                                                                      USD69.3       0.6600         0.5        (5.1)
                          NZD/USD                                                                                      USD20.5       0.6279         0.2        (1.0)
                          NZD/AUD                                                                                       AUD0.4       0.9555           -           -
                        Total derivatives in an asset/(liability) position                                                                          0.7        (6.1)


                    Sensitivity
                    The following sensitivity illustrates how a reasonably possible change in the US dollar and NZ dollar would impact the fair value of the
                    derivative financial instruments (refer note 5.4) held for future commercial transactions as at 30 June:

                    •      if the Australian dollar had weakened by 10% against the US dollar with all other variables held constant, equity would have been
                           $20.2 million higher (2020: $6.5 million higher).
                    •      if the Australian dollar had weakened by 10% against the NZ dollar with all other variables held constant, equity would have been
                           $0.8 million lower (2020: no impact upon equity).




                    ORORA LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2021                                                                                                                   111
               Notes to the
               financial statements
               FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2021




               Section 5: Financial risk management (continued)
               5.1. Market risks (continued)




For personal use only
               5.1.2. Foreign exchange risk (continued)
               Amounts recognised in profit or loss and other comprehensive income
               Within general and administrative expense in the income statement the Group recognised a net foreign exchange loss of $0.3 million (2020:
               $1.2 million gain) and, in respect of foreign currency derivatives designated at fair value through profit or loss, a gain of $0.2 million (2020
               $0.2 million loss).
               In addition, a gain of $2.9 million (2020: $5.0 million loss) relating to cash flow hedges and a $35.4 million loss (2020: $25.2 million loss) on the
               translation of foreign operations was recognised in other comprehensive income. Losses of $5.7 million (2020: $0.9 million gain) relating to
               cash flow hedges were transferred from equity to operating profit. In the comparative period a $0.1 million gain was transferred from equity to
               non-financial assets.
               In the comparative period, upon the divestment of the Australasian Fibre business a foreign currency loss of $12.1 million ($8.3 million after
               tax) relating to the net investment hedge of the foreign operations of this disposed business was reclassified to profit on disposal. Refer note
               6.2.

               5.1.3. Commodity price risk
               The Group is exposed to commodity price risk arising from the purchase of aluminium and the price of electricity.
               Electricity prices
               To manage the risk associated with the variability of wholesale electricity prices in Australia the Group utilises Power Purchase Arrangements
               (PPAs). These contracts are entered into in order to economically hedge exposure to fluctuations in electricity prices by purchasing electricity at
               predetermined prices.
               These derivative instruments meet the requirements for hedge accounting. Settlement of the contracts require exchange of cash for the
               difference between the contracted and spot market price. The contracts are measured at fair value and the resultant gains or losses that
               effectively hedge designated risk exposures are deferred within the cash flow hedge reserve.
               At 30 June 2021 the net carrying value, and fair value, of the instruments used to hedge commodity price risk in respect of electricity prices is a
               net liability of $0.9 million (2020: $1.5 million net liability).
               Aluminium purchases
               In managing commodity price risk associated with aluminium purchases the Group is able to pass on the price risk contractually to customers
               through rise and fall adjustments. In the case of aluminium some hedging is undertaken using fixed price swaps on behalf of certain customers.
               Hedging undertaken is upon customer instruction and all related benefits and costs are passed through to the customer on maturity of the
               transaction.
               The movements in commodity hedges are recognised in equity and the cumulative amount of the hedge is recognised in the income statement
               when the forecast transaction is realised. There is no impact on profit as a result of movements in commodity prices where hedges have been
               put in place as the Group passes the price risk contractually through to customers. As the Group ultimately passes on the movement risk
               associated with commodity prices to customers, no sensitivity has been performed.

               5.1.4. Employee Share Plan risk
               The Group is exposed to movements in the value of ordinary shares of the Company in respect of the obligations under the Group’s Employee
               Share Plans (refer note 7.1). To mitigate this risk the Group has established the Orora Employee Share Trust (the Trust) to manage and
               administer the Group’s responsibilities under the Employee Share Plans through the acquiring, holding and transferring of shares, or rights
               to shares, in the Company to participating employees.
               As at 30 June 2021, the Trust holds 306,567 treasury shares in the Company (2020: 655,046), 80,000 allocated shares in respect of the CEO
               Grant (2020: 168,000). In the comparative period the Trust also held 180,600 allocated shares in respect of vested shares held on trust that
               contain a post-vesting holding lock. Refer note 6.3 for further details.

               5.2. Credit risk
               Credit risk is the risk of financial loss to the Group if a customer or counterparty to a financial instrument fails to meet its contractual
               obligations. It arises principally from the Group’s receivables from customers, cash and cash equivalents and in-the-money derivatives.
               There is also credit risk relating to the Group’s own credit rating as this impacts the availability and cost of future finance.
               The Group manages credit risk through the maintenance of procedures such as the utilisation of systems of approval, granting and renewal of
               credit limits, regular monitoring of exposures against such credit limits and assessing the overall financial stability and competitive strength of
               the counterparty on an ongoing basis.

               Trade and other receivables
               Credit risk exposures related to trade and other receivables are discussed in note 3.1.




               112                                                                                                              ORORA LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                    Notes to the
                    financial statements
                    FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2021




                    Cash and cash equivalents and derivatives
                    Credit risk related to balances with banks and financial institutions is managed by Orora Group Treasury in accordance with Group policy. The




For personal use only
                    policy only allows financial derivative instruments to be entered into with high credit quality financial institutions with a minimum long-term
                    credit rating of A- or better by Standard & Poor’s. In addition, the Board has approved the use of these financial institutions, and specific
                    internal guidelines have been established with regards to limits, dealing and settlement procedures.

                    The maximum exposure to credit risk by class of recognised financial assets at the end of the reporting period, excluding the value of any
                    security held, is equivalent to the carrying amount and classification of the financial assets (net of any provisions) as presented in the
                    statement of financial position.

                    Guarantees
                    The Group’s policy is to provide financial guarantees only to certain parties securing the liabilities of subsidiaries. These are only provided in
                    exceptional circumstances (refer note 7.3).

                    5.3. Liquidity and funding risk
                    Liquidity risk is the risk that the Group will not be able to meet its financial obligations as they fall due. The Group’s financing policy is to fund
                    itself for the long term by using debt instruments with a range of maturities and to ensure access to appropriate short-term facilities. Orora
                    Group Treasury aims to maintain flexibility within the funding structure through the use of bank overdrafts and bank loans.

                    Management manages liquidity risk through maintaining minimum undrawn committed liquidity of at least $175.0 million that can be
                    drawn upon at short notice and regularly monitoring rolling forecasts of cash inflows and outflows in relation to the Group’s activities. This
                    monitoring includes financial ratios to assess possible future credit ratings and headroom and takes into account the accessibility of cash and
                    cash equivalents.

                    Financing arrangements

                          In addition to a range of short-term uncommitted credit lines, as at 30 June 2021 the Group had access to the following committed
                          facilities:
                          •    $350.0 million through a revolving multicurrency facility, provided by a syndicate of domestic and international financial institutions
                               maturing in November 2024.
                          •    USD243.0 million via a US Private Placement of notes of which USD100.0 million matures in July 2023 and USD143.0 million matures
                               in July 2025.
                          •    USD150.0 million through a USD revolving facility, provided by a syndicate of domestic and international financial institutions,
                               maturing in April 2024.
                          •    $35.0 million through a bilateral agreement which matures in January 2022.
                          These facilities are unsecured.


                    The committed and uncommitted standby arrangements and unused facilities of the Group are set out below:

                                                                                       2021                                              2020
                        $ million                                  Committed       Uncommitted          Total          Committed      Uncommitted           Total

                        Financing facilities available:
                        Bank overdrafts                                        -              6.3             6.3                 -               6.3             6.3
                        US Private placement                               324.1                -           324.1             352.2                 -           352.2
                        Loan facilities and term debt                      585.1            127.7           712.8             662.3              73.0           735.3
                                                                           909.2            134.0         1,043.2           1,014.5              79.3         1,093.8

                        Facilities utilised:
                        Bank overdrafts                                        -                 -              -                 -                 -               -
                        US Private placement                               324.1                 -          324.1             352.2                 -           352.2
                        Loan facilities and term debt                      180.0                 -          180.0              48.0                 -            48.0
                                                                           504.1                 -          504.1             400.2                 -           400.2

                        Facilities not utilised:
                        Bank overdrafts                                        -              6.3             6.3                 -               6.3             6.3
                        US Private placement                                   -                -               -                 -                 -               -
                        Loan facilities and term debt                      405.1            127.7           532.8             614.3              73.0           687.3
                                                                           405.1            134.0           539.1             614.3              79.3           693.6




                    ORORA LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2021                                                                                                                     113
               Notes to the
               financial statements
               FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2021




               Section 5: Financial risk management (continued)
               5.3 Liquidity and funding risk (continued)




For personal use only
               Maturity of financial liabilities
               The table below analyses the Group’s financial liabilities, including derivatives, into relevant maturity groupings based on the period remaining
               until the contractual maturity date. The amounts disclosed in the table are the contractual undiscounted cash flows (including interest), so will
               not always reconcile with the amounts disclosed in the statement of financial position:
                                                                                                                                  Total
                                                                              1 year                              More than contractual         Carrying amount
               $ million                                                      or less   1-2 years    2-5 years      5 years cash flows         (assets)/ liabilities

               2021
               Non-derivative financial instruments
               Trade and other payables                                       650.8          0.3          1.5              -         652.6                   652.6
               Lease liabilities                                               66.6         61.7        142.2           52.6         323.1                   252.8
               Borrowings                                                      14.8         14.5        522.2            0.3         551.8                   503.5
               Total non-derivatives                                          732.2         76.5        665.9           52.9        1,527.5                1,408.9

               Derivatives
               Net settled (interest rate swaps and commodity contracts)        (0.8)        (0.1)           -             -           (0.9)                  (0.9)
               Gross settled forward exchange contracts
                  Inflow                                                      195.4          16.0            -             -          211.4
                  Outflow                                                    (192.7)        (15.8)           -             -         (208.5)
               Total gross settled forward exchange contracts                    2.7          0.2            -             -            2.9                    2.9
               Total derivatives                                                 1.9          0.1            -             -            2.0                    2.0

               2020
               Non-derivative financial instruments
               Trade and other payables                                       663.5            -            -              -         663.5                   663.5
               Lease liabilities                                               62.7         53.4        128.0           93.3         337.4                   279.4
               Borrowings                                                      14.2         61.6        171.8          207.5         455.1                   399.4
               Total non-derivatives                                          740.4        115.0        299.8          300.8        1,456.0                1,342.3

               Derivatives
               Net settled (interest rate swaps and commodity contracts)        (0.7)        (0.6)        (0.2)            -           (1.5)                  (1.5)
               Gross settled forward exchange contracts
                  Inflow                                                      130.2           6.8          0.2             -          137.2
                  Outflow                                                    (135.5)         (7.0)        (0.2)            -         (142.7)
               Total gross settled forward exchange contracts                   (5.3)        (0.2)           -             -           (5.5)                  (5.5)
               Total derivatives                                                (6.0)        (0.8)        (0.2)            -           (7.0)                  (7.0)




               114                                                                                                             ORORA LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                    Notes to the
                    financial statements
                    FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2021




                    5.4. Hedging instruments
                        Hedging activities and the use of derivatives




For personal use only
                        What is a derivative?
                        A derivative is a type of financial instrument typically used to manage risk. A derivative’s value changes over time in response to
                        underlying variables, such as exchange rates or interest rates, and is entered into for a fixed period of time. A hedge is where a derivative
                        is used to manage exposure in an underlying variable.
                        The Group is exposed to certain market risks which include foreign exchange risk, interest rate risk and commodity price risk. In
                        accordance with Board approved policies the Group manages these risks by using derivative financial instruments to hedge the underlying
                        exposures.
                        Why do we need them?
                        The key market risks facing the Group:
                        •   Foreign currency transaction risk is the risk that currency fluctuations will have a negative effect on the value of the Group's future
                            cash flows due to changes in foreign currency between the date a commercial transaction is entered into and the date at which the
                            transaction is settled.
                        •   Interest rate risk arises from fluctuations in variable market interest rates impacting the fair value or future cash flows on long-term
                            borrowings.
                        •   Commodity price risk arises from significant changes in the price of electricity and key raw material inputs, in particular the purchase
                            of aluminium.

                        How do we use them?
                        The Group employs the following derivative financial instruments when managing its foreign currency, interest rate and commodity price
                        risk:
                        •   Forward exchange contracts and options are derivative instruments used to hedge transaction risk. They enable the sale or purchase
                            of foreign currency at a known fixed rate on an agreed future date. The Group holds forward exchange contracts and options
                            denominated in US Dollars, Euros, British Pounds and NZ Dollars to hedge highly probable forecast sale and purchase transactions
                            (cash flow hedges).
                        •   Interest rate swaps are derivative instruments used to manage interest rate risk. They enable the exchange of a fixed rate of interest
                            for a floating rate, or vice versa, or one type of floating rate for another. These derivatives are entered into to manage the Group’s
                            exposure to fixed and floating interest rates arising from borrowings. These hedges may incorporate cash flow hedges, which fix
                            future interest payments, and fair value hedges, which reduce the Group’s exposure to changes in the value of its assets and liabilities
                            arising from interest rate movements.
                        •   Power Purchase Arrangements are derivative instruments that are used to hedge transaction risk associated with the variability of
                            wholesale electricity prices in Australia. These forward commodity contracts exchange a variable wholesale price of electricity for a
                            fixed electricity price.

                        In respect of managing commodity price risk associated with aluminium purchases the Group uses forward commodity contracts. Forward
                        commodity contracts are derivative instruments used to hedge price risk so they enable the purchase of aluminium raw materials at a
                        known fixed rate on an agreed future date. On behalf of customers, aluminium hedging is undertaken using fixed price swaps. The Group
                        passes on the price risk of commodities contractually through to customers, including any benefits and costs relating to swaps upon their
                        maturity (fair value hedge).
                        All derivative financial instruments utilised by the Group are hedges of highly probable forecast transactions with a hedge ratio of 1:1,
                        therefore the change in the hedging instrument is equal to the change in the value of the underlying hedged item.
                        Derivative financial instruments are only undertaken if they relate to underlying exposures, the Group does not use derivatives to
                        speculate.
                        Analysis of the derivatives used by the Group to hedge its exposure and the various methods used to calculate their respective fair values
                        are detailed in this section.



                    Accounting policies
                    Derivative financial instruments are recognised initially at fair value on the date the instrument is entered into and are subsequently
                    remeasured at fair value or ‘marked to market’ at each reporting date. The gain or loss on remeasurement is recognised immediately in the
                    income statement unless the derivative is designated as a hedging instrument in which case the remeasurement is recognised in equity.




                    ORORA LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2021                                                                                                                115
               Notes to the
               financial statements
               FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2021




               Section 5: Financial risk management (continued)
               5.4 Hedging instruments (continued)




For personal use only
               Hedge accounting
               At the inception of the hedge relationship, the Group formally designates the relationship between hedging instruments and hedged items, as
               well as its risk management objective for undertaking various hedge transactions. The Group also documents its assessment, both at hedge
               inception and on an ongoing basis, as to whether the derivatives that are used in hedging transactions have been and will continue to be highly
               effective in offsetting changes in fair values or cash flows of hedged items. Where option contracts are used to hedge forecast transactions,
               only the intrinsic value of the option contract is designated as the hedging instrument.

               Rebalancing
               If the hedging ratio for risk management purposes is no longer optimal but the risk management objective remains unchanged and the hedge
               continues to qualify for hedge accounting, the hedge relationship will be rebalanced by adjusting either the volume of the hedging instrument
               or the volume of the hedged item so that the hedge ratio aligns with the ratio used for risk management purposes. Any hedge ineffectiveness is
               calculated and accounted for in profit or loss at the time of the hedge relationship rebalancing.

               For the purposes of hedge accounting, hedges are classified as fair value hedges, cash flow hedges or net investment hedges and are accounted
               for as set out in the table below.

               Hedges that meet the criteria for hedge accounting are accounted for as follows:

                                  Fair value hedge                          Cash flow hedge                                         Net investment hedge

               What is it?        A derivative or financial instrument      A derivative or financial instrument hedging the        Financial instruments hedging changes in
                                  designated as hedging the change in       exposure to variability in cash flow attributable to    foreign currency when the net assets of a
                                  fair value of a recognised asset or       a particular risk associated with an asset, liability   foreign operation are translated from their
                                  liability or firm commitment.             or forecasted transaction.                              functional currency into Australian dollars.

               Movement in        Changes in the fair value of the          The effective part of any gain or loss on the           On consolidation, foreign currency differences
                                  derivative are recognised in the          derivative financial instrument is recognised in        arising on the translation of financial assets
               fair value
                                  income statement, together with the       other comprehensive income and accumulated in           and liabilities designated as net investment
                                  changes in fair value of the hedged       equity in the hedging reserve. The change in the        hedges of a foreign operation are recognised
                                  asset or liability attributable to the    fair value that is identified as ineffective is         in other comprehensive income and
                                  hedged risk.                              recognised immediately in the income statement          accumulated in the foreign exchange reserve,
                                  The gain or loss relating to the          within ‘other income’ or ‘general and                   to the extent that the hedge is effective. Any
                                  effective portion of interest rate        administration expenses’.                               ineffective portion is recognised in the income
                                  swaps, hedging fixed rate borrowings,     Amounts accumulated in equity are transferred to        statement.
                                  is recognised in the income statement     the income statement in the periods when the
                                  within ‘finance costs’, together with     hedged item affects profit or loss (for instance,
                                  changes in the fair value of the hedged   when the forecast sale that is hedged takes place).
                                  fixed rate borrowings attributable to     However, when the forecast transaction that is
                                  interest rate risk. The gain or loss      hedged results in the recognition of a non-financial
                                  relating to the ineffective portion is    asset (for example, inventory), the gains and losses
                                  recognised in the income statement        previously deferred in equity are transferred from
                                  within ‘other income’ or ‘general and     equity and included in the measurement of the
                                  administration expenses’.                 initial cost or carrying amount of the asset.
                                                                            Where options are used, changes in the fair value
                                                                            of the option are recognised in other
                                                                            comprehensive income depending on whether it is
                                                                            designated as the hedging instrument in its
                                                                            entirety, or it’s intrinsic value only. If only the
                                                                            intrinsic value is designated, the option’s time
                                                                            value that matches the terms of the hedged item
                                                                            is be recognised in equity and released to profit or
                                                                            loss over the term of the hedged item.

               Discontinuation If the hedge no longer meets the             When a hedging instrument expires or is sold,           Upon disposal of the foreign operation, which
                               criteria for hedge accounting, the           terminated or exercised, or when a hedge no             is subject to the net investment hedge, the
               of hedge
                               adjustment to the carrying amount of         longer meets the criteria for hedge accounting,         cumulative amount that has been recognised
               accounting      a hedged item, for which the effective       any cumulative gain or loss existing in equity at       in equity in relation to the hedged net
                                  interest method is used, is amortised     that time remains in equity and is recognised           investment is transferred to the income
                                  to the income statement over the          when the forecast transaction is ultimately             statement and recognised as part of the
                                  period to maturity using a recalculated   recognised in the income statement. When a              gain or loss on disposal.
                                  effective interest rate.                  forecast transaction is no longer expected to
                                                                            occur, the cumulative gain or loss that was
                                                                            reported in equity is immediately transferred
                                                                            to the income statement.




               116                                                                                                                        ORORA LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                    Notes to the
                    financial statements
                    FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2021




                    Fair value measurement
                    The following table sets out the fair value of derivative financial instruments utilised by the Group, analysed by type of contract. There were no




For personal use only
                    transfers between level 1 and 2 for recurring fair value measurements during the year. The Group does not hold any material level 3 financial
                    instruments.

                                                                                                                               Level 2 Fair Value Hierarchy
                                                                                                                            2021                          2020
                        $ million                                                                       Note          Asset      Liability         Asset       Liability

                        Cash flow hedges
                        Interest rate swap contracts                                                    5.1.1                 -             -               -              -
                        Foreign exchange derivative contracts                                           5.1.2               3.9          (1.0)            0.6          (6.1)
                        Electricity and commodity derivatives                                           5.1.3               0.8          (1.7)            1.3          (2.8)
                        Total derivatives in an asset/(liability) position                                                  4.7          (2.7)            1.9          (8.9)
                        Current asset/(liability)                                                                           4.2          (2.3)            1.0          (7.0)
                        Non-current asset/(liability)                                                                       0.5          (0.4)            0.9          (1.9)




                             JUDGEMENTS AND ESTIMATES
                             The Orora Group Treasury team performs the financial instrument valuations and reports directly to the Chief Financial Officer (CFO) and
                             the Audit, Risk & Compliance Committee. Discussions of valuation processes and results are held with the CFO and Orora Group Treasury
                             at least once every six months, in line with the Group’s half-yearly reporting requirements. Significant valuation issues are reported to the
                             Audit, Risk & Compliance Committee.
                             When measuring the fair value of an asset or liability, the Group uses market observable data as far as possible. Fair values are
                             categorised into three levels as prescribed under accounting standards, with each of these levels indicating the reliability of the inputs
                             used in determining fair value. The levels in the fair value hierarchy are:
                             Level 1: Financial instruments traded in an active market (such as publicly traded derivatives, and trading and available-for-sale
                             securities). Fair value is from a quoted price, for an identical asset or liability at the end of the reporting period, traded in an active
                             market. The quoted market price used for assets is the last bid price.
                             Level 2: Financial instruments that are not traded in an active market (for example over-the-counter derivatives). Fair value is determined
                             using valuation techniques that maximise the use of observable market data and rely as little as possible on entity-specific estimates. All
                             significant inputs used in the valuation method are observable.
                             Level 3: Financial instruments for which no market exists in which the instrument can be traded. Where one or more of the significant
                             inputs in determining fair value for the asset or liability is not based on observable market data (unobservable input), the instrument is
                             included in level 3.
                             Determining fair value
                             The specific valuation techniques used to value derivative financial instruments are as follows:
                             •      the fair value of forward exchange contracts and currency options is determined by using the difference between the contract
                                    exchange rate and the quoted exchange rate at the reporting date;
                             •      the fair value of interest rate swaps is determined by calculating the present value of the estimated future cash flows—ie the
                                    amounts that the Group would receive or pay to terminate the swap at the reporting date, based on observable yield curves; and
                             •      the fair value of electricity and aluminium commodity forward contracts is determined by using the difference between the contract
                                    commodity price and the quoted commodity price at the reporting date.




                    ORORA LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2021                                                                                                                       117
               Notes to the
               financial statements
               FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2021




               Section 6: Group structure
                   IN THIS SECTION




For personal use only
                   This section provides information on those subsidiaries whose results principally affect the financial results of the Group, including
                   details of the divestments and acquisitions that occurred during the period.
                   Details of the Orora Employee Share Trust are also discussed below.


               6.1. Principal subsidiary undertakings and investments
               The ultimate parent of the Group is Orora Limited, a company incorporated in Australia. The companies listed below are those whose results,
               in addition to the parent Company, principally affect the figures shown within the Annual Report:

                                                                                                                            Country of    Ownership interest
               Controlled entities                                                                                          incorporation   2021      2020

               Orora Packaging Australia Pty Ltd                                                                            Australia           100%       100%
               Orora Packaging New Zealand Ltd                                                                              New Zealand         100%       100%
               Orora Packaging Solutions                                                                                    United States       100%       100%
               Landsberg Orora                                                                                              United States       100%       100%
               Orora Visual TX LLC                                                                                          United States       100%       100%
               Orora Visual LLC                                                                                             United States       100%       100%
               Pollock Investments Incorporated                                                                             United States       100%       100%




               6.2. Business divestment
               On 30 April 2020, the Group completed the sale of its Australasian Fibre business (Fibre) to a wholly owned subsidiary of Nippon Paper
               Industries Co., Limited for an enterprise value of $1,720.0 million, with net proceeds of $1,637.0 million received in the period to 30 June 2020.

               In the comparative period, the Group recognised a gain on disposal, before tax, of $164.0 million. This gain is net of transaction costs, exchange
               fluctuation reserve reclassified on disposal, write-off of Group assets relating to the Fibre business, allowances for post-close completion
               accounts adjustments and provisions for indemnities.

               On 29 September 2020, the Group finalised the post-close completion process with regards to the divestment including finalisation of the tax
               position of the sale, resulting in the recognition of an incremental net gain on disposal of $11.3 million (after tax $12.8 million). During the
               period, this gain has been offset by the recognition of additional costs and obligations associated with the sale totalling $9.8 million (after tax
               $6.7 million). Deferred consideration of $32.2 million, relating to the disposal of land is anticipated to be received in the early part of calendar
               2022. The deferred consideration is presented as a current other receivable in note 3.1.

               Included within the sale and purchase agreement is an indemnity with regards to potential environmental contamination. The indemnity
               relates to certain pre-existing contamination that may exist at the Australasian Fibre sites as at 30 April 2020, where, after this date, the
               contamination is either a) required to be remediated by a regulatory agency or b) the site is subject to regulatory enforcement action that is
               directly related to pre-existing contamination. The provision recognised as at 30 June 2021 represents management’s best estimate of the
               potential liability under the indemnity, using all currently available information and considering the scope of the indemnity.

               The Fibre business is classified as a discontinued operation, accordingly the financial statements have been presented in the following manner:
               •    the consolidated income statement and consolidate cash flow statement present the Fibre business, and the profit on disposal of this
                    business, as a discontinued operation. As a consequence, the financial results of the Fibre business are presented separately within these
                    statements;
               •    the consolidated statement of comprehensive income and the consolidated statement of changes in equity have been presented on a total
                    Group basis.

               Financial information relating to the discontinued operation is set out below.




               118                                                                                                              ORORA LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                    Notes to the
                    financial statements
                    FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2021




                    Results of discontinued operation
                    The table below reflects the amounts that have been recognised in the current period in respect of the completion of the sale of the Fibre




For personal use only
                    business. The comparative period reflects the results of the Fibre operations and the gain on sale recognised upon disposal of the business.

                        $ million                                                                                                                                          2021            2020

                        External revenue                                                                                                                                        -       1,092.9
                        External expenses                                                                                                                                       -      (1,035.3)
                        Profit from operations                                                                                                                                  -          57.6
                        Income tax expense                                                                                                                                      -         (17.0)
                        Profit from operations, net of tax                                                                                                                      -          40.6
                                                                    (1)
                        Gain on sale of discontinued operation                                                                                                                1.5         164.0
                        Income tax benefit on gain on sale of discontinued operation                                                                                          4.6           7.7
                        Profit from discontinued operations, net of tax (2)                                                                                                   6.1         212.3
                                                                                                (2)
                        Total comprehensive income from discontinued operations                                                                                               6.1         220.0

                        Basic earnings per share                                                                                                                             0.6c          22.0c
                        Diluted earnings per share                                                                                                                           0.6c          21.9c

                    (1)      The net gain on disposal in the comparative period, before tax, of $164.0 million is presented net of transaction costs, exchange fluctuation reserve reclassified
                             on disposal, write-off of Group assets relating to the Fibre business, allowances for post-closed completion accounts adjustments and provisions for indemnities.
                    (2)      The profit from discontinued operations, net of tax, and total comprehensive income from discontinued operations is entirely attributable to the owners of
                             Orora Limited.


                    Cash flows from/(used in) discontinued operations
                        $ million                                                                                                                                          2021            2020

                        Net cash flows used in operating activities                                                                                                            -         (121.9)
                        Net cash flows from investing activities (1)                                                                                                        20.7        1,589.7
                        Net cash flows from financing activities                                                                                                               -           77.5
                        Net cash inflow for the period                                                                                                                      20.7        1,545.3

                    (1)      During the period net cash flows of $20.7 million were received in relation to the finalisation of the post-close completion process. In the comparative period the cash
                             inflows from investing activities includes a net inflow of $1,637.0 million from the sale of the Fibre business.


                    Effect of disposal on the financial position of the Group
                    The following table sets out the carrying amounts of assets, liabilities and equity disposed of at 30 April 2020:

                        $ million                                                                                                                                                   April 2020
                        Property, plant and equipment                                                                                                                                 1,145.4
                        Right-of-use assets                                                                                                                                             226.4
                        Intangible assets                                                                                                                                                78.7
                        Inventories                                                                                                                                                     245.3
                        Trade and other receivables                                                                                                                                     243.0
                        Other assets                                                                                                                                                     26.5
                        Assets disposed                                                                                                                                               1,965.3

                        Trade and other payables                                                                                                                                        177.2
                        Lease liabilities                                                                                                                                               245.6
                        Provisions                                                                                                                                                       63.0
                        Liabilities disposed                                                                                                                                            485.8


                        Exchange fluctuation reserve, net of tax                                                                                                                         (8.3)
                        Reserve recycled to income statement on disposal                                                                                                                 (8.3)




                    ORORA LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2021                                                                                                                                               119
               Notes to the
               financial statements
               FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2021




               Section 6: Group structure (continued)
               6.3. Orora Employee Share Trust




For personal use only
               The Group holds shares in itself as a result of shares purchased by the Orora Employee Share Trust (the Trust). The Trust was established to
               manage and administer the Company’s responsibilities under the Group’s Employee Share Plans (refer note 7.1) through the acquiring, holding
               and transferring of shares, or rights to shares, in the Company to participating employees. In respect of these transactions, at any point in time
               the Trust may hold ‘allocated’ and ‘unallocated’ shares.

               As at 30 June 2021, the Trust held 306,567 treasury shares in the Company (2020: 655,046) and 80,000 allocated shares in respect of the CEO
               Grant (2020: 168,000). In the comparative period, the Trust also held 180,600 shares held on trust in respect of vested grants that contain a
               post-vesting holding lock.

               Allocated shares
               Allocated shares represent those shares that have been purchased and awarded to employees under the CEO Grant (refer note 7.1). In the
               comparative period the allocated shares also included those shares held on trust in respect of vested grants that contain a post-vesting holding
               lock.

               Shares granted to an employee under the CEO Grant, and vested shares that contain a post-vesting holding lock, are restricted in that the
               employee is unable to dispose of the shares for a period of up to five years (or as otherwise determined by the Board). The Trust holds these
               shares on behalf of the employee until the restriction period is lifted at which time the Trust releases the shares to the employee. Allocated
               shares are not identified or accounted for as treasury shares.

               Where the Orora Employee Share Trust purchases equity instruments in the Company, as a result of managing the Company’s responsibilities
               under the Group’s CEO Grant Employee Share Plan award and for those vested shares with a post-vesting holding lock, the consideration paid,
               including any directly attributable costs is deducted from equity, net of any related income tax effects.

               Unallocated shares
               Unallocated shares represent those shares that have been purchased by the Trustee on-market to satisfy the potential future vesting of awards
               granted under the Groups Employee Shares Plans, other than the CEO Grant. As the shares are unallocated they are identified and accounted
               for as treasury shares (Treasury Shares) refer note 2.4.1.

               Accounting policies
               Transactions with the Group-sponsored Trust are included in these financial statements. In particular, the Trust’s purchases of shares in Orora
               Limited are debited directly to equity. The shares are held in the Trust until such time as they may be transferred to participants of the various
               Group share schemes.

               In accordance with the Trust Deed, the Trustees have the power to exercise all voting rights in relation to any investment (including shares)
               held within the Trust.




               120                                                                                                            ORORA LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                    Notes to the
                    financial statements
                    FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2021




                    Section 7: Other notes to the financial statements
                          IN THIS SECTION




For personal use only
                          This section includes additional financial information that is required by the accounting standards and the Corporations Act 2001,
                          including details about the Group’s employee reward and recognition programs.


                    7.1. Share-based compensation
                          The Group provides benefits to employees (including senior executives) of the Group in the form of share-based incentives. The Orora
                          employee incentive plans have been established to ensure employees are motivated and incentivised to develop and successfully execute
                          against both short and long-term strategies that grow the business and generate shareholder returns. The plans provide an appropriate
                          level and mix of short and long-term incentives to appropriately recognise and reward employees creating a high performance culture and
                          Orora’s ability to attract and retain talent. Orora’s remuneration strategy is competitive in the relevant markets to support the attraction
                          and retention of talent.
                          The following information provides details of Orora’s employee incentive plans. During the period the Group recognised a share-based
                          payment expense of $0.9 million (2020: $4.6 million). Employee expenses and employee provisions are shown in note 1.5 and 3.9
                          respectively.
                          This note should be read in conjunction with the Remuneration Report, as set out in the Directors’ Report, which contains detailed
                          information regarding the setting of remuneration for Key Management Personnel.


                    The following table details the total movement in the CEO Grant, Share Options, Performance Rights or Performance Shares issued by
                    the Group:
                                                                                                            Long-Term Incentive Plans                           Short-Term Incentive Plan
                                                                                                                        Performance Rights and
                                                                          CEO Grant                  Share Options        Performance Shares                        Deferred Equity (1)
                                                                                           (2)                            (2)                            (2)
                                                                             No.          $                No.          $                No.            $                 No.                 $(2)

                        2021
                        Outstanding at beginning of period              168,000         3.23       9,438,208          0.54       4,890,338            2.14          581,689                  2.94
                        Granted during the period                              -           -                -            -       2,199,647            1.68          441,007                  2.14
                        Exercised during the period                     (88,000)        3.23        (470,061)         0.44          (5,000)           1.69         (376,970)                 3.03
                        Forfeited during the period                            -           -      (4,332,330)         0.54      (2,291,813)           1.99          (35,019)                 2.94
                        Outstanding at end of period                     80,000         3.22        4,635,817         0.55       4,793,172            2.00          610,707                  2.31
                        Exercisable at end of period                            -             -       487,128         0.43                  -               -               -                   -


                        2020
                        Outstanding at beginning of period              264,040         2.96      14,431,770          0.50       5,773,391            2.06        1,318,936                  3.05
                        Granted during the period                       210,000         3.23                -            -       1,839,400            2.06          293,893                  2.65
                        Exercised during the period                    (306,040)        2.99      (3,937,062)         0.42      (1,882,916)           1.85         (977,671)                 2.99
                        Forfeited during the period                            -           -      (1,056,500)         0.47        (839,537)           2.14          (53,469)                 3.06
                        Outstanding at end of period                    168,000         3.23        9,438,208         0.54       4,890,338            2.14          581,689                  2.94
                        Exercisable at end of period                            -             -       696,628         0.44                  -               -               -                   -

                    (1)      The equity outcomes for the 2021 financial year short-term incentive will be determined and allocated in September 2021 and are therefore not included in the
                             above table.
                    (2)      The above weighted average fair value is determined in accordance with AASB 2 Share-based Payment in respect of recognising the share-based payment expense
                             of the award granted.




                    ORORA LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2021                                                                                                                                          121
               Notes to the
               financial statements
               FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2021




               Section 7: Other notes to the financial statements (continued)
               7.1 Share-based compensation (continued)




For personal use only
               The exercise price of the CEO Grant, Performance Rights and Performance Shares and Deferred Equity Awards are nil. The exercise price of
               Share Options outstanding at the end of the year are set out below:
                                                                                                                                          Number
               Grant date             Vesting Date            Expiry date          Exercise price                                        2021           2020

               19 Feb 2014            30 Sept 2016            30 Sept 2021         1.22                                                     -        179,561
               30 Oct 2015            30 Sept 2019            30 Sept 2024         2.08                                               226,567        307,567
               20 Oct 2016            29 Aug 2020             29 Aug 2025          2.69                                                     -      4,024,580
               20 Oct 2017            30 Aug 2021             30 Aug 2026          2.86                                             3,183,125      3,509,000
               22 Oct 2018            31 Aug 2022             31 Aug 2027          3.58                                             1,226,125      1,417,500
               Share options outstanding at end of period                                                                           4,635,817      9,438,208
               Weighted average contractual life of options oustanding at end of period                                              5.3 years      5.8 years


               Accounting policies
               The cost of the share-based compensation provided to employees is measured using the fair value at the date at which the option or right is
               granted and is recognised as an employee benefit expense in the income statement with a corresponding increase in the share-based payment
               reserve in equity. The expense is spread over the vesting period during which the employees become unconditionally entitled to the option or
               right granted. Upon exercise of the option or right, the balance of the share-based payment reserve, relating to the option or right, is
               transferred to share capital.

               At each reporting period the Group revises the estimate of the number of options that are expected to vest based on the non-market vesting
               conditions. Any impact to the revision of an original estimate is recognised in the income statement with a corresponding adjustment to the
               share-based payment reserve. The employee expense, recognised each period, reflects the most recent estimate. The fair value of options is
               measured at grant date taking into account market performance conditions, but excludes the impact of any non-market conditions (eg
               profitability and earnings growth targets). Non-market vesting conditions are included in the assumptions about the number of options that
               are expected to be exercisable.

               The fair value of each option granted is measured on the date of grant using the Black Scholes option pricing model that takes into account the
               exercise price, the vesting and performance criteria, and where applicable the market condition criteria, term of the option, impact of dilution,
               the non-tradeable nature of the option, the share price at grant date and expected price volatility of the underlying share, the expected
               dividend yield and the risk free interest rate for the term of the option.

               The fair value of rights is measured at grant date using a Monte-Carlo valuation model which simulates the date of vesting, the percentage
               vesting, the share price and total shareholder return. Once the simulated date of vesting is determined a Black-Scholes methodology is utilised
               to determine the fair value of the rights granted.

               The following weighted average assumptions were used in determining the fair value of options and rights granted during the period:

                                                                                                                                          2021        2020

               Expected dividend yield (%)                                                                                                4.30        4.10
               Expected price volatility of the Company's shares (%)                                                                     29.19       23.00
               Share price at grant date ($)                                                                                              2.56        2.98
               Risk-free interest rate - rights (%)                                                                                       0.13        0.62
               Expected life of rights (years)                                                                                            3.67        3.31

               No options were granted during the current period (2020: nil).

               The dividend yield reflects the assumption that the current dividend payout will continue with no anticipated changes. The expected life of the
               options is based on historical data and is not necessarily indicative of exercise patterns that may occur. The expected price volatility, of the
               Company’s shares, reflects the assumption that the historical volatility is indicative of future trends, which may not necessarily be the actual
               outcome.




               122                                                                                                           ORORA LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                    Notes to the
                    financial statements
                    FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2021




                    A description of the equity plans in place during the year ended 30 June 2021 is described below:




For personal use only
                                    Retention/Share Payment
                                    plan                                                       Long-term incentives                             Short-term incentive
                                                                                                          Performance Rights and
                                    CEO Grant                        Share Options                        Performance Shares                    Deferred Equity

                    Overview        The Board endorses certain       Under the long-term incentive plan, share options or performance rights    Provides an additional short-term
                                    employees as eligible to         over ordinary shares in the Company, or performance shares, may be         incentive opportunity to selected
                                    receive ordinary shares in       issued to employees. The exact terms and conditions of each award are      employees, in the form of rights to
                                    part satisfaction of their       determined by the Directors of the Company at the time of grant.           ordinary shares. The number of
                                    remuneration for the relevant    The Group has ceased offering share options under the long-term            rights that are allocated to each
                                    financial year. The number of    incentive plan. The last share option grant was issued in FY19, with       eligible employee is based on:
                                    shares issued is at the          a vesting date of 30 June 2022.                                           • 33.3% of the value of the cash
                                    discretion of the Board.                                                                                     bonus payable under the Short-
                                                                     Give the employee the right to       Give the employee the right to
                                    The restrictions on these                                                                                    Term Incentive Plan, following the
                                                                     acquire a share at a future point    receive a share at a future point
                                    shares do not allow the                                                                                      end of the performance period;
                                                                     in time upon meeting specified       in time upon meeting specified
                                    employee to dispose of                                                                                     • the volume weighted average
                                                                     vesting conditions, described        vesting conditions, as described
                                    the shares within the                                                                                        price of Orora Limited ordinary
                                                                     below, and require payment of an     below; no exercise price is payable.
                                    vesting/restriction period.                                                                                  shares for the five trading days up
                                                                     exercise price.                      The rights are granted at no
                                    The shares subject to the                                                                                    to and including 30 June, being
                                                                     The share options are granted at     consideration and carry no
                                    CEO Grant carry full dividend                                                                                the end of the performance
                                                                     no consideration and carry no        dividend entitlement or voting
                                    entitlements and voting                                                                                      period; and
                                                                     dividend entitlement or voting       rights until they vest and convert
                                    rights.                                                                                                    • where cash bonuses are
                                                                     rights until they vest and are       to ordinary shares on a one-for-
                                                                     exercised to ordinary shares         one basis.                             determined in currencies other
                                                                     on a one-for-one basis.                                                     than Australian dollars, the
                                                                                                                                                 average foreign exchange rate
                                                                                                                                                 for the same five-day period.

                    Vesting         Subject to alignment of          Subject to meeting an Earnings       For grants issued FY20 onwards,       Remain in employment of the Group
                    conditions      performance with Orora’s         per Share (EPS) hurdle, the          50% are subject to meeting a          at vesting date.
                                    Values as assessed by the        satisfaction of a Return on          relative Total Shareholder Return
                                    Board and the employee           Average Funds Employed (RoAFE)       (TSR) and the satisfaction of an
                                    remaining in employment          gateway test, and the employee       absolute TSR gateway test, and
                                    of the Group at the vesting      remaining in employment of the       50% are subject to meeting an EPS
                                    date.                            Group at the vesting date.           hurdle and the satisfaction of a
                                                                                                          RoAFE gateway test.
                                                                                                          For grants issued prior to FY20,
                                                                                                          two-thirds are subject to meeting a
                                                                                                          relative Total Shareholder Return
                                                                                                          test, the remaining one-third is
                                                                                                          subject to meeting an EPS hurdle
                                                                                                          and the satisfaction of a RoAFE
                                                                                                          gateway test.
                                                                                                          Vesting of the rights is subject
                                                                                                          to the employee remaining in
                                                                                                          employment of the Group at
                                                                                                          vesting date.

                    Vesting         Up to 5 years                    4 years                              4 years                               2 years
                    period
                    Vested          Restriction lifted upon vesting. Vested share options will remain     Shares are issued upon vesting.       Shares issued upon vesting.
                    awards                                           exercisable until the expiry date.
                                                                     On expiry, any vested but
                                                                     unexercised share options
                                                                     will lapse.

                    Unvested        Unvested awards are forfeited if the employee voluntarily ceases employment or is dismissed for cause or poor performance.
                    awards




                    ORORA LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2021                                                                                                                           123
               Notes to the
               financial statements
               FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2021




               Section 7: Other notes to the financial statements (continued)
               7.2. Auditors’ remuneration




For personal use only
               $ thousand                                                                                                                                         2021       2020

               Auditors of the Company PwC Australia
               Audit and other assurance services
                 Audit and review of financial reports                                                                                                           848.2     1,027.0
                 Other assurance services                                                                                                                            -        30.5
               Other services
                 Taxation services and advice                                                                                                                    154.8      232.5
                                                              (1)
                 Fibre divestment advisory services                                                                                                              178.0      796.8
               Total PwC Australia                                                                                                                              1,181.0    2,086.8

               Network firms of PwC Australia
               Audit and other assurance services
                 Audit and review of financial reports                                                                                                            15.0         5.0
               Other services
                 Taxation services and advice                                                                                                                     46.3        61.0
                                           (2)
                  Otherdivestment
                 Fibre             advisory services (1)
                         advisory services                                                                                                                           -        25.0
               Total Network firms of PwC Australia                                                                                                               61.3        91.0
               Total Auditors remuneration                                                                                                                      1,242.3    2,177.8

               (1)      Taxation and other related services provided in respect of the sale of the Australasian Fibre business (refer note 6.2).




               124                                                                                                                                 ORORA LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                    Notes to the
                    financial statements
                    FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2021




                    7.3. Commitments and contingent liabilities
                    Capital expenditure commitments




For personal use only
                    At 30 June 2021, the Group has capital commitments contracted but not provided for in respect of the acquisition of property, plant and
                    equipment of $20.7 million (2020: $8.5 million).

                    Other expenditure commitments
                    At 30 June 2021, the Group had other expenditure commitments of $37.1 million (2020: $38.8 million) in respect of other supplies and services
                    yet to be provided.

                    Contingent liabilities

                        A contingent liability is a liability that is not sufficiently certain to qualify for recognition as a provision where uncertainty may exist
                        regarding the outcome of future events.


                    Guarantees
                    The Group has issued a number of bank guarantees to third parties for various operational and legal purposes. In addition, Orora Limited has
                    guaranteed senior notes issued by Landsberg Orora in the US private placement market, the notes have maturities between 2023 and 2025
                    (see note 2.3). It is not expected that these guarantees will be called on.

                    Other
                    Certain entities in the Group are party to various legal actions and exposures that have arisen in the ordinary course of business. The actions
                    are being defended and the Directors are of the opinion that provisions are not required as no material losses are expected to arise.



                           JUDGEMENTS AND ESTIMATES
                           Legal proceedings
                           The outcome of currently pending and future legal, judicial, regulatory and other proceedings of a litigious nature cannot be predicted
                           with certainty. Legal proceedings can raise difficult and complex issues and are subject to many uncertainties and complexities including,
                           but not limited to, the facts and circumstances of each particular case, issues regarding the jurisdiction in which each proceeding is
                           brought and differences in applicable law.
                           An adverse decision in a legal proceeding could result in additional costs that are not covered, either wholly or partially, under insurance
                           policies, which could significantly impact the business and the results of operations of the Group.
                           Each legal proceeding is evaluated on a case-by-case basis considering all available information, including that from legal counsel, to
                           assess potential outcomes. Where it is considered probable that a future obligation will result in an outflow of resources, a provision is
                           recognised in the amount of the present value of the expected cash outflows, if these are deemed to be reliably measurable.




                    ORORA LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2021                                                                                                                   125
               Notes to the
               financial statements
               FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2021




               Section 7: Other notes to the financial statements (continued)
               7.4. Orora Limited




For personal use only
               Orora Limited financial information
               The financial information for the parent entity Orora Limited has been prepared on the same basis as the consolidated financial statements,
               except as set out below.

               Investments in subsidiaries
               In the Company’s financial statements, investments in subsidiaries are carried at cost less, where applicable, accumulated impairment losses.

               Nature of tax sharing agreement
               Upon tax consolidation, the entities within the tax-consolidated group entered into a tax sharing agreement. The terms of this agreement
               specify the methods of allocating any tax liability in the event of default by the Company on its group payment obligations and the treatment
               where a subsidiary member exits the group. The tax liability otherwise remains with the Company for tax purposes.

               Orora Limited and its wholly owned Australian resident entities have formed a tax-consolidated group and are therefore taxed as a single
               entity. The head entity within the tax-consolidated group is Orora Limited.

               The Company, and the members of the tax-consolidated group, recognise their own current tax expense/income and deferred tax assets and
               liabilities arising from temporary differences using the ‘stand-alone taxpayer’ approach by reference to the carrying amounts of assets and
               liabilities in the separate financial statements of each entity and the tax values applying under tax consolidation.

               In addition to its current and deferred tax balances, the Company also recognises the current tax liabilities (or assets), and the deferred tax
               assets arising from unused tax losses and unused tax credits assumed from members of the tax-consolidated group, as part of the tax-
               consolidation arrangement. Assets or liabilities arising as part of the tax consolidation arrangement are recognised as current amounts
               receivable or payable from the other entities within the tax-consolidated group.

               Summarised income statement and comprehensive income
                                                                                                                                               Orora Limited
               $ million                                                                                                                   2021         2020

               Continuing Operations
               Profit before related income tax expense                                                                                    209.9        474.2
               Income tax expense                                                                                                          (24.9)       (28.9)
               Profit for the financial period from continuing operations                                                                  185.0        445.3

               Discontinued Operations
               Profit from discontinued operations, net of tax                                                                               6.1           8.8
               Profit for the financial period                                                                                             191.1        454.1


               Comprehensive income for the financial period
               Continuing operations                                                                                                       190.5        440.6
               Discontinuing operations                                                                                                      6.1          9.3
               Total comprehensive income                                                                                                  196.6        449.9

               On 30 April 2020, the Group completed the sale of its Australasian Fibre business. On 29 September 2020, the Group finalised the post-close
               completion accounts process, refer note 6.2. Accordingly, the financial results of this business are presented separately as a discontinued
               operation in both the current and comparative period.




               126                                                                                                             ORORA LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                    Notes to the
                    financial statements
                    FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2021




                    Summarised balance sheet
                                                                                                                                                                              Orora Limited




For personal use only
                        $ million                                                                                                                                         2021         2020

                        Total current assets                                                                                                                              338.4           237.0
                        Total non-current assets                                                                                                                        1,190.9         1,245.1
                        Total assets                                                                                                                                    1,529.3         1,482.1

                        Total current liabilities                                                                                                                         524.1           472.7
                        Total non-current liabilities                                                                                                                     225.2            57.8
                        Total liabilities                                                                                                                                 749.3           530.5

                        Net assets                                                                                                                                        780.0           951.6

                        Equity
                        Contributed equity                                                                                                                                 80.8           333.6
                        Reserves:
                          Share-based payment reserve                                                                                                                       8.7            11.1
                          Cash flow hedge reserve                                                                                                                           1.8            (3.7)
                        Retained profits (1)                                                                                                                              688.7           610.6
                        Total equity                                                                                                                                      780.0           951.6

                    (1)      In the comparative period the opening position for retained profits was reduced by $25.5 million as a result impact of the adoption of AASB 16 Leases and a reduction
                             of $0.8 million in respect of the change in accounting policy in response to the International Financial Reporting Interpretation Committee (IFRIC) agenda decision
                             regarding upfront configuration and customisation costs incurred in implementing Systems-as-a-Service (SaaS) arrangements. Refer note 7.8 for more information.


                    Contingent liabilities of Orora Limited
                    Deed of Cross Guarantee
                    Pursuant to the terms of the ASIC Corporations (Wholly-Owned Companies) Instrument 2016/785, which relieved certain wholly owned
                    subsidiaries from specific accounting and financial reporting requirements, Orora Limited and all of the Company’s Australian wholly-owned
                    subsidiaries entered into an approved deed for the cross guarantee of liabilities. No liabilities subject to the Deed of Cross Guarantee at 30 June
                    2021 are expected to arise to Orora Limited and subsidiaries, as all such subsidiaries were financially sound and solvent at that date.

                    Details of the deed and the consolidated financial position of the Company and the subsidiaries party to the Deed are set out in note 7.5.

                    Other guarantees
                    Orora Limited has guaranteed senior notes issued by Landsberg Orora in the US private placement market, the notes have maturities between
                    2023 and 2025 (see note 2.3). It is not expected that these guarantees will be called on.

                    7.5. Deed of Cross Guarantee
                    The Company, Orora Limited, and the subsidiaries listed below are subject to a Deed of Cross Guarantee (Deed) under which each company
                    guarantees the debts of the others:

                    Orora Packaging Australia Pty Ltd                     Chapview Pty Ltd                                    PP New Pty Ltd(1)
                    Pak Pacific Corporation Pty Ltd                       AGAL Holdings Pty Ltd                               AP Chase Pty Ltd(1)
                    Fibre Containers (Queensland) Pty Ltd                 Rota Die Pty Ltd                                    Speciality Packaging Group Pty Ltd(1)
                    Orora Closure Systems Pty Ltd                         Envirocrates Pty Ltd                                Rota Die International Pty Ltd(1)
                    ACN 002693843 Box Pty Ltd                             ACN 089523919 CCC Pty Ltd
                    Lynyork Pty Ltd

                    (1)      These subsidiaries were disposed of on 30 April 2020 as part of the Australasian Fibre business divestment, refer note 6.2. The financial results of these businesses are
                             included within the comparative period and are presented as a discontinued operation within this note.


                    Under the terms of ASIC Corporations (Wholly-Owned Companies) Instrument 2016/785, those wholly-owned subsidiaries that have entered
                    into the Deed are granted relief from the Corporations Act 2001 requirement to prepare and lodge audited Financial Reports and Directors’
                    Reports.




                    ORORA LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2021                                                                                                                                               127
               Notes to the
               financial statements
               FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2021




               Section 7: Other notes to the financial statements (continued)
               7.5 Deed of Cross Guarantee (continued)




For personal use only
               Financial statements for the Orora Limited Deed of Cross Guarantee
               The consolidated income statement, statement of comprehensive income and statement of financial position of the entities party to the Deed
               for the year ended and as at 30 June, are set out below.

               Consolidated income statement, statement of comprehensive income and retained earnings.
               $ million                                                                                                                                                   2021          2020

               Continuing Operations
               Sales revenue                                                                                                                                               727.2        683.6
               Profit from operations                                                                                                                                      229.8        337.8
               Net finance costs                                                                                                                                            (9.8)       (22.4)
               Profit before related income tax expense                                                                                                                    220.0        315.4
               Income tax expense                                                                                                                                          (20.9)        (35.1)
               Profit from continuing operations                                                                                                                           199.1        280.3

               Discontinued Operations
                                                                      (1)
               Profit/(loss) from discontinued operations, net of tax                                                                                                        6.1          (8.2)
               Profit for the financial period                                                                                                                             205.2        272.1

               Other comprehensive income/(expense)
               Items that may be reclassified to profit or loss:
               Cash flow hedge reserve
               Unrealised gains/(losses) on cash flow hedges, net of tax                                                                                                     2.0          (3.4)
               Realised losses/(gains) transferred to profit or loss, net of tax                                                                                             3.7          (0.6)
               Realised gains transferred to non-financial assets, net of tax                                                                                                  -          (0.1)

               Other comprehensive income/(expense), net of tax                                                                                                              5.7          (4.1)
               Total comprehensive income for the financial period                                                                                                         210.9        268.0


               Total comprehensive income/(expense) for the financial period attributable to:
               Continuing operations                                                                                                                                       204.8        275.6
               Discontinuing operations                                                                                                                                      6.1         (7.6)
               Total comprehensive income for the financial period                                                                                                         210.9        268.0


               Retained profits at beginning of financial period                                                                                                           679.6      1,042.4
               Impact of change in accounting policy (refer note 7.8) (2)                                                                                                       -        (28.3)
               Restated retained profits at beginning of financial period                                                                                                 679.6       1,014.1
               Profit for the financial period                                                                                                                            205.2         272.1
               Dividends recognised during the financial period                                                                                                          (113.0)       (606.6)
               Retained profits at end of the financial period                                                                                                             771.8        679.6

               (1)      On 30 April 2020, the Group completed the sale of its Australasian Fibre business. On 29 September 2020, the Group finalised the post-close completion accounts
                        process, refer note 6.2. Accordingly, the financial results of this business are presented separately as a discontinued operation in both the current and comparative
                        period.
               (2)      In the comparative period the opening position for retained profits was reduced by $27.5 million as a result impact of the adoption of AASB 16 Leases and a reduction
                        of $0.8 million in respect of the change in accounting policy in response to the International Financial Reporting Interpretation Committee (IFRIC) agenda decision
                        regarding upfront configuration and customisation costs incurred in implementing Systems-as-a-Service (SaaS) arrangements. Refer note 7.8 for more information.




               128                                                                                                                                    ORORA LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                    Notes to the
                    financial statements
                    FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2021




                    Consolidated balance sheet
                    $ million                                         2021      2020




For personal use only
                                                                0
                        Current assets
                        Cash and cash equivalents                     10.6      19.4
                        Trade and other receivables                  139.6      45.0
                        Inventories                                  176.6     174.3
                        Derivatives                                    4.2       1.0
                        Other current assets                          12.7      11.8
                        Current tax receivable                           -      32.4
                        Total current assets                         343.7     283.9

                        Non-current assets
                        Investments in controlled entities            567.7     567.7
                        Property, plant and equipment                 456.6     469.9
                        Right-of-use assets                            13.1      20.3
                        Deferred tax assets                            11.6      13.6
                        Goodwill and intangible assets                 22.4      18.6
                        Derivatives                                     0.5       0.9
                        Other non-current assets                       11.1      46.1
                        Total non-current assets                    1,083.0   1,137.1
                        Total assets                                1,426.7   1,421.0

                        Current liabilities
                        Trade and other payables                     223.8     212.4
                        Borrowings                                     0.1       4.2
                        Lease liabilities                              4.4       5.6
                        Derivatives                                    2.3       7.0
                        Current tax liabilities                        4.2          -
                        Provisions                                    61.6      71.2
                        Total current liabilities                    296.4     300.4

                        Non-current liabilities
                        Other payables                                 1.5         -
                        Borrowings                                   180.0      19.0
                        Lease liabilities                             17.3      20.2
                        Derivatives                                    0.4       1.9
                        Provisions                                    28.3      19.4
                        Total non-current liabilities                227.5      60.5
                        Total liabilities                            523.9     360.9

                        NET ASSETS                                   902.8    1,060.1


                        Equity
                        Contributed equity                           127.4     335.2
                        Treasury shares                              (46.6)     (1.6)
                        Reserves                                      50.2      46.9
                        Retained earnings                            771.8     679.6
                        TOTAL EQUITY                                 902.8    1,060.1




                    ORORA LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2021                                    129
               Notes to the
               financial statements
               FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2021




               Section 7: Other notes to the financial statements (continued)
               7.6. Related party transactions




For personal use only
                     The related parties identified by the Directors include investments and key management personnel.
                     Details of investment in subsidiaries are disclosed in note 6.1 and details of the Orora Employee Share Trust are provided in note 6.3.
                     The Group does not hold any interests in associates or joint ventures.


               7.6.1. Parent entity
               The ultimate parent entity within the Orora Group is Orora Limited, which is domiciled and incorporated in Australia. Transactions with entities
               in the wholly owned Orora Group are made on normal commercial terms and conditions and during the year included:
               •      purchases and sales of goods and services;
               •      advancement and repayment of loans;
               •      interest expense paid by Orora Limited for money borrowed;
               •      transfer of tax related balances for tax consolidation purposes;
               •      provision of transactional banking facilities on behalf of subsidiaries; and
               •      provision of payroll, superannuation, share-based remuneration and managerial assistance.

               7.6.2. Other related parties
               Contributions to superannuation funds on behalf of employees are disclosed in note 1.5.

               7.7. Key Management Personnel
               Key Management Personnel (KMP) consists of Orora Limited Executive and Non-Executive Directors and the Chief Financial Officer.
               Key management personnel compensation is as follows:

               $ thousand                                                                                                                                        2021           2020

               Short-term employee benefits                                                                                                                      4,373         4,613
               Long-term employee benefits                                                                                                                          41           127
               Post employment benefits                                                                                                                            141           170
               Payments on retirement                                                                                                                              337           520
                                            (1)
               Share-based payment expense                                                                                                                         (86)        1,340
                                                                                                                                                                 4,806         6,770

               (1)      The current period value of share-based payment expense includes negative amounts relating to options and rights that did not vest during the period as non-market
                        conditions were not met and for rights that were forfeited upon retirement.



               Detailed remuneration disclosures are provided in the Remuneration Report section of the Directors’ Report. Apart from the information
               disclosed in this note, no Director has entered into a material contract with the Group this financial year and there were no material contracts
               involving Directors’ interests existing at year end (2020: nil).

               At 30 June 2021, no individual KMP or related party holds a loan with the Group (2020: nil).




               130                                                                                                                                ORORA LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                    Notes to the
                    financial statements
                    FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2021




                    7.8. New and amended accounting standards and interpretations
                    7.8.1. Adopted from 1 July 2020




For personal use only
                    All new and amended Australian Accounting Standards and Interpretations mandatory as at 1 July 2020 to the Group have been adopted,
                    including implementation of IFRIC Agenda decisions.

                    Implementation of IFRIC Agenda Decision – Configuration or Customisation Costs in a Cloud Computing Arrangement
                    SaaS arrangements are service contracts providing the Group with the right to access the cloud provider’s application software over the
                    contract period. During the year, the Group revised its accounting in relation to upfront configuration and customisation costs incurred in
                    implementing Service-as-a Service (SaaS) arrangements in response to the IFRIC agenda decision clarifying its interpretation of how current
                    accounting standards apply to these types of arrangements. The new accounting policy is presented below and historical financial information
                    has been restated to account for the impact of the change.

                    Capitalisation of configuration and customisation costs in SaaS arrangements
                    Customisation and configuration activities undertaken in implementing a SaaS arrangement may entail the development of software code that
                    enhances, modifies, or creates additional capability to existing software to enable it to connect with the cloud-based software applications—
                    referred to as bridging modules or Application Programming Interfaces (API’s). Judgement is required when determining whether the cost
                    incurred to create the additional code meet the definition and recognition requirements of an intangible asset. Where an intangible asset is
                    identified the costs are capitalised and amortised over the useful life of the asset on a straight-line basis, otherwise the costs are expensed. The
                    useful lives of these assets are reviewed at least at the end of each financial year.

                    Configuration and customisation services distinct from SaaS service
                    Costs incurred to configure or customise, and the ongoing fees to obtain access to the cloud provider’s application software, are recognised
                    as operating expenses when the services are received. In a contract where the cloud provider provides both the SaaS configuration and
                    customisation, and access to the SaaS over the contract term, judgement is applied to determine whether these services are distinct from each
                    other or not. Where the services are distinct from each other the configuration and customisation costs incurred are expensed as the software
                    is configured and customised – i.e. recognised as operating expenses when the service is received, where the costs are not distinct they are
                    recognised over the term of the SaaS contract – i.e. capitalised and amortised over the life of the SaaS contract term.

                    Financial statement restatement for the impact of the change in accounting policy
                    The change in accounting policy has been applied retrospectively and comparative information has been restated. This had the following
                    impact on the amounts recognised in the financial statements.
                                                                                                                                          Increase/(decrease)
                     $ million                                                                                    30 June 2021 30 June 2020        1 July 2019

                        Statement of financial position (extract)
                        Goodwill and intangible assets                                                                          (0.7)          (1.0)           (0.8)
                        Net deferred tax liability                                                                                  -          (0.2)              -
                        Current tax payable                                                                                         -           0.2               -
                        Retained earnings                                                                                       (0.7)          (1.0)           (0.8)

                        Statement of comprehensive income (extract)
                        General and administrative expenses                                                                      0.7            1.0             0.8
                        Profit after tax                                                                                        (0.7)          (1.0)           (0.8)

                        Cash flow statement (extract)
                        Profit for the financial period from continuing operations                                              (0.7)          (1.0)           (0.8)
                        Amortisation of intangible assets                                                                           -          (0.2)              -
                        Cash flow from operating activities                                                                     (0.7)          (1.2)           (0.8)
                        Payments for property, plant and equipment and intangible assets                                         0.7            1.2             0.8
                        Cash flows from investing activities                                                                     0.7            1.2             0.8

                    Basic and diluted earnings per share for the comparative period have also been restated. The amount of the adjustment for both basic and
                    diluted per share was a decrease of $0.1 cents.




                    ORORA LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2021                                                                                                                  131
               Notes to the
               financial statements
               FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2021




               7.8 New and amended accounting standards and interpretations (continued)
               7.8.2. Adopted from 1 July 2019




For personal use only
               AASB 16 Leases
               AASB 16 replaced the dual operating/finance lease accounting model for leases under AASB 117 Leases and the guidance contained in
               Interpretation 4 Determining whether an Arrangement Contains a Lease. The new standard introduced a single, on-balance sheet accounting
               model, similar to the finance lease accounting under AASB 117. Under the new standard the Group recognises a ‘right-of-use’ asset and a lease
               liability for all identified leases, unless the lease term is 12 months or less or the underlying asset has a low value. The Group has had to change
               its accounting policies as a result of adopting AASB 16. Refer note 3.6 for the Group’s accounting policies on lease accounting.
               Under AASB 16 the operating lease expense recognised in the income statement, in accordance with AASB 117, is replaced with a depreciation
               charge in respect of the right-of-use assets recognised and an interest charge on the recognised lease liability. Short-term leasing costs will
               continue to be recognised in the income statement. In addition, under AASB 16 lease payments are allocated between principal and finance
               costs. The principal component of the lease payment is classified as a financing cash flow rather than the operating cash flow presentation
               under AASB 117.
               The new lease standard impacts leases held by the Group that were classified under AASB 117 as operating leases, these are represented
               mainly by leases over properties, equipment and vehicles.

               Impact on the adoption of AASB 16
               The Group elected to use the modified retrospective approach with respect to the adoption of AASB 16. As permitted under the specific
               transition provisions within the standard, under the modified retrospective approach the cumulative effect of adoption of AASB 16 is
               recognised as an adjustment to the opening balance of retained earnings at 1 July 2019. There was no restatement of comparative information.
               In applying AASB 16 for the first time, the Group used the following practical expedients permitted by the standard:
               •    accounting for operating leases with a remaining lease term of less than 12 months at 1 July 2019 as short-term leases;
               •    excluding initial direct costs from the measurement of the right-of-use asset at the date of initial application; and
               •    using hindsight in determining the lease term where the contract contains options to extend or terminate the lease.

               On transition to the new lease accounting standard the Group has applied the practical expedient to grandfather the definition of a lease. This
               means that on transition the Group has retained the lease classifications of existing contracts under AASB 117 and Interpretation 4 and has not
               reassessed whether existing contracts are or contain a lease.

               Adjustments recognised in the statement of financial position on 1 July 2019
               The impact upon the financial position of the Group of transition to AASB 16 is summarised as follows:
               $ million                                                                                                                           1 July 2019

               Right-of use asset
                 Property                                                                                                                               453.4
                 Plant and Equipment                                                                                                                     34.7
               Deferred tax asset                                                                                                                        29.6
               Total assets                                                                                                                             517.7
               Onerous lease provision                                                                                                                    0.8
               Other payables                                                                                                                             7.0
               Lease liabilities                                                                                                                       (595.3)
               Total liabilities                                                                                                                       (587.5)
               Retained earnings                                                                                                                         69.8


               7.8.3. Issued but not yet effective
               There are a number of new and amending accounting standard issued by the AASB that are effective for annual reporting periods beginning
               after 1 January 2021, with early adoption permitted. These standards have not been early adopted and have therefore not been applied in
               preparing this financial report. The following amending standards are not expected to have a significant impact upon the Groups’ consolidated
               financial statements:
               •    AASB 2020-1 and AASB 2020-6 Amendments to Australian Accounting Standards – Classification of Liabilities as Current or Non-Current
               •    AASB 2020-3 Amendments to Australian Accounting Standards – Annual Improvements 2018-2020 and Other Amendments
               •    AASB 2020-8 Amendments to Australian Accounting Standards – Interest Rate Benchmark Reform – Phase 2
               •    AASB 2021-2 Amendments to Australian Accounting Standards – Disclosure of Accounting Policies and Definition of Account Estimates
               •    AASB 2021-3 Amendments to Australian Accounting Standards – Covid-19-Related Rent Concessions beyond 30 June 2021
               •    AASB 2021-5 Amendments to Australian Accounting Standards – Deferred Tax related to Assets and Liabilities arising from a Single
                    Transaction




               132                                                                                                             ORORA LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                    Directors’
                    Declaration
                    1. In the opinion of the Directors of Orora Limited (the Company):




For personal use only
                            (a)   the financial statements and notes, and the Remuneration Report within the Directors’ Report, are in accordance with the
                                  Corporations Act 2001 including:

                                    i.    complying with Australian Accounting Standards, the Corporations Regulations 2001 and other mandatory professional
                                          reporting requirements; and

                                    ii.   giving a true and fair view of the Orora Group’s financial position as at 30 June 2021 and its performance for the year
                                          ended on that date; and

                            (b)   there are reasonable grounds to believe that the Company will be able to pay its debts as and when they become due and payable.

                    2. Within the notes to the financial statements it is confirmed that the financial statements also comply with International Financial Reporting
                       Standards as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board.

                    3. At the date of this declaration, there are reasonable grounds to believe that the Company and the consolidated entities identified in note
                       7.5 will be able to meet any obligations or liabilities to which they are or may become subject by virtue of the Deed of Cross Guarantee
                       between the Company and those consolidated entities pursuant to ASIC Corporations (Wholly-Owned Companies) Instrument 2016/785.

                    4. The Directors have been given the declarations required by section 295A of the Corporations Act 2001 by the Managing Director and Chief
                       Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer for the financial year ended 30 June 2021.

                    Signed in accordance with a resolution of the Directors.




                    A R SINDEL
                    CHAIR

                    19 August 2021




                    ORORA LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2021                                                                                                                133
               Independent Auditor's Report to
               the Members of Orora Limited




For personal use only
               REPORT ON THE AUDIT OF THE FINANCIAL REPORT
               Our opinion
               In our opinion:
               The accompanying financial report of Orora Limited (the Company) and its controlled entities (together the Group) is in accordance with the
               Corporations Act 2001, including:

               (a)      giving a true and fair view of the Group's financial position as at 30 June 2021 and of its financial performance for the year then ended
               (b)      complying with Australian Accounting Standards and the Corporations Regulations 2001.


               What we have audited
               The Group financial report comprises:

               •     the statement of financial position as at 30 June 2021
               •     the income statement for the year then ended
               •     the statement of comprehensive income for the year then ended
               •     the statement of changes in equity for the year then ended
               •     the cash flow statement for the year then ended
               •     the notes to the financial statements, which include significant accounting policies and other explanatory information
               •     the directors’ declaration.

               Basis for opinion
               We conducted our audit in accordance with Australian Auditing Standards. Our responsibilities under those standards are further described in
               the Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the financial report section of our report.

               We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.

               Independence
               We are independent of the Group in accordance with the auditor independence requirements of the Corporations Act 2001 and the ethical
               requirements of the Accounting Professional & Ethical Standards Board’s APES 110 Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants (including
               Independence Standards) (the Code) that are relevant to our audit of the financial report in Australia. We have also fulfilled our other ethical
               responsibilities in accordance with the Code.




               Pricewaterhouse Coopers
               2 Riverside Quay, SOUTHBANK VIC 3006, GOP Box 1331, MELBOURNE VIC 3001
               T: 61 3 8603 1000, F: 61 3 8603 1999, www.pwc.com.au
               ABN 52 780 433 757
               Liability limited by a scheme approved under Professional Standards Legislation.




               134                                                                                                              ORORA LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                    Independent auditor’s report
                    to the members of Orora Limited



                    Our audit approach
                    An audit is designed to provide reasonable assurance about whether the financial report is free from material misstatement. Misstatements




For personal use only
                    may arise due to fraud or error. They are considered material if individually or in aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the
                    economic decisions of users taken on the basis of the financial report.

                    We tailored the scope of our audit to ensure that we performed enough work to be able to give an opinion on the financial report as a whole,
                    taking into account the geographic and management structure of the Group, its accounting processes and controls and the industry in which it
                    operates.

                    Orora Limited is an Australian company listed on the Australian Stock Exchange. Orora manufactures and distributes a wide range of tailored
                    packaging solutions. The Group also offers end-to-end packaging solutions, including global product sourcing, distribution, design, printing and
                    warehousing optimisation.




                    Materiality                                                             Audit scope

                    •   For the purpose of our audit we used overall Group materiality of •     Our audit focused on where the Group made subjective
                        $12.4 million, which represents approximately 5% of the Group’s         judgements; for example, significant accounting estimates
                        profit from operations (being profit before net finance costs and       involving assumptions and inherently uncertain future events.
                        income tax expense), excluding significant items.                 •     Orora operates across two operating segments, being Orora
                    •   We applied this threshold, together with qualitative                    Australasia and Orora North America, with its head office
                        considerations, to determine the scope of our audit and the             functions based in Melbourne, Australia.
                        nature, timing and extent of our audit procedures and to evaluate •     We tailored the scope of our audit to ensure that we performed
                        the effect of misstatements on the financial report as a whole.         enough work to be able to give an opinion on the financial report
                    •   We chose Group profit from operations because, in our view, it is       as a whole, taking into account the geographic and management
                        the benchmark against which the performance of the Group is             structure of the Group, its accounting processes and controls and
                        most commonly measured. We also adjusted for significant items          the industry in which it operates.
                        as they are unusual or infrequently occurring items impacting
                        profit and loss.
                    •   We utilised a 5% threshold based on our professional judgement,
                        noting it is within the range of commonly acceptable thresholds.




                    ORORA LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2021                                                                                                            135
               Independent auditor’s report
               to the members of Orora Limited



               Key audit matters
               Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgement, were of most significance in our audit of the financial report for the




For personal use only
               current period. The key audit matters were addressed in the context of our audit of the financial report as a whole, and in forming our opinion
               thereon, and we do not provide a separate opinion on these matters. Further, any commentary on the outcomes of a particular audit
               procedure is made in that context. We communicated the key audit matters to the Audit, Risk and Compliance Committee.

               Key audit matter                                                                   How our audit addressed the key audit matter
               Impairment of non-current assets including property, plant and                     We evaluated Orora’s cash flow forecasts used to assess the carrying
               equipment, intangible assets and goodwill                                          value of cash generating units. This included updating our
               (Refer to note 3.5 Property, plant and equipment, note 3.7 Intangible assets and   understanding of how the budgets and forecasts were compiled and
               note 3.8 Impairment of non-financial assets)                                       comparing those used in the cash flow forecasts to the latest Board
               At 30 June 2021, Orora had property, plant and equipment assets of                 approved FY22 budget and FY23 – FY25 strategic plan. We also
               $627.5 million and goodwill and intangible assets of $411.2 million.               tested, on a sample basis, the calculations in the cash flow forecast
               These assets are tested for impairment using a discounted cash flow                model for mathematical accuracy.
               model in accordance with Note 3.8, whereby goodwill is tested at                   We assessed whether the division of the Group’s property, plant and
               least annually, and property, plant and equipment is tested where                  equipment, goodwill and intangible assets into CGUs was consistent
               there is an indication that an asset may be impaired.                              with our knowledge of the Group’s operations and internal Group
               Recoverable amounts are estimated for an individual asset, or if it is             reporting.
               not possible to estimate for an individual asset, the recoverable                  We assessed whether the CGUs included assets, liabilities and cash
               amount of the cash generating unit (CGU) to which the asset belongs.               flows directly attributable to each CGU and a reasonable allocation of
               CGUs are the smallest identifiable group of assets that generate cash              corporate assets and overheads.
               inflows that are largely independent from the cash flows of other
               assets or group of assets.                                                         We compared actual historical results to budget to assess the level of
                                                                                                  the Group’s accuracy in forecasting cash flows.
               We considered this to be a key audit matter because of the level of
               judgement involved by the Group in determining the assumptions                     With the assistance of PwC valuation experts, we evaluated the
               used to perform impairment testing.                                                appropriateness of Orora’s discount rate assumptions used in the
                                                                                                  cash flow forecasts.
               In undertaking impairment testing, the following assumptions were
               judgemental:                                                                       We evaluated the long term growth rates based on relevant external
                                                                                                  market factors.
               •    cash flow projections for five years using the Group’s latest
                    internal forecasts, with cash flows beyond the five-year period               We compared recoverable amount calculations to the Group’s market
                    extrapolated using estimated growth rates which are determined                capitalisation and considered the Group’s sensitivity calculations over
                    with regard to the long term performance of each CGU in their                 a selection of the forecast cash flows.
                    respective markets (“long term growth rates”)                                 We also considered the reasonableness of disclosures in light of the
                                                                                                  requirements of Australian Accounting Standards.
               •    discount rates used to discount the estimated cash flows.

               Decommissioning Costs                                                              We obtained Orora’s calculation of the estimated costs to complete
               (Refer to note 1.2 Significant Items)                                              the Petrie site decommissioning work and performed the following
               Orora recognised a significant item expense of $38.6 million ($27.0                audit procedures, amongst others, for the year ended 30 June 2021:
               million after tax) during the year for decommissioning costs.                      • we tested the mathematical accuracy of the calculations;
               These relate to additional costs associated with the decommissioning               •   we considered the progression of decommissioning activities
               of the former Petrie Mill site in Queensland. Recent significant                       completed, through discussions with senior management and
               developments associated with the unprecedented rainfall levels in                      inspection of land packages agreed between the Group and the
               Queensland and unforeseen complexities related to the remediation                      customer, where applicable;
               of the remaining most technical complex areas of the site, have
                                                                                                  •   we made inquiries of the specialist environmental consulting firm
               resulted in delays and increased estimated costs to complete.
                                                                                                      engaged by the Group;
               We considered this to be a key audit matter because of the financial
               significance of the expense and the judgement and complexity                       •   we compared, on a sample basis, costs incurred during the year
               required by the Group in calculating the costs to complete.                            to budgets;
                                                                                                  •   we compared a selection of cost estimates, where possible, to
                                                                                                      third party quotes; and
                                                                                                  •   we considered the appropriateness of Group’s significant
                                                                                                      assumptions and tested, on a sample basis, the data used in the
                                                                                                      Group’s calculations by reference to supporting documentation,
                                                                                                      including invoices and third party quotes.
                                                                                                  We also considered the reasonableness of disclosures in light of the
                                                                                                  requirements of Australian Accounting Standards.




               136                                                                                                                      ORORA LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                    Independent auditor’s report
                    to the members of Orora Limited



                    Other information
                    The directors are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises the information included in the annual report for the




For personal use only
                    year ended 30 June 2021, but does not include the financial report and our auditor’s report thereon.

                    Our opinion on the financial report does not cover the other information and accordingly we do not express any form of assurance conclusion
                    thereon.

                    In connection with our audit of the financial report, our responsibility is to read the other information and, in doing so, consider whether the
                    other information is materially inconsistent with the financial report or our knowledge obtained in the audit, or otherwise appears to be
                    materially misstated.

                    If, based on the work we have performed on the other information that we obtained prior to the date of this auditor’s report, we conclude that
                    there is a material misstatement of this other information, we are required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.

                    Responsibilities of the directors for the financial report
                    The directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation of the financial report that gives a true and fair view in accordance with
                    Australian Accounting Standards and the Corporations Act 2001 and for such internal control as the directors determine is necessary to enable
                    the preparation of the financial report that gives a true and fair view and is free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.

                    In preparing the financial report, the directors are responsible for assessing the ability of the Group to continue as a going concern, disclosing,
                    as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concern basis of accounting unless the directors either intend to liquidate
                    the Group or to cease operations, or have no realistic alternative but to do so.

                    Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the financial report
                    Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial report as a whole is free from material misstatement, whether
                    due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that includes our opinion. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a
                    guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with the Australian Auditing Standards will always detect a material misstatement when it
                    exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be
                    expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of the financial report.

                    A further description of our responsibilities for the audit of the financial report is located at the Auditing and Assurance Standards Board
                    website at: https://www.auasb.gov.au/admin/file/content102/c3/ar1_2020.pdf. This description forms part of our auditor's report.




                    ORORA LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2021                                                                                                               137
               Independent auditor’s report
               to the members of Orora Limited




For personal use only
               REPORT ON THE AUDIT OF THE FINANCIAL REPORT
               Our opinion on the remuneration report
               We have audited the remuneration report included in pages 47 to 63 of the directors’ report for the year ended 30 June 2021.

               In our opinion, the remuneration report of Orora Limited for the year ended 30 June 2021 complies with section 300A of the
               Corporations Act 2001.

               Responsibilities
               The directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation and presentation of the remuneration report in accordance with section
               300A of the Corporations Act 2001. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the remuneration report, based on our audit conducted in
               accordance with Australian Auditing Standards.




               PricewaterhouseCoopers




               ANTON LINSCHOTEN
               PARTNER
               PricewaterhouseCoopers

               Melbourne
               19 August 2021




               138                                                                                                        ORORA LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                    Statement
                    of shareholdings
                    Statement pursuant to Australian Securities Exchange official list requirements.

                    TOP 20 SHAREHOLDERS AS AT 27 JULY 2021




For personal use only
                    Rank            Name                                                                                                                    Shares held      % of issued capital

                    1               HSBC CUSTODY NOMINEES (AUSTRALIA) LIMITED                                                                             335,409,387                      38.29
                    2               J P MORGAN NOMINEES AUSTRALIA PTY LIMITED                                                                             124,278,517                      14.19
                    3               CITICORP NOMINEES PTY LIMITED                                                                                         103,617,231                      11.83
                    4               NATIONAL NOMINEES LIMITED                                                                                               43,986,259                       5.02
                    5               BNP PARIBAS NOMS PTY LTD                                                                                                22,184,054                       2.53
                    6               BNP PARIBAS NOMINEES PTY LTD                                                                                            11,091,025                       1.27
                    7               HSBC CUSTODY NOMINEES (AUSTRALIA) LIMITED                                                                                8,366,612                       0.96
                    8               NETWEALTH INVESTMENTS LIMITED                                                                                            4,667,336                       0.53
                    9               CITICORP NOMINEES PTY LIMITED                                                                                            3,879,287                       0.44
                    10              PACIFIC CUSTODIANS PTY LIMITED                                                                                           3,562,454                       0.41
                    11              NAVIGATOR AUSTRALIA LTD                                                                                                  2,584,706                       0.30
                    12              BNP PARIBAS NOMINEES PTY LTD SIX SIS LTD                                                                                 2,475,323                       0.28
                    13              BKI INVESTMENT COMPANY LIMITED                                                                                           1,600,000                       0.18
                    14              HSBC CUSTODY NOMINEES (AUSTRALIA) LIMITED - A/C 2                                                                        1,599,326                       0.18
                    15              HSBC CUSTODY NOMINEES (AUSTRALIA) LIMITED-GSCO ECA                                                                       1,487,964                       0.17
                    16              INVIA CUSTODIAN PTY LIMITED                                                                                              1,410,176                       0.16
                    17              BUTTONWOOD NOMINEES PTY LTD                                                                                              1,259,940                       0.14
                    18              THE MANLY HOTELS PTY LTD                                                                                                 1,258,507                       0.14
                    19              UBS NOMINEES PTY LTD                                                                                                     1,187,076                       0.14
                    20              BNP PARIBAS NOMINEES PTY LTD BARCLAYS                                                                                    1,140,633                       0.13
                    Total                                                                                                                                677,045,813                       77.29


                    SUBSTANTIAL SHAREHOLDERS AS AT 27 JULY 2021
                                                                                                                                                          Last Notice of
                                                                                                                                                            Substantial
                    Holder                                                                                                                                 Shareholding              No. of Shares

                    Yarra Management Nominees Pty Ltd                                                                                                     24 June 2021                49,513,780
                    Greencape Capital Pty Ltd                                                                                                       2 December 2020                   67,295,855
                    Challenger Limited                                                                                                            30 November 2020                    66,595,055
                    The Vanguard Group, Inc.                                                                                                       18 December 2018                 48,284,772(1)

                    (1)     Calculated based on number of shareholding reported in the latest notice to ASX, on a basis of each five shares to be consolidated to four shares, fractions rounded up
                            to the next whole number.




                    ORORA LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2021                                                                                                                                          139
               Statement
               of shareholdings



               DISTRIBUTION OF SHAREHOLDINGS
               Fully paid ordinary shares as at 27 July 2021




For personal use only
               Range                                                                                  No. of holders.        No. of shares   % of issued capital

               100,001 and Over                                                                                 124         703,503,185                  80.31
               10,001 to 100,000                                                                              3,765           78,506,393                   8.96
               5,001 to 10,000                                                                                5,452           38,549,558                   4.40
               1,001 to 5,000                                                                                19,531           47,880,102                   5.47
               1 to 1,000                                                                                    15,350            7,586,545                   0.87
               Total                                                                                         44,222         876,025,783                 100.00
               Unmarketable Parcels                                                                           1,757               86,915                   0.01


               VOTING RIGHTS
               Votes of shareholders are governed by Rules 17 and 18 of the Company’s Constitution. In broad summary, but without prejudice to the
               provisions of these rules, on a show of hands every shareholder present in person shall have one vote and upon a poll every shareholder
               present in person, or by proxy or attorney, shall have one vote for every fully paid share held.

               UNQUOTED EQUITY SECURITIES — ISSUED PURSUANT TO VARIOUS
               ORORA LIMITED EMPLOYEE INCENTIVE PLANS AS AT 27 JULY 2021
               Unquoted equity securities                                                                   No. of employees participating     No. of securities

               Options over ordinary shares – exercise price $2.08                                                                      1              226,567
               Options over ordinary shares – exercise price $2.86                                                                      6            3,183,125
               Options over ordinary shares – exercise price $3.58                                                                      6            1,226,125
               Rights                                                                                                                  44            5,372,462




               140                                                                                                         ORORA LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                    Five year historical
                    financial information
                    Results shown for all operations before significant items except where indicated(1)
                    $ million (except where indicated)




For personal use only
                    For the years ended 30 June                                                                    2021               2020               2019              2018               2017
                    Orora Consolidated Results
                    Net sales                                                                                    3,538.0            4,659.1           4,761.5            4,248.0            4,039.1
                    Operating profit before interest and tax pre significant items                                 249.1              288.2             335.2              323.4              302.3
                    Operating profit before tax pre significant items                                              216.3              230.4             295.8              288.9              264.7
                    Net operating profit pre significant items                                                     156.7              167.3             217.0              214.1              186.2
                    Net operating profit after significant items                                                   135.8              238.9             161.2              212.2              171.1
                    Basic earnings per share (cents) pre significant items                                          16.9               17.4               18.0              17.8               15.6
                    Basic earnings per share (cents) after significant items                                        14.6               24.8               13.4              17.7               14.3
                    Dividend and distribution                                                                      113.0            606.6(2)            156.7              144.2              119.6
                    Dividend per ordinary share (cents)                                                             14.0             49.3(2)              13.0              12.5               11.0
                    Dividend franking (% p.a)                                                                           -       30%/50%(3)              30%(4)               30%               30%
                    Dividend cover (times)                                                                            9.7                4.8              12.4              17.0               15.6
                    Financial Ratios
                    Net tangible asset backing per share ($)                                                      0.37(5)            0.60(6)              0.85              0.94               0.91
                    Net PBITDA interest cover pre significant items (times)                                         11.2                 7.6              11.9              12.9               11.1
                    Gearing (net debt/net debt and shareholders’ equity) (%)                                         37%               22%                29%                29%               30%
                    Return on average funds employed (%)(7)                                                        19.9%             12.0%              13.0%              14.0%             13.6%
                    Financial Statistics
                    Income from dividends and interest                                                                0.2                0.6               0.4                0.3                0.2
                    Depreciation and amortisation provided during the year                                         120.2              149.2             132.9              121.9              116.1
                    Net finance costs                                                                               32.8               57.8               39.4              34.5               37.6
                    Cash flow from operations                                                                      270.6               17.7             297.9              329.0              351.2
                    Capital expenditure and acquisition                                                             59.0              174.3             334.3              204.3              292.0
                    Balance Sheet Data as at 30 June
                    Current assets                                                                                 980.8            1,055.4           1,446.2            1,318.1            1,170.1
                    Non-current assets                                                                           1,343.8            1,442.8           2,471.2            2,299.0            2,193.1
                    Total assets                                                                                 2,324.6            2,498.2           3,917.4            3,617.1            3,363.2
                    Current liabilities                                                                            806.3              817.1           1,160.6            1,098.7              985.4
                    Non-current liabilities                                                                        749.7              650.9           1,113.1              887.9              831.0
                    Total liabilities                                                                            1,556.0            1,468.0           2,273.7            1,986.6            1,816.4
                    Net assets                                                                                     768.6            1,030.2           1,643.7            1,630.5            1,546.8
                    Shareholders’ equity
                    Share capital                                                                                   80.8              333.6             484.1              479.9              472.3
                    Reserves                                                                                       107.6              139.2             164.7              152.1              144.0
                    Retained profits                                                                               580.2              557.4             994.9              998.5              930.5
                    Total shareholders’ equity                                                                     768.6            1,030.2           1,643.7            1,630.5            1,546.8
                    Other data as at 30 June:
                    Fully paid shares (000’s)                                                                   890,240            965,363          1,206,685         1,206,685          1,206,685
                    Orora share price
                    – year’s high ($)                                                                               3.33               3.45               3.69              3.60               3.16
                    – year’s low ($)                                                                                2.23               2.54               2.89              2.73               2.66
                    – close ($)                                                                                     3.33               2.54               3.24              3.57               2.86
                    Market capitalisation                                                                        2,694.8            2,452.0           3,909.7            4,307.9            3,451.1
                    Employee numbers                                                                               3,768              3,776             7,221              7,014              7,038
                    Number of shareholders                                                                        44,653            52,694             55,087             54,164            54,002

                    (1)   The financial information in the above table is presented on a total operations basis and therefore the period FY17-FY20 includes the financial results of the Australasian
                          Fibre business that was divested in April 2020.
                    (2)   A Special Dividend of 37.3 cents, 50% franked, was paid on 29 June 2020 (refer note 2.2).
                    (3)   The FY20 final dividend was unfranked, FY20 special dividend was 50% franked, FY20 interim dividend was 30% franked.
                    (4)   The FY19 final dividend was 30% franked, FY19 interim dividend was 50% franked.
                    (5)   The net tangible asset backing per ordinary share is inclusive of right-of-use assets and liabilities. This measure would reduce to $0.15 if right-of-use assets were
                          excluded and right-of-use liabilities were included in the calculation.
                    (6)   The net tangible asset backing per ordinary share is inclusive of right-of-use assets and liabilities. This measure would reduce to $0.38 if right-of-use assets were
                          excluded and right-of-use liabilities were included in the calculation.
                    (7)   Return on average funds employed is calculated as EBIT divided by average funds employed.



                    ORORA LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2021                                                                                                                                            141
               Shareholder
               information
               SHAREHOLDER ENQUIRIES                       ORORA PUBLICATIONS AND                       DIVIDENDS
               Shareholders seeking information about      COMMUNICATIONS                               The Company normally pays dividends




For personal use only
               their shareholding or dividends should      The Annual Report is mailed in mid-          around April and October each year.
               contact Orora’s Share Registry, Link        September only to those shareholders         Shareholders should retain all remittance
               Market Services Limited (Link). Contact     who have previously requested to receive     advice relating to dividend payments for
               details can be found on the back cover of   hard copies of the document.                 tax purposes.
               this report. For security and privacy
               reasons, before contacting the Share        If you have previously requested a           1. Direct deposit to a bank, building
               Registry, shareholders should have their    printed copy of the Annual Report, but no       society or credit union account
               Securityholder Reference Number (SRN)       longer require it in printed form, please    Shareholders can receive their dividends
               or Holder Identification Number (HIN)       update your preference online with Link      directly into a nominated bank, building
               available.                                  Market Services or advise Link in writing.   society or credit union account held in
                                                           To view this report online, or to            Australia, the United States of America
               Shareholders can also access a wide         download a copy, visit Orora’s website:      or New Zealand.
               variety of holding information via Link’s   www.ororagroup.com.
               website: www.linkmarketservices.com.au                                                   The currency selected must match the
               and make changes either online or by        Orora’s website, www.ororagroup.com,         location of the financial institution. For
               downloading a form.                         offers shareholders details of the latest    example, NZD can only be paid into an
                                                           share price, announcements made to the       account held with a financial institution
               These changes include:                      ASX, including half-year and full-year       located in New Zealand.
               •    choosing the preferred method of       results, investor and analyst
                    receiving the Annual Report, Notice    presentations and many other                 Shareholders can provide or update
                    of Meeting and payment statements      publications that may be of interest.        banking details online at Orora’s Share
               •    checking holding balances                                                           Registry at
                                                           DIVIDEND REINVESTMENT PLAN                   www.linkmarketservices.com.au.
               •    updating address details
                                                           (DRP)
               •    providing an email address
                                                           The DRP provides shareholders in             2. Cheque payable to
               •    updating or providing bank details
                                                           Australia and New Zealand with the              international shareholders
               •    electing to participate in the DRP.
                                                           opportunity to reinvest their dividends to      (other than New Zealand)
               STOCK EXCHANGE LISTING                      acquire additional Orora shares. Shares      International shareholders (other than
                                                           acquired under the DRP rank equally with     shareholders domiciled in New Zealand)
               Orora Limited shares are listed on the
                                                           existing fully paid ordinary shares.         who do not have an account with an
               Australian Securities Exchange (ASX) and
                                                                                                        Australian or United States financial
               are traded under the code ORA.              Full details of the DRP and a DRP election   institution will receive their dividends
                                                           form are available from Orora’s Share        by Australian dollar cheque.
               ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING                      Registry or from Orora’s website.
               The Annual General Meeting of Orora                                                      Lost or stolen cheques should be
               Limited will be held at 10.30am                                                          reported immediately in writing to
               (Melbourne time) on 21 October 2021.                                                     Orora’s Share Registry to enable a
                                                                                                        “stop payment” and replacement.
               Formal notice of the meeting is sent to
               each shareholder.                                                                        In addition, eligible shareholders can
                                                                                                        choose to have their dividend earnings
                                                                                                        reinvested in Orora shares.




               142                                                                                             ORORA LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                    Financial calendar
                    2021—2022
                    Financial year 2021 (FY21) ends                       30 June 2021
                    Announcement of full-year results for FY21          19 August 2021




For personal use only
                    Ex-dividend date for final dividend FY21          6 September 2021
                    Record date for final dividend FY21               7 September 2021
                    Dividend payment date for FY21 final dividend       11 October 2021
                    Annual General Meeting                             21 October 2021
                    Financial half year 2022 ends                     31 December 2021
                    Announcement of interim results                      February 2022
                    for financial year 2022 (FY22)
                    Ex-dividend date for interim dividend FY22             March 2022
                    Record date for interim dividend FY22                  March 2022
                    Dividend payment date for FY22 interim dividend          April 2022
                    Financial year 2022 (FY22) ends                       30 June 2022




                    ORORA LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2021                                      143
               Corporate
               directory
               ORORA LIMITED                     AUDITORS
               Registered office and principal   PricewaterhouseCoopers




For personal use only
               administrative office:            2 Riverside Quay
                                                 Southbank Victoria 3006
               109-133 Burwood Road
                                                 Australia
               Hawthorn Victoria 3122
               Australia                         Telephone: +61 3 8603 1000
                                                 Facsimile: +61 3 8603 1999
               Telephone: +61 3 9116 1711
                                                 Website: www.pwc.com.au
               Website: www.ororagroup.com

               ABN: 55 004 275 165               ORORA SHARE REGISTRY
               Chair                             Link Market Services Limited

               Mr A R Sindel                     Street address:
                                                 Tower 4, Collins Square
               Managing Director and
               Chief Executive Officer           727 Collins Street
                                                 Melbourne Victoria 3008
               Mr B P Lowe
                                                 Australia
               Chief Financial Officer
                                                 Postal address:
               Mr S C Hughes
                                                 Locked Bag A14
               Company Secretary                 Sydney South NSW 1235
               Ms A L Stubbings                  Australia

                                                 Telephone: +61 1300 554 474
                                                 (toll free within Australia)
                                                 Facsimile: +61 2 9287 0303
                                                 Email: orora@linkmarketservices.com.au
                                                 Website:
                                                 www.linkmarketservices.com.au




               144                                                                        ORORA LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2021
For personal use only
               If any amendments are
               required to be made to
               this Annual Report, they
               will be disclosed to the
               ASX and posted on the
               Company‘s website under
               the Investor section at
               ororagroup.com/investors
For personal use only

                ororagroup.com
