For personal use only
                 Annual Report
                 For the year ended 30 June 2025

                 Manuka Resources Ltd
                 ABN 80 611 963 225
                        Manuka Resources Ltd
                        For the year ended 30 June 2025




                        CORPORATE DIRECTORY
                         Directors                               Lawyers
                         Dennis Karp – Executive Chairman        K&L Gates
                         Alan J Eggers – Executive Director      Level 31, 1 O’Connell Street
                         John Seton – Non-Executive Director     Sydney NSW 2000



                         Key Management                          Auditor
                         Haydn Lynch – Chief Operating Officer   RSM Australia Partners




For personal use only
                                                                 Level 7, 1 Martin Place
                                                                 Sydney NSW 2000

                         Company Secretary
                         Eryn Kestel
                                                                 Share Registry
                                                                 Automic Group Pty Ltd
                                                                 Level 5, 126 Phillip Street
                         Registered Office                       Sydney NSW 2000
                         Level 4, Grafton Bond Building
                         201 Kent Street
                         Sydney NSW 2000
                                                                 Stock Exchange Listing
                         www.manukaresources.com.au              Manuka Resources Limited shares
                                                                 (Code: MKR) are listed on the
                                                                 Australian Securities Exchange and
                                                                 the New Zealand Stock Exchange.
                        Manuka Resources Ltd
                        For the year ended 30 June 2025




                        Contents
                                                                                                  Page

                        Executive Chairman’s Report                                                 1

                        Review of Operations                                                        3

                        Mineral Resources and Ore Reserves Statement                               17

                        Directors’ Report                                                          22

                        Auditor’s Independence Declaration                                         36

                        Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss and Other Comprehensive Income    37




For personal use only
                        Consolidated Statement of Financial Position                               38

                        Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity                                40

                        Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows                                       41

                        Notes to the Financial Statements                                          42

                        Consolidated Entity Disclosure Statement                                   80

                        Directors’ Declaration                                                     81

                        Independent Auditor’s Report                                               82

                        ASX Additional Information                                                 86
                        Manuka Resources Ltd
                        For the year ended 30 June 2025




                        Executive Chairman’s Report
                        WAITING ON FAST-TRACK, WHILE WORKING TOWARDS THE RESTART OF SILVER PRODUCTION

                        Fellow Shareholders,

                        This Annual Report addresses the Company’s performance for the 2024-25 financial year and marks
                        our fifth year since listing on the ASX.

                        While on the one hand it has been the first year in the past five years, during which the Company did
                        not produce either gold or silver, it has also been a year of significant corporate progress in all three
                        of our key projects. Our three key projects are our two precious metals projects in the Cobar Basin,




For personal use only
                        Central West NSW, and the Taranaki VTM Project off the west coast of the North Island of New Zealand.

                        It is important to note that Manuka Resources is the 100% owner of all three.

                        The corporate progress I refer to, includes the significant reserve upgrades at the Wonawinta Silver
                        Project and at Mt Boppy Gold, as well as the commencement of our Fast-Track application process in
                        New Zealand, marked by the appointment of the relevant panel considering our matter, which at time
                        of writing has commenced hearings of our Taranaki VTM Project application.

                        We released a 10-year production plan based on our silver and gold assets located in the prolific Cobar
                        Basin1. The Wonawinta Production Target comprises the mining and processing of 10.7Mt containing
                        19.2Moz of silver plus gold credits.

                        The capital expenditure required to bring the Wonawinta processing plant back into production in Q1
                        2026 is estimated to be A$18.9M. At an assumed silver price of A$50/oz and average All-In Sustaining
                        Cost of A$35/oz, the project delivers an average EBITDA of A$22M per annum at an IRR of 109% and
                        NPV8 of A$101M2.

                        Sensitivity analysis has shown that for every 10% increase in the silver price above the assumed
                        A$50/oz, Project NPV increases by A$43M2. Silver is currently trading at ~A$66/oz (32% above the
                        assumed price).

                        In addition to the Wonawinta Production Target, Manuka also released a Maiden Mt Boppy Open Pit
                        Probable Gold Reserve of 290kt at 4.2g/t Au containing approximately 39,000oz gold2. Upon execution,
                        the Open Pit cutback would add NPV8 of A$43.2M to the Wonawinta Production Target at an assumed
                        gold price of A$5,000/oz. Gold is currently priced at A$5,700/oz.

                        Both these projects are targeting production restarts during the 2025-26 financial year.

                        Our New Zealand subsidiary, Trans-Tasman Resources Limited (TTR), has made exceptional progress
                        with its 100% owned Taranaki VTM Project, a world-class vanadium-rich titanomagnetite iron sands
                        resource located offshore in the South Taranaki Bight (south-west coast of the North Island, New
                        Zealand). The project has cleared key regulatory hurdles under New Zealand’s Fast-Track Approvals
                        Act 2024 and is now under expert panel review. The panel guidance noted approximately 100
                        workdays were required for panel hearings, and a decision is anticipated by late Q1 2026.

                        1 ASX Release 30 May 2025
                        2 ASX Release 5 August 2025

                                                                                                                      1|Page
                        Manuka Resources Ltd
                        For the year ended 30 June 2025

                        Executive Chairman’s Report (cont’d)
                        We released an updated Pre-Feasibility Study and Economic Impact Assessment earlier this financial
                        year3, which once again highlighted the project's robust economics: a post-tax NPV10 of US$1.26 billion,
                        IRR of 39%, and average annual EBITDA of US$312 million.

                        The project is forecast to generate NZ$854 million in annual export revenue, positioning it among
                        New Zealand’s top 12 exporters and contributing significantly to the Government’s goal of doubling
                        mineral export earnings by 2035.

                        Moving into FY2026, Manuka Resources is well-positioned to capitalise on the growing demand for
                        its precious and critical minerals. Our three-project asset base and emerging production pipeline in
                        both gold and silver, provides a solid foundation for cashflow generation for the next ten years.

                        On behalf of the Board, I thank our shareholders for their continued support during what was a
                        difficult year, financially. We remain committed to our portfolio of assets and remain convinced that




For personal use only
                        the commodities within will deliver substantial market returns in the years that follow.

                        Thank you for your continued support.




                        Dennis Karp
                        Executive Chair




                        3 ASX Release 26 March 2025

                                                                                                                     2|Page
                        Manuka Resources Ltd
                        For the year ended 30 June 2025




                        Review of Operations
                        COMPANY PROFILE AND OPERATIONAL OVERVIEW
                        Manuka Resources Ltd (“Manuka” or “the Company”) owns the Mt Boppy Gold and Wonawinta Silver
                        Mines within 2 separate tenement packages in the Cobar basin, western NSW. The Company has
                        continued to optimise strategic growth and production opportunities. The Wonawinta Metallurgical
                        Plant is a valuable asset, and to date has been used for a combination of gold production (Mt Boppy
                        open pit April 2020-Nov 2021; Mt Boppy stockpile and dump retreatment May – Dec 2023) as well as
                        silver production from metallurgical test work trials on Wonawinta stockpiles between May and
                        October 2022. The purpose of the silver trial project was to optimise the metallurgical process to be
                        used for the recovery of Wonawinta silver from the ore sources comprising the mining licence, as well
                        as increasing the plant capacity. Both objectives were realised, and the project was brought to an
                        earlier close than originally planned due to factors beyond our control.




For personal use only
                        During the financial period, on the back of improved gold and silver metal prices, the Company has
                        reassessed reopening both the Wonawinta silver and the Mt Boppy gold mines, with a view to
                        centralising ore processing at the Wonawinta metallurgical plant. To this end, Ore reserve estimations,
                        inclusive of open pit optimisation and updated Capital and Operating estimates, have been completed
                        and have provided assurance to the viability of recapitalising and turning these assets to account.

                        Due to the care and maintenance status of the Wonawinta and Mt Boppy mining projects, exploration
                        activities have been significantly scaled back. Operational focus has shifted toward maintaining site
                        integrity, ensuring regulatory compliance, and preserving assets for future recommencement.
                        Metallurgical sampling and test-work was undertaken on Mt Boppy surface dump material and tailings
                        to advance retreatment options. The work at Mt Boppy is incomplete, with further grind and flotation
                        studies outstanding on the circa 800kt tailings. At Wonawinta metallurgical tests were undertaken on
                        available drilling intersections as part of the reassessment of modifying the front-end flow process of
                        the Wonawinta metallurgical plant to deal with high clay content silver.

                        Exploration and open pit evaluation drill programmes were completed for the Mt Boppy open pit,
                        Pipeline Ridge gold (+/- base metals). Mineral resource conversion drilling on the strike extensions of
                        Wonawinta silver mineralisation has been planned.

                        The Company’s wholly owned subsidiary TTR, advanced permitting and regulatory permissions during
                        the year. TTR hosts a significant shallow offshore iron sands and vanadium project offshore in the
                        South Taranaki Bight (STB) of New Zealand. The Project is at the Bankable Feasibility Study (BFS) stage,
                        has a granted Mining Permit and has been accepted as a priority development project under NZ’s ‘Fast
                        Track’ consenting legislation for its final approvals to operate. Final government approvals for the
                        project will trigger commencement of final detailed engineering and capital costings. Once developed
                        the TTR project would be a major export earner for New Zealand and a significant employer in the local
                        community producing an iron ore concentrate with significant vanadium co-product required for high
                        grade steel alloys and with increasing application in large-scale battery storage technologies.


                        BACKGROUND
                        Manuka is an Australian mining and exploration company located in the Cobar Basin, central west New
                        South Wales. It is the 100% owner of two fully permitted mining projects, one gold and one silver, both
                        within the Cobar Basin as well as a world class pre-development vanadium rich iron sands project
                        situated in the South Taranaki Bight of New Zealand. Included in the asset portfolio is the following:


                                                                                                                     3|Page
                        Manuka Resources Ltd
                        For the year ended 30 June 2025

                        Review of Operations (cont’d)

                        The Mt Boppy Gold mine and neighbouring tenements
                        Operations at the Mt Boppy project were halted in Q1 2024, as the Company determined that
                        either locating a plant on-site at Mt Boppy or assessing blending ore with silver production at
                        Wonawinta was a precursor to continuing the future mining operations. The plan has been advanced
                        in during the financial period, and operations are expected to commence during 2026. Ore reserve
                        estimations have been completed during the year on the Mt Boppy open pit and the surface stockpile
                        and screened dump material.
                        The Wonawinta silver project, with mine, processing plant and neighbouring tenements
                        The Wonawinta processing plant recommenced silver production in March 2022 in the form of a trial
                        operation on existing silver oxide stockpiles. This trial ceased around eight months later with the
                        results feeding into the ongoing mine planning for the opening up of new pits on the mining lease and
                        potential re-entry into existing pits. The significant gains in the silver price over the last 18 months
                        prompted an updated estimation of the Ore reserves at Wonawinta. This work significantly detailed




For personal use only
                        front end metallurgical plant modifications (deslime circuit) that have underpinned the viability of
                        reopening the mine.
                        Highly prospective Au and Ag-Cu-Pb-Zn exploration targets on its ~1150km2 tenement portfolio in the
                        Cobar Basin
                        The Taranaki VTM Project, South Taranaki Bight, New Zealand
                        Completion of the BFS on the Taranaki VTM (vanadiferous titanomagnetite) Project once our
                        application for final marine consents to operate under the New Zealand government’s Fast-Track
                        Approvals Act 2024 have been decided. The expert panel assessment is now underway with the final
                        decision set for mid-March 2026.


                        THE MT BOPPY GOLD PROJECT
                        Operations
                        Manuka’s first phase of open pit production at Mt Boppy finished in early 20224. No mining or material
                        movement operations were conducted after that date until Q2 of CY2023 when bulk sampling of
                        previously classified barren overburden material was conducted. The screened product was processed
                        at Wonawinta from May – Dec 2023. The operation was placed on Care and Maintenance at this
                        juncture till more Sonic evaluation and metallurgical test work was undertaken to assess the viability
                        of capitalising a metallurgical facility at Mt Boppy.

                        During 2024-2025 the Company undertook Ore reserve studies on:
                             -    the Mt Boppy surface stockpiles;
                             -    selected areas of the Main waste dump; and
                             -    re-opening the Mt Boppy open pit, including a detailed re-optimisation and mine plan designed
                                  for that operation.
                        The company is forecasting around four – five years of project life based on the treatment of circa
                        13kt/mth of Mt Boppy gold ore through the Wonawinta processing facility and incremental to the
                        ongoing Wonawinta silver production.




                        4 ASX release 8 March 2022

                                                                                                                     4|Page
                        Manuka Resources Ltd
                        For the year ended 30 June 2025

                        Review of Operations (cont’d)

                        Regional Geology
                        Mount Boppy is hosted within Devonian-age (circa 420-390Myr) sedimentary and volcanic rocks of the
                        Canbelego-Mineral Hill Rift Zone. Mineralisation occurs largely in brecciated and silicified fine-grained
                        sediments of the Baledmund Formation, within and adjacent to a faulted contact with older
                        Girilambone Group sedimentary rocks. Lodes strike approximately north-south and dip steeply west,
                        although the widest zone of mineralisation is related to slightly shallower dips. Gold mineralisation is
                        fine-grained and commonly associated with coarse grained iron rich sphalerite. Section 7.2 of the
                        Independent Technical Report discusses the local geology of the project area5.
                        Tenements
                        The Mt Boppy Gold Project (which comprises three granted mining leases, four gold leases, and one
                        exploration licence (which together cover an area in excess of approximately 210 km2)) is located
                        approximately 46 km east of Cobar, on the eastern side of the highly prospective and metalliferous
                        Cobar Basin. The Company owns (via its wholly owned subsidiary, Mt Boppy Resources P/L) 100% of




For personal use only
                        the below exploration, gold and mining leases.




                                                                   (Table 1 – Tenements Mt Boppy)




                                                        (Figure 1 - Tenements - Mt Boppy Gold Project)


                        5 See Prospectus dated 22 May 2020, ASX release 10 July 2020

                                                                                                                      5|Page
                        Manuka Resources Ltd
                        For the year ended 30 June 2025

                        Review of Operations (cont’d)

                        THE WONAWINTA SILVER PROJECT
                        The Company has title to the pastoral lease for “Manuka”, which holds the Wonawinta Silver Project.
                        The Manuka pastoral lease is connected to the low voltage rural power network and contains useful
                        infrastructure namely a homestead, internet satellite connection and an airstrip.

                        Operations
                        The Company completed the trial phase of silver oxide stockpile processing in February 20236 . The
                        results from this trial have been used to better inform the modifications to the Wonawinta
                        Metallurgical plant necessary for opening up new clay-rich pits on the Wonawinta silver project. During
                        this phase of operations, it was found that silver species in the oxide material was present in two broad
                        size fractions. Modifications were made to the front-end material handling circuit to introduce the
                        smaller ball mill and incorporate a trommel in the flowsheet (deslime circuit) to process the finer
                        fractions which held a significant proportion of silver.




For personal use only
                        This trial phase was designed to highlight to the operational team any potential issues that may be
                        encountered in a full mining operation and has provided the company with valuable data in relation to
                        risks and potential mitigants. Ongoing analysis of the various test work campaigns has vindicated
                        modifying the front end of the Wonawinta metallurgical plant with a desliming section prior to milling.
                        The plant capacity for the processing of silver grading ores and materials was increased to ~1Mt/yr
                        (previously 850,000t/yr).

                        Another outcome from the trial processing was the presence of small amounts of gold detected in the
                        silver concentrates on smelting, yielding an average of 15% of the total payables received from the
                        refinery from silver shipments.

                        Regional Geology
                        The Cobar Basin is located in central-west New South Wales, approximately 700 km north-west of
                        Sydney. It is a complex metallogenic system containing numerous mineral deposits. “Cobar-style”
                        mineral deposits comprise a unique class of large and commonly high-grade base and precious metal
                        deposits hosted by marine sediments. They typically have great vertical extent but only a small surface
                        footprint.

                        Tenements
                        The Company directly owns 100% of the interests in the Tenements detailed in the following table:




                        6 ASX release 28 April 2023 – March Quarterly

                                                                                                                      6|Page
                        Manuka Resources Ltd
                        For the year ended 30 June 2025

                        Review of Operations (cont’d)

                        (Table 2 – Tenements Wonawinta)




For personal use only




                                                          7|Page
                        Manuka Resources Ltd
                        For the year ended 30 June 2025

                        Review of Operations (cont’d)

                                                    (Figure 2 - Tenements of Wonawinta Silver Project)




For personal use only


                                   (Figure 3 – Existing mine infrastructure with mineral resource outline in ML 1659)

                        STRATEGY AND DEVELOPMENT PLANS
                        During the 2022-2023 financial year, as the trial silver phase wound down, a program of bulk sampling
                        on previously classified barren overburden at Mt Boppy from both the ROM area and the western
                        waste dump was initiated. This bulk sampling program was able to produce a gold bearing product of
                        approximately 1.8 g/t from a sub 12mm fraction derived from a simple rotating screen. These positive
                        sampling results gave the company confidence to begin larger scale production utilising a McCloskey
                        R155 triple deck screen to produce a sub 12mm and plus 12 sub 22mm product fractions.
                        Approximately 80% of the gold is contained in the sub 22mm fraction, and this size fraction was used
                        as the ore feed to the Wonawinta plant from June 2023 to December 2023. The Wonawinta plant was
                        recommissioned for this phase of gold processing in June 2023 and required only minor modifications
                                                                                                                    8|Page
                        Manuka Resources Ltd
                        For the year ended 30 June 2025

                        Review of Operations (cont’d)

                        from its previous phase of leaching silver from the oxide stockpiles. Operations were stopped during
                        December 2023 to enable the sonic drill evaluation of the main rock dump to provide grade and ROM
                        feed evaluation data.

                        As mentioned above, the Company produced gold from screening rock dump and tailings material at
                        the Mt Boppy ROM from June to December 2023. Bulk sample and sonic drilling evaluation has
                        continued and has significantly progressed evaluation of the Mt Boppy main waste rock dump, and the
                        low-grade rock dump and tailings at the TSF3 impoundment7. As at the end of June 2024, a total of
                        263,667t of waste and ROM material has been screened. This has generated a total of 175,196t
                        screened material which is <22mm (68.3% of total material). The grade of the -22mm screened
                        material produced to date is consistent with initial expectations (1.7 - 1.8g/t Au). Current evaluation
                        shows the processing of these areas together with processing of the existing open pit to be a viable
                        operational option, subject to capitalising a stand-alone modular gold recovery plant at Mt. Boppy and




For personal use only
                        sustaining a 4+ year LOM. The Company has released an updated Mineral Resources Estimate (MRE)
                        over the rock dump, the tailings, the Mt Boppy ROM and the Mt Boppy Main waste dump (previously
                        classified barren overburden areas8).

                        The company also continues to evaluate proximal and near-term silver and base metals processing
                        opportunities which take advantage of the strategic location of the Wonawinta processing plant. This
                        includes the potential reconfiguration of the existing flowsheet to process sulphide ore through a
                        flotation circuit.

                        The Mt Boppy gold mine (existing open pit) is also undergoing evaluation for a second phase of open
                        cut mining to extract the current in pit gold resource. This would involve a phased cut back on the
                        western wall of the current pit (Figure 4). Deeper extensions are to be tested by RC and diamond
                        drilling proximal to the pit and along strike to the south.




                        7 ASX release dated 25 August 2023
                        8 ASX release dated 25 August 2023

                                                                                                                    9|Page
                        Manuka Resources Ltd
                        For the year ended 30 June 2025

                        Review of Operations (cont’d)




For personal use only
                        Figure 4: Mt Boppy current infrastructure and planned mine development

                        Exploration Strategy and Overview
                        The Company’s exploration strategy to date has focussed on near mine targets at both Mt Boppy and
                        Wonawinta to develop resources close to existing operations. The Strategic Review completed during
                        January 2023 continued to be advanced during 2024-2025 enables ranking of gold and base metal
                        targets with the emphasis on turning to account (Figure 5). Specifically, the Company now understands
                        the benefits of fully utilising the Wonawinta CIL metallurgical facility. To this end the higher gold price
                        (~$A4,500-5,000/Au oz) provides the opportunity to profitably augment Wonawinta silver production
                        with incremental gold ore from Mt Boppy and potentially Pipeline Ridge (under evaluation).




                                                                                                                      10 | P a g e
                        Manuka Resources Ltd
                        For the year ended 30 June 2025

                        Review of Operations (cont’d)




For personal use only
                                                   (Figure 5: MKR Resource Triangle, 30 June 2025)

                        The Company has continued reviewing and integrating previous exploration and public domain
                        geoscience datasets. Detailed geophysical reviews completed during 2023 on the Canbelego and
                        Wonawinta tenements have been integrated into ongoing prospectivity analyses of both tenement
                        packages. Studies on the structural and lithological controls of mineralisation at both mine sites is in
                        progress.
                        On the Canbelego tenements (EL5842 and Mt Boppy ML’s, Figure 6) the priority exploration and
                        development targets remain unchanged, including the Mt Boppy selective dump material evaluation,
                        the Pipeline Ridge (Au-Cu-Pb-Zn) opencast drill evaluation, the Mt Boppy Mine deep drilling and
                        extensions to the south for gold and base metal mineralised zones.




                                                                                                                    11 | P a g e
                        Manuka Resources Ltd
                        For the year ended 30 June 2025

                        Review of Operations (cont’d)




For personal use only




                          (Figure 6: Prospectivity analysis areas for Canbelego EL5482 and Mt Boppy ML’s showing existing
                                                                        targets.
                        Wonawinta Project targets (Figure 7) include the Wonawinta ML1659 (Ag-Pb-Zn) and extensions on
                        EL7345, gold and base metal mineralisation on EL6302 (site of the historic 2g/t McKinnon’s gold mine)
                        and EL8498 (Guzzi Prospect), and EL6482 (De Nardi, Gundaroo Cu-Pb-Zn; Figure 8).




                                                                                                                 12 | P a g e
                        Manuka Resources Ltd
                        For the year ended 30 June 2025

                        Review of Operations (cont’d)




For personal use only




                                                 (Figure 7: Wonawinta and northern exploration targets)
                                                                                                          13 | P a g e
                        Manuka Resources Ltd
                        For the year ended 30 June 2025

                        Review of Operations (cont’d)




For personal use only
                                  (Figure 8 – Gold exploration targets in the McKinnons mine area, north of Wonawinta)


                        TARANAKI VTM PROJECT
                        Manuka holds a 100% interest in the Taranaki VTM Iron Sands Project via its wholly owned subsidiary
                        TTR. Located offshore in the South Taranaki Bight (STB), within New Zealand’s Exclusive Economic Zone
                        (EEZ), the project comprises a 3.2Bt vanadiferous titanomagnetite (VTM) iron ore resource at 10.17%
                        Fe2O3, 0.05% V2O5 (containing 1.6Mt V2O5) and 1.03% TiO2 (Table 2)9, ranking it as one of the largest
                        drilled vanadium projects globally. Indicated Resources comprise 65.7% of the total Resources with the
                        balance being Inferred.

                        Table 2: Taranaki VTM Iron Sands Project Mineral Resource
                        Resource                  Bt              Fe2O3 (%)          TiO2 (%)            V2O5 (%)
                        Indicated                 2.1             10.45              1.06                0.05
                        Inferred                  1.1             9.64               0.99                0.04
                        Total                     3.2             10.17              1.03                0.05


                        TTR has granted mineral mining permit MMP55581 within the EEZ containing 1.88Bt VTM resource
                        where the current PFS mine plan can deliver production of 5Mt export concentrates a year grading 56-
                        57%Fe, 0.5%V2O5 and 8.5%TiO2. TTR’s adjoining mineral exploration permit, MEP54068 inside the
                        12Nm limit within the Coastal Management Area (CMA), contains a reported additional 1.29Bt VTM
                        iron sands resource.


                        9 ASX Announcement 1 March 2023

                                                                                                                    14 | P a g e
                        Manuka Resources Ltd
                        For the year ended 30 June 2025

                        Review of Operations (cont’d)


                        On 26 March 2025 Manuka release the 2025 Pre-feasibility Study (PFS)10 and the NZIER Economic
                        Impact Assessment (EIA)11 on 2 April 2025 for the Project.
                        The PFS and EIA outlined a robust economic business case underpinned by a 3.2Bt Resource (Table 2)
                        highlighted by operating costs of US$27.20/tonne concentrate, average annual EBITDA of US$312M
                        over a 20-year initial mine life and a post-tax NPV10 of US$1.26B with an IRR of 39% based on an initial
                        capital investment of US$602M (NZ$1B) including US$84.4M contingency.
                        Based on these figures, the Project is forecast to:
                         Increase New Zealand’s annual GDP by NZ$265 million, create an estimated 1,635 new high value
                            jobs across the economy with 1,123 being in the Taranaki Whanganui region;
                             Generate total export earnings of NZ$854 million per annum (NZ$658 million Iron Ore and NZ$196
                              million vanadium pentoxide (V2O5)) and be one of New Zealand’s top 12 principal export earners;




For personal use only
                              and
                             Pay royalties of between NZ$36 million and NZ$54 million and contribute NZ$91 million and
                              NZ$136 million corporate tax per annum to the New Zealand Government.

                        Importantly, the Project will deliver substantial benefits to the Taranaki and Whanganui regions with
                        over 300 new full-time local jobs and NZ$238M per annum expenditure injected into the local economy
                        boosting Taranaki’s GDP by NZ$222 million.
                        The Project is one of national significance for New Zealand whose stated objective is to double mineral
                        export earnings from NZ$1.5B to NZ$3B per annum over the next decade. The Taranaki VTM Project is
                        forecast to generate NZ$854M revenue per annum representing over 50% of the targeted increase.
                        TTR’s Taranaki VTM Project is listed in Schedule 2 of the New Zealand Fast-track Approvals Act 2024
                        (Fast-track Act) to be considered by an expert panel for final approvals to develop. Schedule 2 projects,
                        including TTR’s, are considered to meet the Fast-track Act’s purpose including being projects of
                        regional or national significance.
                        TTR submitted its Fast-track Approvals (FTA) application on 15 April 202512 for consideration by an
                        expert panel whose members have relevant knowledge and expertise in mining projects, to consider
                        the approval of the Marine and Discharge Consents and apply any relevant operating conditions. The
                        FTA application has been accepted as complete on 15 May 2025 and handed to the Fast-track panel
                        conveners to appoint the expert panel to assess the application and set the timeframe for the final
                        decision.
                        The application number FTAA-2504-1048 includes the new pre-feasibility study (PFS), new JORC
                        mineral resource statement, metallurgical work on the recovery of critical minerals vanadium and
                        titanium, an economic impact assessment by NZIER, updated information assessing the project’s
                        effects on marine mammals, sea birds and the sediment plume created from returning de-ored iron
                        sands to the seafloor.
                        Fast track approval is subject to compliance with the EEZ Act that includes comprehensive
                        environmental safeguards to protect the STB environment and is not a shortcut to avoid environmental
                        best practice and compliance. TTR’s application includes 109 operating conditions and a set of
                        comprehensive management plans to ensure there are no adverse effects on the marine environment.



                        10 ASX Announcement 26 March 2025: Taranaki VTM Project Delivers Extremely Robust Pre-Feasibility Economics.
                        11 ASX Announcement 2 April 2025: Economic Impact Assessment Confirms the National Significance of the Taranaki VTM Project.
                        12 ASX Announcement 16 April 2025: Manuka subsidiary Trans-Tasman Resources Limited Lodges Fast Track Application for its Taranaki VTM Project.

                                                                                                                                                          15 | P a g e
                        Manuka Resources Ltd
                        For the year ended 30 June 2025

                        Review of Operations (cont’d)

                        New Zealand’s Critical Minerals List, the Minerals Strategy for New Zealand 2040 (released on 31
                        January 2025) and the GNS Report on the country’s potential economic mineral deposits (released in
                        August 2024) include vanadium and titanium and the offshore Taranaki VTM iron sand deposits in the
                        STB controlled 100% by TTR. The MBIE reports provide the government with insight and facts as to the
                        potential for the development of these mineral resources in New Zealand.
                        TTR’s Fast-track panel of five members has now been appointed to commence on 25 August 2025 and
                        given around 100 work-days to decide if the company should be granted the consents it seeks under
                        Fast-track Act with the panel decision due by 18 March 2025.
                        The Taranaki VTM Project will provide a huge economic boost in the Taranaki and Whanganui regions
                        specifically, as well as flow-on benefits for all of New Zealand.
                        This project has the potential to be a game changer for the region, providing local jobs and helping
                        turbo charge the regional economy whilst making a significant contribution to the government’s aim
                        to double minerals exports to $3 billion by 2035.




For personal use only




                                                                                                                16 | P a g e
                        Manuka Resources Ltd
                        For the year ended 30 June 2025




                        Mineral Resources and Ore Reserves Statement
                        Total Measured, Indicated, and Inferred Resources as at 30 June 2025 were 2.6M tonnes @ 1.3g/t
                        Au containing 110Koz Au, and 49.6 M tonnes @ 39.5 g/t Ag containing 63Moz Ag (Table
                        1).Resources have remained static over the year, with the focus on restarting the Wonawinta Silver
                        and Mt Boppy Gold mines over exploration and Resource growth.

                                        Table: Summary Mineral Resources as of 30 June 2024 and 30 June 2025




For personal use only
                        Key changes announced to Mineral Resources during the year were:
                                Re-evaluation of the Wonawinta Stockpiles for amenability to a modified de-sliming
                                 metallurgical flow process;
                                Resource estimation of the Mt Boppy Stockpiles and surface dumps;
                                A restatement of the Mt Boppy Open pit 2022 MRE at a 1 g/t Au cut-off, which was basis for
                                 the Ore Reserve estimation.
                        Details of the various gold ore sources supporting the Mineral Resource estimations are shown below.




                                                                                                                       17 | P a g e
                        Manuka Resources Ltd
                        For the year ended 30 June 2025

                        Mineral Resources and Ore Reserves Statements (cont’d)
                                  Table: Mt Boppy Mineral Resource estimation by ore source and type 30 June 2025




For personal use only
                        Wonawinta Mineral Resource details are shown below.
                               Table: Wonawinta Mineral Resource estimation by ore source and type 30 June 2025




                                                                                                                    18 | P a g e
                        Manuka Resources Ltd
                        For the year ended 30 June 2025

                        Mineral Resources and Ore Reserves Statements (cont’d)
                        Total Gold Probable Ore Reserves as of 30 June 2025 were 0.55M tonnes @ 2.56g/t Au containing
                        46Koz Au. These are new Reserves that have been delineated and estimated during the year. Total
                        Silver Probable Ore Reserves derived from M & I resources were 6.2M tonnes @ 56/4 g/t Ag
                        containing 11.24M oz Ag.
                                        Table : Summary Ore Reserves as of 30 June 2024 and 30 June 2025




                        Key changes announced to Ore Reserves during the year include:
                            Update of study parameters and revised open pit optimisation for the Wonawinta Silver Mine to




For personal use only
                             reflect current market conditions
                            Update of study parameters and open pit optimisation for the Mt Boppy Gold Mine to reflect
                             current market conditions
                            Release of updated Ore Reserves for Wonawinta Silver Mine and the Mt Boppy Gold Mine as
                             part of a consolidated Cobar Basin mine development programme.
                        Details of the Ore Reserves are shown below:




                                                                                                               19 | P a g e
                        Manuka Resources Ltd
                        For the year ended 30 June 2025

                        Mineral Resources and Ore Reserves Statements (cont’d)
                        Notes on Resources:
                        Competent Person
                        The Mineral Resource Statement for Mt Boppy (Hard Rock) and Wonawinta Silver was estimated by the
                        Competent Person, Mr I. Taylor of Mining Associates Pty Ltd. The MRE for Mt Boppy (hard rock) was updated
                        by Manuka on 15th April 2024. The Mineral Resource was updated in July 2025 with a revised cut-off grade of
                        1.0 g/t Au for the Ore Reserve estimation. The MRE for Wonawinta has remained unchanged since 2021.

                        The Mineral Resource Statements for Mt Boppy Rock Dumps, Stockpiles, Tailings and Mt Boppy South were
                        estimated by the Competent Person, Mr P. Bentley of Manuka Resources Pty Ltd.
                        1. The preceding statements of Mineral Resources conforms to the ‘Australasian Code for
                           Reporting of Exploration Results Mineral Resources and Ore Reserves (JORC Code) 2012
                           Edition’.
                        2. All tonnages reported are dry metric tonnes.




For personal use only
                        3. Data is rounded to thousands of tonnes and thousands of ounces gold. Discrepancies in totals
                           may occur due to rounding.
                        4. Resources have been reported as open pit with varying cut-offs based off several factors
                           discussed in the corresponding Table 1 which can be found with the original ASX
                           announcements for each Resource.
                        5. Resources are reported inclusive of any Reserves.
                        The announcements containing the Table 1 Checklists of Assessment and Reporting Criteria relating for the
                        2012 JORC compliant Resources are:
                                21 May 2025: Updated Cobar Basin Production Plan to Deliver Silver and Gold from
                                 Wonawinta
                                30 September 2024: Manuka Near-Term Gold at Mt Boppy Update


                        Notes on Ore Reserves:
                        Competent Persons
                        Anthony Stepcich and Phil Bentley (a Manuka employee) were the Competent Person for the
                        declaration of the Wonawinta Silver and Mt Boppy Ore Reserve estimates, reported in accordance
                        with the JORC Code (2012). In estimating these Ore Reserves Mr Stepcich has relied on the
                        metallurgical processing, infrastructure and tailings work undertaken by Mr Dieter Engelhardt. Mr
                        Engelhardt has signed of as Competent Person on the metallurgical processing, infrastructure and
                        tailings inputs to the JORC (2012) Ore Reserve Reports.
                        Mr Anthony Stepcich was the Competent Person responsible for Mt Boppy mining study and Ore
                        Reserve of 290Kt at 4.2 g/t Au for 39Koz Au, and the Wonawinta mining study and Ore Reserve of
                        6.15Mt at 56.4g/t Ag for 11Moz Ag.
                        Mr Phil Bentley was the Competent Person responsible for all other Ore Reserve estimates
                        including pits, stockpiles, waste dumps and tailings.
                        1 The preceding statements of Ore Reserves conforms to the ‘Australasian Code for Reporting
                          of Exploration Results Mineral Resources and Ore Reserves (JORC Code) 2012 Edition’.
                        2 All tonnages reported are dry metric tonnes.
                        3 Data is rounded to thousands of tonnes and thousands of ounces gold. Discrepancies in totals
                          may occur due to rounding.
                        4 Cut-off Grade:

                                                                                                                        20 | P a g e
                        Manuka Resources Ltd
                        For the year ended 30 June 2025

                        Mineral Resources and Ore Reserves Statements (cont’d)
                        Open Pit - The Ore Reserves are based upon an internal cut-off grade greater than or equal to the
                        break-even cut-off grade.
                        The commodity price used for the Revenue calculations for Wonawinta was AUD $50 per ounce Ag.
                        The commodity price used for the Revenue calculations for Mt Boppy was AUD $4,000 per ounce
                        Au.
                        The Ore Reserves are based upon a State Royalty of 2.5% and a refining charge of AUD $0.25/Oz Ag
                        and AUD $7.69/Oz Au.
                        The announcements containing the Table 1 Checklists of Assessment and Reporting Criteria relating
                        for the 2012 JORC compliant Reserves are:
                                29 July 2025: Maiden Mt Boppy Open Pit Ore Reserve
                                30 May 2025: Cobar Basin Production Plan - Manuka to produce 13.2 million ounces of
                                 Silver plus Gold from existing Wonawinta Processing Plant




For personal use only




                                                                                                                21 | P a g e
                        Manuka Resources Ltd
                        For the year ended 30 June 2025




                        Directors’ Report
                        The Directors of Manuka Resources Ltd (‘Manuka Resources’) present their report together with the financial
                        statements of the Group, being Manuka Resources (‘the Company’) and its subsidiaries Mt Boppy Resources
                        Pty Ltd (‘Mt Boppy’) and Trans-Tasman Resources Ltd (‘TTR’) for the year ended 30 June 2025.

                        Manuka Resources Limited is a company limited by shares and incorporated in Australia on the 20th of April
                        2016.

                        Director details
                        The following persons were Directors of Manuka Resources during or since the end of the financial period and
                        up to the date of this report:
                                 Mr Dennis Karp
                                 Mr Alan J Eggers




For personal use only
                                 Mr John Seton
                                 Mr Anthony McPaul (resigned 3rd December 2024)

                        The Directors’ qualifications, experience and directorships held in listed companies at any time during the last
                        three years, are set out in the Remuneration Report on pages 27 to 34.

                        Interests in the shares and options of the Company and related bodies corporate
                        As at the date of this report, the interests of the directors in the shares and options of Manuka Resources
                        Limited were:
                                                                                                         Options over
                                                                                            Ordinary         Ordinary
                                                                                              Shares           Shares
                                Mr Dennis Karp                                           60,212,789                  -
                                Mr Alan J Eggers                                         61,375,887                  -
                                Mr John Seton                                            50,975,544            541,667
                                Mr Anthony McPaul (resigned 3rd December 2024)            1,620,944            620,944

                        Company Secretary details
                        Ms Eryn Kestel
                        Company Secretary since 31st May 2024.

                        Ms Eryn Kestel holds a Bachelor of Business (Accounting) from Curtin University, Western Australia and is a
                        Certified Practicing Accountant.

                        Ms Kestel has 30 years professional experience as the company secretary of several ASX listed companies in a
                        variety of industries together with working with several unlisted entities providing company secretarial and
                        book-keeping services.

                        Principal activities
                        During the period, the principal activities undertaken by the Group were:
                           Development and Implementation of a program to process mineralised gold material from Mt Boppy (Mt
                            Boppy Stockpile Reprocessing and Open pit mining) including:



                                                                                                                            22 | P a g e
                        Manuka Resources Ltd
                        For the year ended 30 June 2025


                        Directors’ Report (cont’d)

                                          o  Completion of the evaluation of circa 500m sonic drilling programme on the Mt Boppy rock
                                             dump, and evaluation of the viability of retreating this and other tailings dumps at Mt Boppy;
                                        o Completion of pre-feasibility standard standalone project economic viability, including
                                             assessment of metallurgical plant capital and operating costs and updating mining and related
                                             costs;
                                        o Commissioning of the Wonawinta Plant to commence production of screened Mt Boppy
                                             material;
                               Completion of Ore Reserve estimates on the Wonawinta (Ag) and Mt Boppy (Au) ore bodies, inclusive of
                                continuing detailed metallurgical test work supporting the introduction of a desliming circuit on the front
                                end of the Wonawinta metallurgical plant;
                               Continued evaluation and prospectivity analysis of all the Company’s exploration prospects in the Cobar
                                Basin; and




For personal use only
                               Participation in the NZ government’s Fast-Track Legislation for Trans-Tasman Resources Limited.


                        Review of operations
                        Information on the operations and financial position of the group and its business strategies and prospects is
                        set out in the Review of Operations on pages 3 to 16 of this annual report.

                        Significant changes in state of affairs
                        During the year there have been no significant changes in the state of affairs of the Group other than:

                                Wonawinta Ore reserves declaration13
                                On 3 June 2025 the Company announced updated Ore Reserves for the Wonawinta Silver Mine. This
                                declaration underpins a positive evaluation of turning the operation to account, inclusive of modifying
                                the metallurgical facility to handle high slime content ore, established a far clearer ROM pad geo-met
                                management plan, and enabling assessment of also processing incremental Mt Boppy gold ore.
                                Mt Boppy Ore reserves declaration 14
                                During the financial period the Company has been reviewing the Ore Reserve estimate at Mt Boppy. On
                                29 July 2025 the Company announced an updated Ore Reserve estimate for the Mt Boppy open pit. This
                                work has further advanced the opportunity with increased metal prices to augment Wonawinta Ag
                                production with Mt Boppy gold ore sourced from a combination of processing surface stockpiles,
                                economic rock dump material, and open pit ore.
                                TTR submitted application for marine consents being considered under the Fast-Track Approvals Act
                                2024
                                Manuka’s 100% owned New Zealand subsidiary Trans-Tasman Resources Limited’s (TTR) Taranaki VTM
                                Project hosts a significant shallow offshore iron sands and vanadium project in the South Taranaki Bight
                                (STB) of New Zealand. The Project is at the Bankable Feasibility Study (BFS) stage, has a granted Mining
                                Permit and now being considered under NZ’s Fast-track Approvals Act 2024 consenting legislation for its
                                final approvals to operate. Final government approvals for the project will trigger commencement of
                                final detailed operating, engineering and capital costings. Once developed the TTR project would be a
                                major export earner for New Zealand and a significant employer in the local community producing an
                                iron ore concentrate with significant critical minerals vanadium and titanium metal credits. The
                                vanadium co-product is required for high grade steel alloys and with increasing application in large-scale
                                renewable energy battery storage technologies.


                        13
                             Refer ASX announcement dated 3 June 2025
                        14
                             Refer ASX announcement dated 29 July 2025

                                                                                                                               23 | P a g e
                        Manuka Resources Ltd
                        For the year ended 30 June 2025

                        Directors’ Report (cont’d)

                        Dividends
                        No dividends were paid or declared during the financial year ended 30 June 2025 (2024: Nil) and no
                        recommendation is made as to dividends.
                        Events arising since the end of the reporting period
                        Secured Debt Facility Repayment
                        Since the end of the reporting period, the Company has been informed that the existing senior debt facility of
                        US$12.4 million has been assigned to existing (non-related) shareholders utilising a trust structure (Trust
                        Debt). In addition, the repayment date has been extended to 31 March 2026. The Company will reimburse the
                        Trust Debt for market related fees & expenses in consideration for the extension.
                        Conversion of Convertible Note
                        On 5th August 2025, a Convertible Note holder converted a convertible note with a face value of $2,400,000
                        plus interest to 65,652,501 fully paid ordinary shares in the Company.
                        Apart from the matters noted above, there are no other matters or circumstances that have arisen since the




For personal use only
                        end of the period that has significantly affected or may significantly affect either the Group’s operations in
                        future financial years, the results of those operations in future financial years or the Group’s state of
                        affairs in future financial years.
                        Likely developments
                        Processing of the screened gold material through the Mt Boppy plant is forecast to commence in April 2026
                        and is forecast to continue for four to five years. This project will make a material difference to the finances
                        of the Company. Manuka has commenced discussions with a number of parties with the intention of acquiring
                        new debt facilities and expects completion before 31 December 2025.
                        Directors’ meetings
                        The number of meetings of the Company’s Board of Directors (“The Board”) (including meetings of
                        Committees of Directors where appointed) held during the period and the number of meetings attended by
                        each Director is as follows:
                                                                         Board Meetings
                                      Board Member                     Entitled    Attended
                                                                      to Attend
                                      Dennis Karp                             15           15
                                      Alan J Eggers                           15           15
                                      John Seton                              15          15
                                                          (1)
                                      Anthony McPaul                          11          10
                                     (1)
                                       Resigned 3rd December 2024

                        During the period and having regard to the size of the Company and the nature of its activities and the
                        composition and structure of the Board, the full Board has the responsibility for and performs the functions
                        of the Nomination and Audit Committees.

                        The Remuneration Committee consists of two Non-Executive Directors – Mr Eggers and Mr Seton. Mr Seton
                        is the independent Chairman; two meetings were held during the period with Messrs Seton and Eggers in
                        attendance at both meetings.




                                                                                                                            24 | P a g e
                        Manuka Resources Ltd
                        For the year ended 30 June 2025

                        Directors’ Report (cont’d)

                        Corporate Governance Statement
                        For the financial year ended 30 June 2025 (Reporting Period) the Company has adopted the fourth edition of
                        the Corporate Governance Principles and Recommendations released by the ASX Corporate Governance
                        Council. The Company’s 2025 Annual Corporate Governance Statement has been approved by the Board and
                        is publicly available on the Company’s website at www.manukaresources.com.au/site/about/corporate-
                        governance. It will also be released to the ASX at the same time as this 2025 Annual Report.

                        Unissued shares under option
                        Unissued ordinary shares of Manuka Resources under option at the date of this report are:
                                                     Date                             Exercise
                                                                                                  Number
                                                    Options         Expiry Date       Price of
                                                                                                under option
                                                    Granted                            Shares
                                                       Dec-22       16th Dec 2025         $0.17   19,571,419




For personal use only
                                                          Nov-23    17th Nov 2025         $0.05   10,000,000
                                                                       st
                                                          Nov-23    31 Dec 2025           $0.10   25,757,575
                                                                       th
                                                          Jan-24     24 Jan 2026          $0.08    5,000,000
                                                                      st
                                                          Apr-24    31 Mar 2026           $0.08    5,000,000
                                                                       th
                                                          Jun-24     30 Jun 2026          $0.06    1,162,611
                                                          Jun-24     3rd April 2027       $0.11    5,000,000
                                                                      th
                                                          Jun-24    26 June 2026          $0.04    5,000,000
                                                                      th
                                                           Jul-24   15 May 2026           $0.06   17,488,481
                                                                      th
                                                           Jul-24   15 May 2026           $0.06   87,789,962
                                                                      st
                                                          Dec-24    31 May 2026           $0.06   22,000,000
                                                                      st
                                                          May-25    31 May 2026           $0.06    3,000,000
                                                                       th
                                                          Jun-25     29 Jun 2026          $0.06    1,000,000
                                                                       th
                                                          Aug-25     7 Aug 2028           $0.10   40,000,000


                        No shares were issued during or since the end of the year as a result of exercise of the options.

                        Material business risks
                        Operational risks
                        The operations of the Company may be affected by various factors many of which are beyond the control of
                        the Company, including failure to locate or identify additional mineral deposits, failure to achieve predicted
                        grades in exploration or mining, operational and technical difficulties encountered in mining, difficulties in
                        commissioning and/or operating plant and equipment, mechanical failure or plant breakdown, unanticipated
                        metallurgical problems which may affect extraction costs, adverse weather conditions, industrial and
                        environmental accidents, industrial disputes and unexpected shortages or increases in the costs of labour,
                        consumables, spare parts, plant and equipment, fire, explosions, cost of logistics and other incidents beyond
                        the control of the Company.




                                                                                                                            25 | P a g e
                        Manuka Resources Ltd
                        For the year ended 30 June 2025

                        Directors’ Report (cont’d)

                        Nature of mineral exploration and mining
                        The business of mineral exploration, development and production is subject to a number of material risks. The
                        success of the Company’s business depends, amongst other things, on successful exploration and/or
                        acquisition of reserves, securing and maintaining title to tenements and consents, successful design,
                        construction, commissioning and operation of mining and processing facilities, successful development and
                        production in accordance with expectation and successful management of the operations. Exploration and
                        mining are speculative undertakings which may be hampered by force majeure events, land claims and
                        unforeseen mining and/or mechanical problems. Increased costs, lower output or high operating costs may
                        all contribute to make a project less profitable than expected at the time of the development decision. There
                        is no assurance that the Company’s current or planned processing activities will continue or commence, as
                        applicable, as expected.
                        Commodity price volatility
                        As the Company’s revenues are primarily derived from the sale of precious metals, any future earnings
                        generated by the Company will be closely related to the market prices for precious metals (which can vary




For personal use only
                        materially during short periods of time). Commodity prices fluctuate and are affected by numerous factors
                        beyond the control of the Company. These factors include supply and demand fluctuations for precious and
                        base metals, forward selling by major producers, and production cost levels in major gold and silver producing
                        regions. Moreover, commodity prices are also affected by macroeconomic factors such as expectations
                        regarding inflation, interest rates and global and regional demand for, and supply of, the precious metals as
                        well as general global economic conditions. These factors may also have an adverse effect on the Company’s
                        exploration, development and production activities, as well as on its ability to fund those activities.
                        Currency volatility
                        International prices of various commodities, including gold and silver, are denominated in United States
                        dollars, whereas the income and expenditure of the Company are and will be taken in account in Australia
                        dollars, consequently exposing the Company to fluctuations and volatility of the rate of exchange between the
                        United States dollar and the Australian dollar as determined by the international markets.
                        Financial indebtedness risk
                        The Company manages its various financial obligations by preparing detailed cash flow forecasts and
                        monitoring actual cash flows. However, the Company’s ability to service its various financial obligations may
                        be impaired by the occurrence of any number of factors. In such circumstances and if the Company were
                        unable to obtain sufficient alternative funding, its creditors would be able to exercise their security over the
                        Company’s assets or pursue alternative remedies any of which would likely have a material adverse effect on
                        the Company’s financial condition, prospects and ability to continue as a going concern.

                        Environmental legislation
                        The operations of Manuka Resources Limited are subject to a number of particular and significant
                        environmental regulations under a law of the Commonwealth or of a State or Territory in Australia and in New
                        Zealand.
                        All conditions governing the administration of various environmental and tenement licences have been
                        complied with. So far as the Directors are aware there has been no known breach of the Group’s licence
                        conditions, and all activities comply with relevant environmental regulations. The Directors are not aware of
                        any environmental regulation which is not being complied with.




                                                                                                                            26 | P a g e
                        Manuka Resources Ltd
                        For the year ended 30 June 2025

                        Directors’ Report (cont’d)

                        Sustainability
                        The Company is committed to accepting accountability for its sustainability performance and to this end has
                        approved a number of actions. The renamed Audit, Risk & Sustainability Sub-Committee specifically highlights
                        the importance of focusing on sustainability performance, and the Board Charter has been amended
                        accordingly. The Company is in the process of reviewing and updating all polices targeting activities which may
                        have environmental and social impacts. At an operational level, all capital expenditure requests now require
                        an additional assessment of environmental, social and governance factors.

                        The Company has published its Sustainability Statement, highlighting our priorities and commitments,
                        including a commitment to align to the United Nations’ SDG’s (Sustainable Development Goals).

                        An important consideration in addressing potential impacts is ensuring we are engaged with all our relevant
                        stakeholders. We continue to review our internal stakeholder materiality impact assessment and plan to




For personal use only
                        broaden this over the next year to include better engagement with key stakeholders.

                        Remuneration report (audited)
                        The information provided in this remuneration report has been audited as required by section 308(3C) of the
                        Corporations Act 2001. The remuneration report sets out remuneration information for the Company’s
                        Executive Director, Non-Executive Directors and other Key Management Personnel (“KMP”). The report
                        contains the following sections:

                        a)   Key Management Personnel disclosed in this report;
                        b)   Remuneration policy;
                        c)   Performance-based remuneration;
                        d)   Company performance, shareholder wealth and directors’ and executives’ remuneration;
                        e)   Use of remuneration consultants;
                        f)   Details of remuneration;
                        g)   Service agreements;
                        h)   Share-based compensation;
                        i)   Equity instruments held by Key Management Personnel; and
                        j)   Other transactions with Key Management Personnel.

                        a) Key Management Personnel disclosed in this report
                        Directors
                        The following persons were Directors of Manuka Resources Ltd during or since the end of the financial period
                        and up to the date of this report:
                                Mr Dennis Karp
                                Mr Alan J Eggers
                                Mr John Seton
                                Mr Anthony McPaul (resigned 3rd December 2024)

                        Other Key Management Personnel
                            Haydn Lynch, Chief Operations Officer

                        There have been no changes to directors or KMP since the end of the reporting period. Details of the equity
                        instruments in which Directors have an interest are outlined in paragraph (i) below.




                                                                                                                           27 | P a g e
                        Manuka Resources Ltd
                        For the year ended 30 June 2025

                        Directors’ Report (cont’d)

                        Mr Dennis Karp
                        Executive Chairman
                        Director since 20th April 2016, Executive Chairman since 1 March 2020

                        Mr Karp commenced his career in the Australian financial markets in 1983. He was the Head of Trading at
                        HSBC Australia prior to joining Tennant Limited in 1997, a substantial Australian domiciled physical commodity
                        trading company with operations in Asia and Europe. He was a principal shareholder of Tennant Metals until
                        2010 and managing director from 2000 until December 2014. Mr Karp founded ResCap Investments Pty Ltd in
                        December 2014.

                        Over the past 12 years, Mr Karp has been involved in various resource projects and investment opportunities
                        in base metals and bulk commodities which have had marketing rights attached.

                        Mr Karp holds a Bachelor of Commerce from the University of Cape Town. Mr Karp does not hold any current




For personal use only
                        and has not held any former directorships in other listed companies in the last 3 years.

                        Mr Alan J Eggers
                        Executive Director
                        Director since 10 November 2022, Executive Director since 1 February 2023

                        Alan is a geologist with over 40 years of local and international experience. He brings with him exceptional
                        commercial expertise and was a founding director of Summit Resources Limited which they built from listing
                        on the NZX in 1987 into an ASX top 200 company and an ultimate takeover by Paladin Energy for A$1.2B in
                        2007. He holds a number of private directorships.

                        Alan holds Bachelor of Science, Honours and Master of Science degrees from Victoria University of Wellington.
                        He’s a Fellow of the Society of Economic Geologists, a Fellow of AusIMM and a Member Australian Institute of
                        Geoscientists.

                        Mr John Seton
                        Non-executive Director
                        Director since 10 November 2022

                        John is an Auckland based lawyer with extensive experience in commercial law and the mineral resources
                        sector. He was a director of Summit Resources Limited until its sale in 2007, as well as being a director of a
                        number of other ASX and NZX listed companies and various private companies. He was a former Chairman of
                        the Vietnam/New Zealand Business Council.

                        John holds a Bachelor of Laws from Victoria University, Wellington, and a Masters of Law (Honours) from the
                        University of Auckland.

                        Mr Seton has held the following Directorships in other listed companies in the 3 years immediately before the
                        end of the financial year:
                            Manhattan Corporation Limited (ASX: MHC)
                            Good Spirits Hospitality Limited (NZX: GSH)




                                                                                                                          28 | P a g e
                        Manuka Resources Ltd
                        For the year ended 30 June 2025

                        Directors’ Report (cont’d)

                        Mr Anthony McPaul
                        Non-executive Director
                        Director since 25th November 2016. Resigned 3rd December 2024.

                        b) Remuneration policy
                        The remuneration policy of Manuka Resources Limited has been designed to align key management personnel
                        objectives with shareholder and business objectives by providing a fixed remuneration component and
                        offering specific long-term incentives based on key performance areas affecting the Group’s financial results.
                        The board of Manuka Resources Limited believes the remuneration policy to be appropriate and effective in
                        its ability to attract and retain the best key management personnel to run and manage the Group.

                        The board’s policy for determining the nature and amount of remuneration for key management personnel of
                        the Group is as follows:




For personal use only
                           The remuneration policy, setting the terms and conditions for the executive directors and other senior
                            executives (if any), was developed by the board. All executives receive a base salary (which is based on
                            factors such as length of service and experience) and superannuation. The board reviews executive
                            packages annually by reference to the Group’s performance, executive performance and comparable
                            information from industry sectors and other listed companies in similar industries.
                           The board exercises its discretion in relation to approving incentives, bonuses and options. The policy is
                            designed to attract and retain the highest calibre of executives and reward them for performance that
                            results in long term growth in shareholder wealth.
                           Executives are also entitled to participate in the employee share and option arrangements.
                           The executive directors and executives (if any) receive a superannuation guarantee contribution required
                            by the government, which was 11.5% for the 2025 financial year (2024: 11%) payable on earnings up to
                            the maximum contribution base of $65,070 per quarter (2024: $62,270 per quarter), and do not receive
                            any other retirement benefits. Some individuals may choose to sacrifice part of their salary to increase
                            payments towards superannuation.
                           All remuneration paid to directors and executives is valued at the cost to the Group and expensed. The
                            cost of share-based payments is measured by reference to the fair value at the date at which they are
                            granted using an option pricing model.
                           The board policy is to remunerate non-executive directors at market rates for comparable companies for
                            time, commitment, and responsibilities. The board determines payments to the non-executive directors
                            and reviews their remuneration annually, based on market practice, duties and accountability.
                            Independent external advice is sought when required. The maximum aggregate amount of fees that can
                            be paid to non-executive directors is subject to approval by shareholders at the Annual General Meeting
                            (currently $240,000). Fees for non-executive directors are not linked to the performance of the Group.
                            However, to align directors’ interests with shareholder interests, the directors are encouraged to hold
                            shares in the Company.

                        c) Performance-based remuneration
                        The Group currently has no formal performance-based remuneration component built into key management
                        personnel remuneration packages. Remuneration and discretionary share based payments are issued to align
                        the Directors’ interest with that of shareholders.




                                                                                                                          29 | P a g e
                        Manuka Resources Ltd
                        For the year ended 30 June 2025

                        Directors’ Report (cont’d)

                        d) Company performance, shareholder wealth and directors’ and executives’ remuneration
                        Whilst no formal policy exists, remuneration is tailored to increase the direct positive relationship between
                        shareholders’ investment objectives and key management personnel performance. Currently, this is facilitated
                        through the issue of options to the majority of key management personnel, pending on Company
                        performance, to encourage the alignment of personal and shareholder interests. The Group believes this
                        policy will be effective in increasing shareholder wealth.

                        The table below shows the gross revenue, profits and (losses) and earnings per share for the last five financial
                        periods for the listed entity.
                                                                                                                         2021
                                                            2025           2024            2023          2022      Restated *
                                                                    $             $             $              $              $
                        Revenue and other income             946,874     15,195,323    9,899,903    53,271,499     44,544,455




For personal use only
                        Net profit / (loss)               (16,876,465) (18,234,635) (26,342,019)     5,281,420     (3,074,177)
                        Profit / (loss) per share
                        (cents)                                 (2.11)        (2.69)       (6.15)           1.92         (1.19)
                        Share price                             $0.04         $0.04        $0.05          $0.17          $0.32
                        No dividends have been paid during the financial years ended 30 June 2021 to 30 June 2025.

                        * The amounts shown for 2021 have been restated in relation to a correction of the movement and valuation
                        of Rehabilitation Provisions, Development Assets and Environmental Bonds. The impact of the restatement
                        on the statement of comprehensive income, was an increase for the period ended 30 June 2021 of $489,475.

                        e) Use of remuneration consultants
                        The Group did not employ the services of any remuneration consultants during the financial year ended 30
                        June 2025 (2024: None).




                                                                                                                            30 | P a g e
                        Manuka Resources Ltd
                        For the year ended 30 June 2025

                        Directors’ Report (cont’d)

                        f) Details of remuneration
                        Details of the remuneration of the key management personnel of the Group are set out in the following table.
                        The prior year accrual for Annual and Long Service Leave has been corrected and updated.
                                                                              Fixed Remuneration                                       Share-based Payments
                                                                                                  Accrual for
                                                                                     Non-         Annual and                                         Equity-
                                                                 Salary/         Monetary        Long Service                     Equity-settled     settled
                                                           Directors Fee          Benefits             Leave     Superannuation          Shares     Options         Total
                                                                         $                 $                $                $                $           $            $
                          Directors
                          Dennis Karp
                              2025                               350,000                   -             4,815           30,000                -           -      384,815
                              2024                               350,000                   -           19,543            27,424                -           -      396,967
                          Alan J Eggers15
                              2025                               252,000                   -                 -                -                -           -      252,000




For personal use only
                              2024                               240,000                   -                 -                -                -           -      240,000
                          Anthony McPaul16
                               2025                               27,085                   -                 -                -                -           -       27,085
                               2024                                      -                 -                 -                -          65,005       7,692        72,697
                          John Seton17
                               2025                               65,000                   -                 -                -                -           -       65,000
                               2024                               32,500                   -                 -                -          32,500       6,710        71,710
                          Other KMP (Group)
                          Haydn Lynch
                              2025                               244,708                   -             7,602           28,141                -           -      280,451
                              2024                               244,708                   -           13,193            26,918                -           -      284,819
                          Total KMP remuneration
                          expensed
                              2025                               938,793                   -           12,417            58,141                -           -    1,009,351
                              2024                               867,208                   -           32,736            54,342          97,505      14,402     1,066,193




                        15 Director fees for Mr Eggers are paid into a Company nominated by Mr Eggers.
                        16 Director fees for Mr McPaul are paid into a Company nominated by Mr McPaul.
                        17 Director fees for Mr Seton are paid into an entity nominated by Mr Seton.


                                                                                                                                                               31 | P a g e
                        Manuka Resources Ltd
                        For the year ended 30 June 2025

                        Directors’ Report (cont’d)

                        g) Service agreements
                        The details of service agreements of the key management personnel of the Group are as follows:

                        Dennis Karp, Executive Chairman:
                        (a)   Mr Karp was appointed Executive Chairman on 1 March 2020 at an annual salary of $240,000 (plus
                              superannuation). The annual salary was increased effective 1 January 2022 to $350,000 (plus
                              superannuation); and
                        (b)   The agreement is ongoing until terminated in accordance with the agreement. Mr Karp may terminate
                              the agreement by giving 12 weeks’ notice in writing to the Company and the Company may terminate
                              the agreement (without cause) by giving Mr Karp 12 weeks’ written notice or by making payment in lieu
                              of notice.

                        Alan J Eggers, Executive Director:
                        (b)    Mr Eggers was appointed Executive Director on 1 February 2023 at an annual consultancy fee of




For personal use only
                               $240,000 inclusive of superannuation, exclusive of any GST; and
                        (c)    The agreement is ongoing until terminated in accordance with the agreement. Mr Eggers may terminate
                               the agreement by giving 3 months’ notice in writing to the Company and the Company may terminate
                               the agreement (without cause) by giving Mr Eggers 3 months’ written notice or by making payment in
                               lieu of notice.

                        Haydn Lynch, Chief Operations Officer:
                        (a)  Mr Lynch was appointed Chief Operating Officer on 1 July 2019 at an annual salary of $240,000 (inclusive
                             of superannuation). The annual salary was increased effective 1 January 2022 to $270,000 inclusive of
                             superannuation; and
                        (b)  The agreement is ongoing until terminated in accordance with the agreement. Mr Lynch may terminate
                             the agreement by giving 12 weeks’ notice in writing to the Company and the Company may terminate
                             the agreement (without cause) by giving Mr Lynch 12 weeks’ written notice or by making payment in
                             lieu of notice.

                        John Seton, Non-executive Director:
                        Mr Seton has entered into service agreements with the company in the form of a letter of appointment. The
                        letter summarises the board policies and terms, including remuneration, relevant to the office of director.
                        Annual remuneration is $65,000 per annum effective 1 January 2022 (previously $45,154 per annum), with
                        additional fees payable where the Board determines special duties, or services outside the scope of the of the
                        ordinary duties of a NED, have been performed. Remuneration is subject to annual review by the Board and
                        reasonable notice of an intention to resign or to not seek re-election should be given to the Company.

                        Anthony McPaul, Non-executive Director:
                        Resigned 3 December 2024.




                                                                                                                          32 | P a g e
                        Manuka Resources Ltd
                        For the year ended 30 June 2025

                        Directors’ Report (cont’d)

                        h) Share-based compensation
                        Shares
                        During the financial period no fully paid Ordinary Shares were issued in lieu of cash payments of Non-Executive
                        Directors fees.

                        Options
                        Options are issued to key management personnel as part of their remuneration. The options are not issued
                        based on performance criteria but are issued to the majority of key management personnel of Manuka
                        Resources Limited to increase goal congruence between key management personnel and shareholders.

                        No ordinary shares in the Company have been provided as a result of the exercise of remuneration options to
                        each director of Manuka Resources Limited and other key management personnel of the Group during the
                        year.




For personal use only
                        i) Equity instruments held by Key Management Personnel
                        Shareholdings
                        The numbers of shares in the Company held during the financial year by each director of Manuka Resources
                        Limited and other key management personnel of the Group, including their related parties, and any nominally
                        held, are set out below. There were no shares granted during the reporting period as compensation.



                                                                                   Received during
                                                              Balance at start of   the year on the    Other changes    Balance at end of
                                                     Note              the year exercise of Options   during the year            the year
                        Directors
                        Dennis Karp                                 60,212,789                    -                 -         60,212,789
                        Alan J Eggers                               61,375,887                    -                 -         61,375,887
                        Anthony McPaul                (a)             1,620,944                   -                 -          1,620,944
                        John Seton                                  50,975,544                    -                 -         50,975,544
                        Other KMP
                        Haydn Lynch                                   3,966,629                   -                 -          3,966,629
                                                     rd
                        a) Mr McPaul resigned 3 December 2024




                                                                                                                             33 | P a g e
                        Manuka Resources Ltd
                        For the year ended 30 June 2025

                        Directors’ Report (cont’d)

                        Option holdings
                        The numbers of options over ordinary shares in the Company held during the financial year by each director
                        of Manuka Resources Limited and other key management personnel of the Group, including their personally
                        related parties, and any nominally held, are set out below.

                                                                     Balance at     Granted as                   Balance at
                                                                    start of the      compen-          Other     end of the   Vested and
                                                       Note                year         sation       changes          year    exercisable    Unvested
                            Directors
                            Dennis Karp                                         -            -              -             -             -            -
                            Alan Eggers                             12,000,000               -   (12,000,000)             -             -            -
                            Anthony McPaul                             620,944               -                     620,944       620,944             -
                            John Seton                                 541,667               -              -      541,667       541,667             -
                            Other KMP




For personal use only
                            Haydn Lynch                                         -            -              -             -             -            -


                        No options were exercised during the period (2024: Nil). All vested options are exercisable.

                        Details of options held by Directors are as follows:
                         Exercise price of 6 cents, expiry 15 May 2026
                                Directors                     # options held
                                John Seton                          541,667
                                Anthony McPaul                      620,944


                        j) Other transactions with Key Management Personnel
                              ResCap Investments Pty Ltd - A director, Mr Dennis Karp, is a director of, and holds a controlling interest
                               in, ResCap Investments Pty Ltd (“ResCap”). The Group has borrowing arrangements with ResCap.
                               Aggregate amounts of each of the above types of other transactions with key management personnel of
                               Manuka Resources Limited:

                                                                                                                30 June          30 June
                                                                                                                  2025             2024
                                                                                                                     $                 $
                        Details of related party transactions with ResCap through
                        the loan facility:
                        - Interest charged on loan                                                               43,670            6,615
                        Details of related party transactions with Anna Karp,
                        an individual directly related to a member of KMP:
                        -Sale of motor vehicle                                                                   32,500                 -
                        Details of balances with related parties:
                        Balance of loan with Manuka Resources Ltd
                        - payable to ResCap Investments Pty Ltd                                                 273,242          238,522



                                                                End of audited Remuneration Report




                                                                                                                                            34 | P a g e
                        Manuka Resources Ltd
                        For the year ended 30 June 2025

                        Directors’ Report (cont’d)

                        Indemnities given to, and insurance premiums paid for, auditors and officers
                        During the period, Manuka Resources has paid a premium to insure officers of the Company. The officers of
                        the Company that are covered by the insurance policy includes all directors and key management personnel.

                        The liabilities insured are legal costs that may be incurred in defending civil or criminal proceedings that may
                        be brought against the officers in their capacity as officers of the Company, and any other payments arising
                        from liabilities incurred by the officers in connection with such proceedings, other than where such liabilities
                        arise out of conduct involving a wilful breach of duty by the officers or the improper use by the officers of their
                        position or of information to gain advantage for themselves or someone else to cause detriment to the
                        Company.

                        The Company has not otherwise, during or since the end of the financial period, except to the extent permitted
                        by law, indemnified or agreed to indemnify any current or former officer of the Company against a liability




For personal use only
                        incurred as such by an officer.

                        The Company has agreed to indemnify its auditors, RSM Australia Partners, to the extent permitted by law,
                        against any claim by a third party arising from the Company’s breach of its agreement. The indemnity requires
                        the Company to meet the full amount of any such liabilities including a reasonable amount of legal costs.

                        Proceedings on behalf of the Company
                        No person has applied to the Court under section 237 of the Corporations Act 2001 for leave to bring
                        proceedings on behalf of the Company, or to intervene in any proceedings to which the Company is a party,
                        for the purpose of taking responsibility on behalf of the Company for all or part of those proceedings.

                        No proceedings have been brought, or intervened in, on behalf of the company with leave of the court under
                        section 237 of the Corporations Act 2001.

                        Audit and non-audit services
                        Details of the amounts paid or payable to the auditor for audit and non-audit services during the year are
                        disclosed in Note 9.

                        The Company may decide to employ the auditor on assignments additional to their statutory audit duties
                        where the auditor’s expertise and experience with the Company and/or the Group are important.

                        There were no non-audit services during the financial year ended 30 June 2025.

                        Auditor’s Independence Declaration
                        A copy of the Auditor’s Independence Declaration as required under s.307C of the Corporations Act 2001 is
                        included on the following page of this financial report and forms part of this Directors’ Report.

                        Signed in accordance with a resolution of the Directors.




                        Dennis Karp
                        Executive Chairman
                        Dated the 30th day of September 2025


                                                                                                                              35 | P a g e
                                                                                                                                       RSM Australia Partners

                                                                                                                                        Level 7, 1 Martin Place
                                                                                                                                                        Sydney
                                                                                                                                                    NSW 2000
                                                                                                                                                      Australia
                                                                                                                                         T +61 (02) 8226 4500
                                                                                                                                         F +61 (02) 8226 4501
                                                                                                                                                   rsm.com.au

                                                                         AUDITOR’S INDEPENDENCE DECLARATION


                        As lead auditor for the audit of the financial report of Manuka Resources Limited for the year ended 30 June 2025,
                        I declare that, to the best of my knowledge and belief, there have been no contraventions of:




For personal use only
                                  (i)      the auditor independence requirements of the Corporations Act 2001 in relation to the audit; and

                                  (ii)     any applicable code of professional conduct in relation to the audit.




                        RSM AUSTRALIA PARTNERS




                        C J Hume
                        Partner


                        Sydney, NSW
                        Dated: 30 September 2025




                                                                                                                                                  36| P a g e


                        RSM Australia Partners is a member of the RSM network and trades as RSM. RSM is the trading name used by the
                        members of the RSM network. Each member of the RSM network is an independent accounting and consulting firm
                        which practices in its own right. The RSM network is not itself a separate legal entity in any jurisdiction.
                        RSM Australia Partners ABN 36 965 185 036
                        Liability limited by a scheme approved under Professional Standards Legislation
                        Manuka Resources Ltd
                        For the year ended 30 June 2025




                        Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss and
                        Other Comprehensive Income
                        For the year ended 30 June 2025
                                                                                                                      30 June                         30 June
                                                                                    Notes
                                                                                                                        2025                            2024
                                                                                                                              $                                 $
                        Sales revenue                                                5(a)                                     -                   15,195,323
                        Cost of sales                                                6(a)                                     -                 (21,938,371)
                        Operating profit                                                                                      -                  (6,743,048)




For personal use only
                        Other income                                                 5(b)                             946,874                      1,445,945


                        Other expenses                                                6(c)                         (7,319,117)                   (5,236,994)
                        Share based payment expenses                                  6(f)                                    -                     (399,210)
                        Foreign exchange gains / (losses)                            6(e)                            (244,639)                         22,864
                        Profit /(loss) before finance expenses                                                     (6,616,882)                  (10,910,443)
                        Finance expenses                                               7                         (10,259,583)                    (7,324,192)
                        Profit / (loss) before income tax                                                        (16,876,465)                   (18,234,635)
                        Income tax expense                                             8                                      -                             -
                        Profit / (loss) for the period attributable to
                        members of Manuka Resources Limited
                                                                                                                 (16,876,465)                   (18,234,635)
                        Other comprehensive income / (expense)                                                        385,588                        (67,273)
                        Total comprehensive income / (expense)                                                        385,588                        (67,273)
                        Total comprehensive profit / (loss) for the year
                        attributable to members of Manuka Resources
                        Limited                                                                                  (16,490,877)                   (18,301,908)


                        Profit / (loss) per share for loss attributable to
                        the ordinary equity holders of the Company
                        Basic profit /(loss) per share (cents per share)              24                                 (2.11)                         (2.69)
                        Diluted profit /(loss) per share (cents per
                                                                                      24
                        share)18                                                                                         (2.11)                         (2.69)




                        This statement should be read in conjunction with the notes to the financial statements.

                        18 As the Group made a loss for the year ended 30 June 2025, none of the potentially dilutive securities were included in the calculation of diluted
                        earnings per share for that year. These securities could potentially dilute basic earnings per share in the future.


                                                                                                                                                            37 | P a g e
                        Manuka Resources Ltd
                        For the year ended 30 June 2025




                        Consolidated Statement of Financial Position
                        As at 30 June 2025

                                                                                                             30 June      30 June
                                                                              Notes                            2025         2024
                                                                                                                   $           $
                        Assets
                        Current
                        Cash and cash equivalents                               11                          968,645     2,125,350
                        Trade and other receivables                             12                             8,696      14,332
                        Prepayments                                             13                            34,472      54,683




For personal use only
                        Inventories                                             14                          237,899      226,451
                        Other financial assets                                 19.3                           21,000      95,565
                        Total current assets                                                              1,270,712     2,516,381
                        Non-current
                        Mine properties and development assets                  15                          629,900      878,485
                        Exploration and evaluation assets                       16                       37,934,470    36,549,107
                        Property, plant and equipment                           17                       13,752,823    14,891,900
                        Right-of-use asset                                      18                          334,568      128,629
                        Other financial assets                                 19.3                        5,475,357    6,173,104
                        Total non-current assets                                                         58,127,118    58,621,225
                        Total assets                                                                     59,397,830    61,137,606


                        Liabilities
                        Current
                        Trade and other payables                                20                         8,467,206    7,241,172
                        Provisions                                              21                          294,699      308,318
                        Borrowings                                             19.2                      40,278,049    28,199,863
                        Lease liabilities                                       18                          111,183      141,195
                        Total Current liabilities                                                        49,151,137    35,890,548
                        Non-current
                        Provisions                                              21                         7,620,743    8,047,418
                        Lease liabilities                                       18                          231,609             -
                        Borrowings                                             19.2                           98,605     189,489
                        Total non-current liabilities                                                      7,950,957    8,236,907
                        Total liabilities                                                                57,102,094    44,127,455
                        Net assets                                                                        2,295,736    17,010,151




                        This statement should be read in conjunction with the notes to the financial statements.




                                                                                                                               38 | P a g e
                        Manuka Resources Ltd
                        For the year ended 30 June 2025

                        Consolidated Statement of Financial Position (cont’d)

                                                                                                             30 June       30 June
                                                                              Notes                            2025          2024
                                                                                                                   $             $


                        Equity
                        Share capital                                           22                       72,948,453     71,396,811
                        Share based payment reserve                             25                         1,701,146     5,253,710
                        Other reserves                                                                      358,475        (27,113)
                        Accumulated losses                                                              (72,712,338)   (59,613,257)
                        Total equity                                                                      2,295,736     17,010,151




For personal use only




                        This statement should be read in conjunction with the notes to the financial statements.




                                                                                                                                 39 | P a g e
                        Manuka Resources Ltd
                        For the year ended 30 June 2025




                        Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity
                        For the year ended 30 June 2025
                                                                                              Share-based
                                                                                 Share         payment           Other         Accumulated
                                                                                                reserve                                          Total equity
                                                                                Capital                         reserves          losses
                                                                    Notes
                                                                                   $               $                 $                                $
                         Balance as at 1 July 2023                            57,038,387          4,242,049         40,160      (41,378,622)      19,941,974
                         Loss for the period                                              -                 -              -    (18,234,635)     (18,234,635)
                         Other comprehensive profit/(loss)                                -                 -      (67,273)                  -       (67,273)




For personal use only
                         Total comprehensive loss for the period                          -                 -      (67,273)     (18,234,635)     (18,301,908)
                         Contribution of equity                               11,097,497                    -              -                 -    11,097,497
                         Share based payments                         25       4,001,061          1,011,661                -                 -     5,012,722
                         Share issue costs                                      (740,134)                   -              -                 -     (740,134)
                         Balance as at 30 June 2024                           71,396,811          5,253,710        (27,113)     (59,613,257)      17,010,151
                         Loss for the period                                              -                 -              -    (16,876,465)     (16,876,465)

                         Other comprehensive profit/(loss)                                -                 -      385,588                   -       385,588
                         Total comprehensive loss for the period                       -                    -      385,588      (16,876,465)     (16,490,877)
                         Contribution of equity                                1,698,790                    -            -                 -        1,698,790

                         Share based payments                         25                  -         224,820                -                 -       224,820

                         Transfer expired share-based payments                            -     (3,777,384)                -      3,777,384                 -

                         Share issue costs                                      (147,148)                   -              -                 -     (147,148)

                         Balance as at 30 June 2025                           72,948,453          1,701,146        358,475      (72,712,338)       2,295,736




                        This statement should be read in conjunction with the notes to the financial statements.




                                                                                                                                                 40 | P a g e
                 Manuka Resources Ltd
                 For the year ended 30 June 2025



                 Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
                 For the year ended 30 June 2025


                                                                           Notes                       2025            2024
                                                                                                            $             $
                   Operating activities
                   Receipts from customers                                                                  -    14,926,361
                   Payments to suppliers and employees                                           (6,138,995)    (22,970,262)
                   Other income                                                                     952,510       1,415,662
                   Finance costs                                                                    (16,900)      (601,242)
                   Net cash from operating activities                       23                   (5,203,385)     (7,229,481)
                   Investing activities
                   Acquisition of property, plant and equipment                                             -     (328,694)




For personal use only
                   Sale of property, plant and equipment                                            100,116                -
                   Payments for development and exploration assets                                 (259,672)     (1,094,023)
                   Exploration bonds                                                                 51,000         114,000
                   Security bonds                                                                    23,564         (23,565)
                   Net cash (used in) investing activities                                          (84,992)     (1,332,282)
                   Financing activities
                   Repayments of borrowings                                                     (31,862,697)     (8,232,067)
                   Proceeds from borrowings                                                      34,678,799       9,250,838
                   Repayment of lease liabilities                                                  (236,073)      (642,743)
                   Proceeds from issues of ordinary shares                 22.1                   1,698,789      10,689,622
                   Costs of issue of ordinary shares                                               (147,148)      (644,370)
                   Net cash from financing activities                                             4,131,671      10,421,280
                   Net change in cash and cash equivalents                                       (1,156,705)      1,859,517
                   Cash and cash equivalents, at beginning of the period                          2,125,350         265,833
                   Cash and cash equivalents, at end of period              11                      968,645       2,125,350




                 This statement should be read in conjunction with the notes to the financial statements.




                                                                                                                               41 | P a g e
                 Manuka Resources Ltd
                 For the year ended 30 June 2025




                 Notes to the Financial Statements
                 1      Nature of operations and general information and statement of compliance
                 The principal activities of Manuka Resources Ltd comprise mine development, mining and processing of silver, gold
                 and exploration activities.

                 During the financial year, the Company’s principal activities related to Ore Reserve estimations for the Wonawinta
                 Silver and Mt Boppy gold mines. These operations have been on care and maintenance during the review period.

                 In addition, during the period, the Company continued to work towards progressing the approval of Trans-Tasman
                 Resources Ltd key asset, their Taranaki VTM Project (New Zealand).

                 The financial report includes the consolidated financial statements and notes of Manuka Resources Limited and its
                 controlled entities, Mt Boppy Resources Pty Ltd and Trans-Tasman Resources Ltd (Consolidated Group or Group).




For personal use only
                 These general-purpose financial statements have been prepared in accordance with Australian Accounting Standards
                 and Interpretations issued by the Australian Accounting Standards Board and the Corporations Act 2001. These include
                 Australian equivalents to International Financial Reporting Standards (AIFRS). Compliance with AIFRS ensures the that
                 the financial report, comprising the financial statements and the notes, complies with International Financial Reporting
                 Standards (IFRS).

                 Manuka Resources Limited is a for-profit entity for the purpose of preparing the financial statements.

                 Manuka Resources Ltd is a Public Company incorporated and domiciled in Australia. The address of its registered
                 office and its principal place of business is Level 4, Grafton Bond Building, 201 Kent Street, Sydney, New South Wales.
                 The consolidated financial statements for the year ended 30 June 2025 were approved and authorised for issue by the
                 Board of Directors on 30 September 2025. The directors have the power to amend and reissue the financial
                 statements.

                 In accordance with ASIC Corporations (Rounding in Financial/Directors’ Reports) Instrument 2016/191, the amounts
                 in the Directors’ report and in the financial report have been rounded to the nearest dollar.

                 2      Changes in accounting policies
                 2.1    New and amended standards adopted
                 The consolidated entity has adopted all of the new or amended Accounting Standards and Interpretations issued by
                 the Australian Accounting Standards Board ('AASB') that are mandatory for the current reporting period.

                 Any new or amended Accounting Standards or Interpretations that are not yet mandatory have not been early
                 adopted.




                                                                                                                             42 | P a g e
                 Manuka Resources Ltd
                 For the year ended 30 June 2025

                 Notes to the Financial Statements (cont’d)

                 3      Material accounting policy information
                 3.1    Overall considerations
                 The significant accounting policies that have been used in the preparation of these financial statements are
                 summarised below.

                 The financial statements have been prepared using the measurement bases specified by Australian Accounting
                 Standards for each type of asset, liability, income and expense. The measurement bases are more fully described in
                 the accounting policies below.

                 The financial statements have been prepared on a historical cost basis, except for the assets held for sale which are
                 measured at fair value less cost of disposal. The financial statements are presented in Australian dollars which is the
                 Company’s functional and presentation currency.

                 3.2    Going Concern




For personal use only
                 The financial statements have been prepared on the going concern basis, which contemplates continuity of normal
                 business activities and the realisation of assets and discharge of liabilities in the normal course of business.

                 As disclosed in the financial statements, the group incurred a loss of $16,876,465 and had net cash outflows from
                 operating activities of $5,203,385 for the year ended 30 June 2025. As at that date the company’s net current liabilities
                 are $47,880,425.

                 These factors indicate a material uncertainty which may cast significant doubt as to whether the Group will continue
                 as a going concern and therefore whether it will realise its assets and extinguish its liabilities in the normal course of
                 business and at the amounts stated in the financial report.

                 The ability to continue as a going concern is dependent on a number of factors, including:
                      successful refinancing to replace its existing current debt facilities;
                      raising additional funds in the capital and debt markets;
                     manage the creditor book and long dated creditors, repayment of long dated creditors via the proceeds from
                       funds from capital raising or debt facilities; and
                      the ability of the Group to commence gold production (and by-product silver) profitably and consistently as
                       planned at Mt Boppy.

                 The Directors believe that there are reasonable grounds to believe the Group will be able to continue as a going
                 concern, after consideration of the following factors:
                     History of success in raising funds in the market;
                     The level of support extended from key suppliers and creditors to date;
                     High gold and silver prices which lend themselves to a profitable resumption of production from material from
                       either the Wonawinta silver project or the Mt Boppy gold project; and
                     The existing senior debt facility US$12.4 million has been assigned to existing (non-related) shareholders, the
                       repayment date has been extended to 31 March 2026.

                 Accordingly, the Directors believe that the Group will be able to continue as a going concern and that it is appropriate
                 to adopt the going concern basis in the preparation of the financial report.

                 The financial report does not include any adjustments relating to the amounts or classification of recorded assets or
                 liabilities that might be necessary if the Group does not continue as a going concern.




                                                                                                                               43 | P a g e
                 Manuka Resources Ltd
                 For the year ended 30 June 2025

                 Notes to the Financial Statements (cont’d)

                 3.3    Basis of consolidation
                 The Group’s financial statements consolidate those of the Parent Company and all of its subsidiaries at the end of the
                 reporting period. The parent controls a subsidiary if it is exposed, or has rights, to variable returns from its involvement
                 with the subsidiary and has the ability to affect those returns through its power over the subsidiary. All subsidiaries
                 have a reporting date of 30 June 2025.

                 All transactions and balances between Group companies are eliminated on consolidation, including unrealised gains
                 and losses on transactions between Group companies. Where unrealised losses on intra-group asset sales are reversed
                 on consolidation, the underlying asset is also tested for impairment from a group perspective. Amounts reported in
                 the financial statements of subsidiaries have been adjusted where necessary to ensure consistency with the
                 accounting policies adopted by the Group.

                 Profit or loss and other comprehensive income of subsidiaries acquired or disposed of during the year are recognised




For personal use only
                 from the date on which control is transferred to the Group, or up to the date that control ceases.

                 3.4    Segment reporting
                 Operating segments are reported in a manner consistent with the internal reporting provided to the chief operating
                 decision maker. The chief operating decision maker, who is responsible for allocating resources and assessing
                 performance of the operating segments, has been identified as the full Board of Directors. (Refer Note 4)

                 3.5    Foreign currency translation
                 Functional and presentation currency
                 Items included in the financial statements of each of the Group’s entities are measured using the currency of the
                 primary economic environment in which the entity operates (‘the functional currency’). The consolidated financial
                 statements are presented in Australian dollars, which is Manuka Resources Limited's functional and presentation
                 currency.

                 Transactions and balances
                 Foreign currency transactions are translated into the functional currency using the exchange rates prevailing at the
                 dates of the transactions. Foreign exchange gains and losses resulting from the settlement of such transactions and
                 from the translation at year end exchange rates of monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies
                 are recognised in profit or loss. They are deferred in equity if they are attributable to part of the net investment in a
                 foreign operation.

                 Foreign exchange gains and losses are presented in the statement of profit or loss on a net basis within other
                 gains/(losses).

                 3.6    Revenue recognition
                 The Group recognises revenue as follows:

                 Revenue from contracts with customers
                 Revenue is recognised at an amount that reflects the consideration to which the Company is expected to be entitled
                 in exchange for transferring goods or services to a customer. For each contract with a customer, the Company:
                 identifies the contract with a customer; identifies the performance obligations in the contract; determines the
                 transaction price which takes into account estimates of variable consideration and the time value of money; allocates
                 the transaction price to the separate performance obligations on the basis of the relative stand-alone selling price of
                 each distinct good or service to be delivered; and recognises revenue when or as each performance obligation is
                 satisfied in a manner that depicts the transfer to the customer of the goods or services promised.


                                                                                                                                44 | P a g e
                 Manuka Resources Ltd
                 For the year ended 30 June 2025

                 Notes to the Financial Statements (cont’d)

                 Variable consideration within the transaction price, if any, reflects concessions provided to the customer such as
                 discounts, rebates and refunds, any potential bonuses receivable from the customer and any other contingent events.
                 Such estimates are determined using either the 'expected value' or 'most likely amount' method. The measurement
                 of variable consideration is subject to a constraining principle whereby revenue will only be recognised to the extent
                 that it is highly probable that a significant reversal in the amount of cumulative revenue recognised will not occur. The
                 measurement constraint continues until the uncertainty associated with the variable consideration is subsequently
                 resolved. Amounts received that are subject to the constraining principle are initially recognised as deferred revenue
                 in the form of a separate refund liability.

                 Sale of goods
                 Revenue from the sale of goods is recognised at the point in time when the customer obtains control of the goods,
                 which is generally at the time of delivery. The Company has one Key Customer which is a London Bullion Market
                 Association (LBMA) Accredited Refinery. Sales revenue is recognised at the time of the Lock-in Contract. This is when




For personal use only
                 goods are delivered and title and risk passes to the customer.

                 3.7    Government grants
                 Grants from the government are recognised at their fair value where there is a reasonable assurance that the grant
                 will be received, and the Group will comply with all attached conditions. Government grants are recorded in other
                 income.

                 3.8    Operating expenses
                 Operating expenses are recognised in profit or loss upon utilisation of the service.

                 3.9    Exploration and evaluation expenditure
                 Exploration and evaluation expenditure incurred is accumulated in respect of each identifiable area of interest. These
                 costs are only carried forward to the extent that they are expected to be recouped through the successful development
                 of the area, or by its sale where activities in the area have not yet reached a stage that permits reasonable assessment
                 of the existence of economically recoverable reserves.

                 Accumulated costs in relation to an abandoned areas are written off in full against profit or loss in the year in which
                 the decision to abandon the area is made.

                 When production commences, the accumulated costs for the relevant area of interest are transferred to mine
                 properties and amortised over the life of the area according to the rate of depletion of the economically recoverable
                 reserves.

                 Costs of site restoration are provided over the life of the facility from when exploration commences and are included
                 in the costs of that stage. Site restoration costs include the dismantling and removal of mining plant, equipment and
                 building structures, waste removal, and rehabilitation of the site in accordance with clauses of the mining permits.
                 Such costs have been determined using estimates of future costs, current legal requirements and technology on a
                 discounted basis.

                 Any changes in the estimates for the costs are accounted on a prospective basis. In determining the costs of site
                 restoration, there is uncertainty regarding the nature and extent of the restoration due to community expectations
                 and future legislation. Accordingly, the costs have been determined on the basis that the restoration will be completed
                 within one year of abandoning the site. A regular review for impairment is undertaken of each area of interest to
                 determine the appropriateness of continuing to carry forward costs in relation to that area of interest. Exploration
                 expenditure which fails to meet at least one of the conditions outlined above is written off.


                                                                                                                              45 | P a g e
                 Manuka Resources Ltd
                 For the year ended 30 June 2025

                 Notes to the Financial Statements (cont’d)

                 3.10 Property, plant and equipment
                 Property, plant, equipment, is stated at cost less accumulated depreciation and any impairment in value.

                 Subsequent costs are included in the asset’s carrying amount or recognised as a separate asset, as appropriate, only
                 when it is probable that future economic benefits associated with the item will flow to the Company and the cost of
                 the item can be measured reliably.

                 All other repairs and maintenance are charged to the income statement during the financial year in which they are
                 incurred.

                 Depreciation commences on assets when it is deemed, they are capable of operating in the manner intended. Useful
                 lives are examined on an annual basis and adjustments, where applicable, are made on a revised useful life basis.




For personal use only
                              Asset                                         Depreciation rate
                              Freehold land – at cost                       not depreciated
                              Computer Equipment
                              - Laptops and mobile devices                  2 years effective life (50%) – diminishing value
                              - Other Computer equipment                    4 years effective life (25%) - diminishing value
                              Plant and Equipment
                              Ball Mill Motor                               25 years effective life (4%) - diminishing value
                              Other Pumps and Motors                        20 years effective life (5%) - diminishing value
                              Generators                                    10 years effective life (10%) - diminishing value
                                                                            2 - 10 years effective life (10% to 50%) - diminishing
                              Other plant and equipment
                                                                            value
                              Processing Plant                              units of production
                                                                            8 - 10 years effective life (10% to 12.5%) -
                              Motor Vehicles and Mining Machines
                                                                            diminishing value


                 The carrying values of plant and equipment are reviewed for impairment when events or changes in circumstances
                 indicate the carrying value may not be recoverable.

                 An item of property, plant and equipment is derecognised upon disposal or when no future economic benefits are
                 expected to arise from the continued use of the asset. The gain or loss arising on the disposal or retirement of an asset
                 is determined as the difference between the sales proceeds and the carrying amount of the asset and is recognised in
                 profit or loss.

                 3.11 Financial instruments
                 Recognition and derecognition
                 Financial assets and financial liabilities are recognised when the Group becomes a party to the contractual provisions
                 of the financial instrument and are measured initially at fair value adjusted by transactions costs, except for those
                 carried at fair value through profit or loss, which are measured initially at fair value. Subsequent measurement of
                 financial assets and financial liabilities are described below.

                 Financial assets are derecognised when the contractual rights to the cash flows from the financial asset expire, or
                 when the financial asset and substantially all the risks and rewards are transferred. A financial liability is derecognised
                 when it is extinguished, discharged, cancelled, or expires.




                                                                                                                                     46 | P a g e
                 Manuka Resources Ltd
                 For the year ended 30 June 2025

                 Notes to the Financial Statements (cont’d)

                 Except for those trade receivables that do not contain a significant financing component and are measured at the
                 transaction price in accordance with AASB 15, all financial assets are initially measured at fair value adjusted for
                 transaction costs (where applicable).

                 Subsequent measurement of financial assets
                 For the purpose of subsequent measurement, financial assets, other than those designated and effective as hedging
                 instruments, are classified into the following categories upon initial recognition:

                       financial assets at amortised cost
                       financial assets at fair value through profit or loss (FVPL)
                       debt instruments at fair value through other comprehensive income (FVOCI)
                       equity instruments at fair value through other comprehensive income (FVOCI)




For personal use only
                 Classifications are determined by both:

                       The entity’s business model for managing the financial asset
                       The contractual cash flow characteristics of the financial assets

                 All income and expenses relating to financial assets that are recognised in profit or loss are presented within finance
                 costs, finance income or other financial items, except for impairment of trade receivables which is presented within
                 other expenses.

                 Financial assets at amortised cost
                 Financial assets are measured at amortised cost if the assets meet the following conditions (and are not designated as
                 FVPL):

                       they are held within a business model whose objective is to hold the financial assets and collect its contractual
                        cash flows; and
                       the contractual terms of the financial assets give rise to cash flows that are solely payments of principal and
                        interest on the principal amount outstanding.

                 After initial recognition, these are measured at amortised cost using the effective interest method. Discounting is
                 omitted where the effect of discounting is immaterial. The Group’s cash and cash equivalents, trade and most other
                 receivables fall into this category of financial instruments.

                 Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss (FVPL)
                 Financial assets that are held within a business model other than ‘hold to collect’ or ‘hold to collect and sell’ are
                 categorised at fair value through profit and loss. Further, irrespective of business model, financial assets whose
                 contractual cash flows are not solely payments of principal and interest are accounted for at FVPL. All derivative
                 financial instruments fall into this category, except for those designated and effective as hedging instruments, for
                 which the hedge accounting requirements apply.

                 Impairment of financial assets
                 The AASB 9 impairment model uses forward looking information to recognise expected credit losses - the ‘expected
                 credit losses (ECL) model’. The application of this impairment model depends on whether there has been a significant
                 increase in credit risk.

                 The Group considers a broader range of information when assessing credit risk and measuring expected credit losses,
                 including past events, current conditions, reasonable and supportable forecasts that affect the expected collectability
                 of the future cash flows of the instrument.

                                                                                                                             47 | P a g e
                 Manuka Resources Ltd
                 For the year ended 30 June 2025

                 Notes to the Financial Statements (cont’d)

                 In applying this forward-looking approach, a distinction is made between:

                       financial instruments that have not deteriorated significantly in credit quality since initial recognition or that
                        have low credit risk (‘Stage 1’); and
                       financial instruments that have deteriorated significantly in credit quality since initial recognition and whose
                        credit risk is not low (‘Stage 2’).

                 ‘Stage 3’ would cover financial assets that have objective evidence of impairment at the reporting date. ‘12-month
                 expected credit losses’ are recognised for the first category while ‘lifetime expected credit losses’ are recognised for
                 the second category. Measurement of the expected credit losses is determined by a probability-weighted estimate of
                 credit losses over the expected life of the financial instrument.

                 Trade and other receivables and contract assets
                 Trade receivables are amounts due from customers for goods sold or services performed in the ordinary course of




For personal use only
                 business. They are generally due for settlement within 30 days and therefore are all classified as current. Trade
                 receivables are recognised initially at the amount of consideration that is unconditional unless they contain significant
                 financing components, when they are recognised at fair value. The Group holds the trade receivables with the
                 objective to collect the contractual cash flows and therefore measures them subsequently at amortised cost using the
                 effective interest method.

                 The Group applies the AASB 9 simplified approach to measuring expected credit losses which uses a lifetime expected
                 loss allowance for all trade receivables. In determining the recoverability of a trade or other receivables using the
                 expected credit loss model, the Group performs a risk analysis considering the type and age of the outstanding
                 receivables, the creditworthiness of the counterparty, contract provisions, letter of credit and timing of payment.

                 No provision for credit losses was required to be recognised in the current period ending 30 June 2025 (2024: nil).

                 Classification and measurement of financial liabilities
                 The Group’s financial liabilities include trade and other payables, borrowings, lease liabilities and derivative financial
                 instruments.

                 Financial liabilities are initially measured at fair value, and, where applicable, adjusted for transaction costs unless the
                 Group designated a financial liability at fair value through profit or loss. Subsequently, financial liabilities are measured
                 at amortised cost using the effective interest method except for derivatives and financial liabilities designated at FVPL,
                 which are carried subsequently at fair value with gains or losses recognised in profit or loss (other than derivative
                 financial instruments that are designated and effective as hedging instruments).

                 Foreign exchange gains and losses
                 For financial liabilities that are denominated in a foreign currency and are measured at amortised cost at the end of
                 each reporting period, the foreign exchange gains and losses are determined based on the amortised cost of the
                 instruments. Except for those foreign exchange gains and losses related to borrowings, foreign exchange gains and
                 losses are recognised in the ‘Other income’ or ‘Other losses’ line items in profit or loss for financial liabilities that are
                 not part of a designated hedging relationship. Foreign exchange gains and losses related to borrowings are recognised
                 in the ‘Finance Charges’ line item in profit or loss.

                 The fair value of financial liabilities denominated in a foreign currency is determined in that foreign currency and
                 translated at the spot rate at the end of the reporting period. For financial liabilities that are measured as at FVTPL,
                 the foreign exchange component forms part of the fair value gains or losses and is recognised in profit or loss for
                 financial liabilities that are not part of a designated hedging relationship.


                                                                                                                                 48 | P a g e
                 Manuka Resources Ltd
                 For the year ended 30 June 2025

                 Notes to the Financial Statements (cont’d)

                 3.12 Care and Maintenance
                 When a mine moves into the care and maintenance stage, the costs of maintaining the mine are expensed in the
                 period as incurred unless there are future economic benefits for other operating mines.

                 3.13 Mine development
                 Mine development expenditure relates to costs incurred to access a mineral resource. It represents those exploration
                 and evaluation costs incurred after the technical feasibility and commercial viability of extracting the mineral resource
                 has been demonstrated and an identified mineral reserve is being prepared for production (but is not yet in
                 production).

                 Significant factors considered in determining the technical feasibility and commercial viability of the project are the
                 completion of a feasibility study, the existence of sufficient proven and probable reserves to proceed with
                 development and approval by the Board of directors to proceed with development of the project. Mine development
                 costs include direct and indirect costs associated with mine infrastructure, pre-production development costs,




For personal use only
                 development excavation, project execution costs and other subsurface expenditure pertaining to that area of interest.
                 Costs related to tangible surface plant and equipment and any associated land and buildings are accounted for as
                 property, plant and equipment.

                 Development costs are carried forward in respect of areas of interest in the development phase until commercial
                 production commences. When commercial production commences, carried forward development costs are
                 transferred to Mine Properties and amortised on a units of production basis over the life of economically recoverable
                 reserves of the area of interest. Development assets are assessed for impairment if an impairment trigger is identified.
                 For the purposes of impairment testing, development assets are allocated to CGUs to which the development activity
                 relates.

                 3.14 Cash and cash equivalents
                 For the purposes of the statement of cash flows, cash and cash equivalents includes cash on hand and at bank, deposits
                 held at call with financial institutions, other short term, highly liquid investments with maturities of three months or
                 less, that are readily convertible to known amounts of cash and which are subject to an insignificant risk of changes in
                 value and bank overdrafts.

                 3.15 Borrowings
                 Borrowings are initially recognised at fair value, net of transaction costs incurred. Borrowings are subsequently
                 measured at amortised cost. Any difference between the proceeds (net of transaction costs) and the redemption
                 amount is recognised in profit or loss over the period of the borrowings using the effective interest method. Fees paid
                 on the establishment of loan facilities are recognised as transaction costs of the loan to the extent that it is probable
                 that some or all of the facility will be drawn down. In this case, the fee is deferred until the draw-down occurs. To the
                 extent there is no evidence that it is probable that some or all of the facility will be drawn down, the fee is capitalised
                 as a prepayment for liquidity services and amortised over the period of the facility to which it relates.

                 Borrowings are removed from the balance sheet when the obligation specified in the contract is discharged, cancelled
                 or expired. The difference between the carrying amount of a financial liability that has been extinguished or
                 transferred to another party and the consideration paid, including any non-cash assets transferred or liabilities
                 assumed, is recognised in profit or loss as other income or finance costs.




                                                                                                                                49 | P a g e
                 Manuka Resources Ltd
                 For the year ended 30 June 2025

                 Notes to the Financial Statements (cont’d)

                 Where the terms of a financial liability are renegotiated and the entity issues equity instruments to a creditor to
                 extinguish all or part of the liability (debt for equity swap), a gain or loss is recognised in profit or loss, which is
                 measured as the difference between the carrying amount of the financial liability and the fair value of the equity
                 instruments issued.

                 Borrowings are classified as current liabilities unless the group has an unconditional right to defer settlement of the
                 liability for at least 12 months after the reporting period.

                 The component of the convertible notes that exhibits characteristics of a liability is recognised as a liability in the
                 statement of financial position, net of transaction costs.

                 On the issue of the convertible notes the fair value of the liability component is determined using a market rate for an
                 equivalent non-convertible bond and this amount is carried as a non-current liability on the amortised cost basis until




For personal use only
                 extinguished on conversion or redemption. The increase in the liability due to the passage of time is recognised as a
                 finance cost. The remainder of the proceeds are allocated to the conversion option that is recognised and included in
                 shareholders equity as a convertible note reserve, net of transaction costs. The carrying amount of the conversion
                 option is not remeasured in the subsequent years. The corresponding interest on convertible notes is expensed to
                 profit or loss.

                 3.16 Borrowing costs
                 General and specific borrowing costs that are directly attributable to the acquisition, construction or production of a
                 qualifying asset are capitalised during the period of time that is required to complete and prepare the asset for its
                 intended use or sale. Qualifying assets are assets that necessarily take a substantial period of time to get ready for
                 their intended use or sale.

                 Other borrowing costs are expensed in the period in which they are incurred.

                 3.17 Equity, reserves and dividend payments
                 Share capital represents the fair value of shares that have been issued. Any transaction costs associated with the
                 issuing of shares are deducted from share capital, net of any related income tax benefits.

                 Other components of equity include the following:
                      Share based payment reserve – comprising assessed fair value of options issued to employees, executives,
                       Directors and other parties
                 Retained earnings include all current and prior period retained profits.

                 Dividend distributions payable to equity shareholders are included in other liabilities if the dividends have been being
                 appropriately authorised and are no longer at the discretion of the entity prior to the reporting date. All transactions
                 with owners of the parent are recorded separately within equity.

                 Share based payments to other parties
                 Options have been issued to financiers and other parties as payment for goods and services from time to time. The
                 cost of these share-based payments is measured by reference to the fair value at the date at which they are granted
                 using an option pricing model. The options may be subject to service or other vesting conditions and their fair value is
                 recognised as an expense together with a corresponding increase in other reserve equity over the vesting period.




                                                                                                                             50 | P a g e
                 Manuka Resources Ltd
                 For the year ended 30 June 2025

                 Notes to the Financial Statements (cont’d)

                 3.18 Earnings per share
                 Basic earnings per share
                 Basic earnings per share is calculated by dividing the profit attributable to owners of the Company, excluding any costs
                 of servicing equity other than ordinary shares, by the weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding during
                 the financial year, adjusted for bonus elements in ordinary shares issued during the year.

                 Diluted earnings per share
                 Diluted earnings per share adjusts the figures used in the determination of basic earnings per share to take into
                 account the after income tax effect of interest and other financing costs associated with dilutive potential ordinary
                 shares and the weighted average number of shares assumed to have been issued for no consideration in relation to
                 dilutive potential ordinary shares.

                 3.19 Goods and Services Tax (GST)




For personal use only
                 Revenues, expenses and assets are recognised net of the amount of GST, except where the amount of GST incurred is
                 not recoverable from the taxation authority. In these circumstances the GST is recognised as part of the cost of
                 acquisition of the asset or as part of an item of the expense. Receivables and payables in the statement of financial
                 position are shown inclusive of GST.

                 The net amount of GST recoverable from, or payable to, the taxation authority is included as part of receivables or
                 payables.

                 Cash flows are included in the cash flow statement on a gross basis. The GST component of cash flows arising from
                 investing and financing activities which is recoverable from, or payable to, the taxation authority is classified within
                 operating cash flows.

                 3.20 Rehabilitation
                 Provisions made for rehabilitation are recognised where there is a present obligation as a result of exploration,
                 development or production activities having been undertaken, and it is probable that an outflow of economic benefits
                 will be required to settle the obligation. The estimated future obligations include the costs of removing facilities,
                 abandoning mining activities and restoring the affected areas. The provision for future rehabilitation costs is the best
                 estimate of the present value of the expenditure required to settle the obligation at the reporting date, based on
                 current legal requirements and technology. Future rehabilitation costs are reviewed annually, and any changes are
                 reflected in the present value of the rehabilitation provision at the end of the reporting period. The amount of the
                 provision for future rehabilitation costs relating to exploration and development activities is capitalised as a cost of
                 those activities. If the effect is material, provisions are determined by discounting the expected future cash flows at a
                 pre-tax rate that reflects current market assessments of the time value of money, and where appropriate the risks
                 specific to the liability.

                 3.21 Significant management judgement in applying accounting policies and estimation uncertainty
                 When preparing the financial statements, management undertakes a number of judgements, estimates and
                 assumptions about the recognition and measurement of assets, liabilities, income and expenses.

                 Rehabilitation provision
                 The Company is required by the relevant regulatory authorities to ensure that appropriate rehabilitation is carried out
                 on tenements that are mined. The amount of the rehabilitation cost is an estimate based upon the estimated life of
                 each mined tenement, as well as the future timing and cost of such rehabilitation. The provision is constantly revised
                 as information about the life of mine, depth of mining, level of ground disturbance and cost estimates are updated.



                                                                                                                              51 | P a g e
                 Manuka Resources Ltd
                 For the year ended 30 June 2025

                 Notes to the Financial Statements (cont’d)

                 Fair Value of Debt and Equity Calculation
                 The determination of fair value for financial instruments, including debt and equity securities, involves significant
                 judgment and estimation uncertainty. Management applies valuation techniques that incorporate both observable
                 market data and inputs. These techniques include discounted cash flow models, and option pricing models, which
                 require assumptions about interest rates and forecasted cash flows. Changes in these assumptions could materially
                 affect the reported fair values. The Group has disclosed sensitivity analyses and valuation methodologies in note 26.

                 4        Segment reporting
                 Identification of reportable segments
                 The Group has identified operating segments based on the internal reports that are reviewed and used by the board
                 of directors (chief operating decision makers) in assessing performance and determining the allocation of resources.
                 Currently all the Group’s gold and silver tenements and resources are in New South Wales.




For personal use only
                 Three operating segments have been identified:
                      Exploration - Australia: Exploration of existing gold and silver leases and exploration leases at Wonawinta and
                        Mt Boppy projects
                      Exploration – NZ: Exploration of acquired mining and exploration leases at the Taranaki VTM Project (New
                        Zealand)
                      Operations: being the appraisal, development and processing of gold and silver deposits

                 The following table presents revenue and loss information regarding operating segments for the years ended 30 June
                 2025 and 30 June 2024.
                                                                 Exploration     Exploration
                   Year ended 30 June 2025
                                                                          NZ       Australia     Operations            Total
                                                                                                                          $
                   Segment revenue (external customers)                    -               -                -                 -
                   Segment cost of sales                                   -               -                -                 -
                   Segment operating contribution                          -               -
                   Other income                                            -               -         946,874         946,874
                   Expenses                                        (154,548)        (52,705)      (7,111,864)     (7,319,117)
                   Share based payment expenses                            -               -                -                 -
                   Foreign exchange gains / losses                         -               -       (244,639)       (244,639)
                   Finance income / (expenses)                             -               -     (10,259,583)    (10,259,583)
                   Profit / (loss) before income tax               (154,548)        (52,705)     (16,669,212)    (16,876,465)




                                                                 Exploration     Exploration
                   Year ended 30 June 2024
                                                                          NZ       Australia     Operations          Total $
                   Segment revenue (external customers)                    -               -     15,195,323      15,195,323
                   Segment cost of sales                                   -               -    (21,938,371)    (21,938,371)
                   Segment operating contribution                          -               -     (6,743,048)     (6,743,048)
                   Other income                                            -               -      1,445,945        1,445,945
                   Expenses                                        (149,395)       (169,878)     (4,917,721)     (5,236,994)
                   Share based payment expenses                            -               -       (399,210)       (399,210)
                   Foreign exchange gains / losses                         -               -         22,864           22,864
                   Finance income / (expenses)                             -               -     (7,324,192)     (7,324,192)
                   Profit / (loss) before income tax               (149,395)       (169,878)    (17,915,362)    (18,234,635)




                                                                                                                              52 | P a g e
                 Manuka Resources Ltd
                 For the year ended 30 June 2025

                 Notes to the Financial Statements (cont’d)


                 The following table presents segment assets and liabilities of operating segments as at 30 June 2025 and
                 30 June 2024.
                                                                  Exploration       Exploration
                   Segment Assets
                                                                           NZ         Australia        Operations             Total
                                                                                                                                $
                   As at 30 June 2025                              26,606,684        11,327,786        21,463,359        59,397,829


                   As at 30 June 2024                              26,219,527       10,329,579         24,588,499        61,137,605


                                                                  Exploration       Exploration
                   Segment Liabilities
                                                                           NZ         Australia        Operations             Total
                                                                                                                                $
                                                                            -          266,408         56,835,686        57,102,094




For personal use only
                   As at 30 June 2025


                   As at 30 June 2024                                       -          119,705         44,007,750        44,127,455


                 Revenue and assets by geographical region
                 The Company's revenue is derived from sources and assets located wholly within Australia.

                 Major customers
                 The Company currently delivers all its product to one off-taker.




                 5           Revenue and other income
                                                                       Notes                 30 June           30 June
                                                                                               2025              2024
                                                                                                  $                 $
                   (a) Operating sales revenue
                   Sale of mineralised ore – gold                                                 -         14,451,286
                   Sale of mineralised ore – silver                                               -           744,037
                   Total revenue from contracts with customers                                    -         15,195,323


                        (b) Other income
                   Income from Insurance claims                                                   -             18,959
                   Government grants received                                                     -           150,000
                   R&D incentive                                                                  -          1,069,801
                   Other income                                                             946,874           207,185
                   Total other income                                                       946,874          1,445,945




                                                                                                                                    53 | P a g e
                 Manuka Resources Ltd
                 For the year ended 30 June 2025

                 Notes to the Financial Statements (cont’d)

                 6       Expenses
                 (a) Cost of sales
                                                                         30 June      30 June
                                                                           2025         2024
                                                                              $            $
                 Operating expenses                             6(b)           -   20,091,038
                 Inventory movements                                           -    1,847,333
                 Total cost of sales                                           -   21,938,371


                 (b) Operating expenses
                                                                         30 June      30 June
                                                                           2025         2024
                                                                              $            $
                 Hauling and crushing expenses                                 -    5,316,512




For personal use only
                 Processing and refining expenses                              -   10,052,568
                 Site administration expenses                                  -    4,717,111
                 Amortisation of mine properties                15             -        4,847
                 Total operating expenses                                      -   20,091,038


                 (c) Other expenses
                                                                         30 June      30 June
                                                                           2025         2024
                                                                              $            $
                 Professional expenses                                 3,261,397    2,799,948
                 Employment expenses                            6(d)   2,122,464    1,065,297
                 Depreciation                                           655,774      692,242
                 Other expenses                                        1,279,481     679,507
                 Total other expenses                                  7,319,116    5,236,994


                 (d) Employment Expenses
                                                                         30 June      30 June
                                                                           2025         2024
                                                                              $            $
                 Wages and Salaries                                    1,851,164     902,475
                 Superannuation                                         192,463       86,758
                 Employment taxes                                        78,837       76,064
                                                                       2,122,464    1,065,297


                 (e) Foreign exchange (gains) and losses
                                                                         30 June      30 June
                                                                           2025         2024
                                                                              $            $
                 Realised foreign exchange (gains)/losses                  6,752      81,677
                 Unrealised foreign exchange (gains) / losses           237,887     (104,541)
                 Total foreign exchange (gains) / losses                244,639      (22,864)




                                                                                                54 | P a g e
                 Manuka Resources Ltd
                 For the year ended 30 June 2025

                 Notes to the Financial Statements (cont’d)

                 (f) Share based payment expenses
                                                                                           30 June         30 June
                                                                                             2025            2024
                                                                                                 $               $
                 Share based payment expenses                                                    -        399,210


                 7         Finance costs
                                                                                           30 June         30 June
                                                                                             2025            2024
                 Finance costs are made up of the following items:                               $               $
                 Interest expense                                                        4,605,479       4,328,871
                 Amortisation of prepaid borrowing costs                                         -        612,452
                 Discounting and change of rehabilitation provisions                             -        303,122
                 Discounting impact of financial assets                                          -        238,805




For personal use only
                 Other finance costs                                                     5,654,104       1,840,942
                 Total finance costs                                                    10,259,583       7,324,192


                 8         Income tax expense
                                                                                           30 June         30 June
                                                                                             2025            2024
                                                                                                 $               $
                 (a) Income tax benefit recognised in the income statement
                 Current tax                                                                     -               -
                 Deferred tax                                                                    -               -
                 Income tax as reported in the statement of comprehensive income                 -               -


                 (b) Reconciliation of income tax expense to prima facie tax payable
                 The prima facie income tax expense on pre-tax accounting loss from
                 operations reconciles to the income tax expense in the financial
                 statements as follows:
                 Profit / (loss) from ordinary activities before income tax expense    (16,876,465)    (18,234,635)
                 Tax at the Australian rate of 30% (2024 : 30%)                         (5,062,940)     (5,470,390)
                 Increase / (decrease) in income tax due to:
                        Temporary differences                                            3,762,323       1,961,728
                        Permanent differences                                               22,085          58,622
                        Unused tax losses not recognised                                 1,278,532       3,450,040
                 Income tax expense                                                              -               -


                 (c) Tax losses carried forward
                         Carried forward taxable losses                                91,846,336      86,597,428


                 The Company has no available franking credits.

                 Potential deferred tax assets attributable to tax losses and other temporary differences have not been brought to
                 account as at 30 June 2025, because the directors do not believe it is appropriate to regard realisation of the deferred
                 tax assets as probable at this point in time. These benefits will be obtained if:
                       The Company derives future assessable income of a nature and an amount sufficient to enable the benefit from
                        the deductions for the expenditure to be realised; and
                       No changes in tax legislation adversely affect the Company in realising the benefit from the deductions for the
                        expenditure.

                                                                                                                             55 | P a g e
                 Manuka Resources Ltd
                 For the year ended 30 June 2025

                 Notes to the Financial Statements (cont’d)

                 9        Auditor remuneration
                 During the year the following fees were paid or payable for services provided by the auditor of the parent entity, its
                 related practices and non-related audit firms:
                                                                                         30 June         30 June
                                                                                           2025            2024
                                                                                               $               $
                 Audit of financial statements
                 RSM Australia – audit and review of financial reports                    95,000          95,000
                 Ernst and Young – audit and review of financial reports                       -         120,988
                 Remuneration from audit of financial statements                          95,000         215,988
                 Other services                                                                -               -
                 Total other services remuneration                                             -               -
                 Total auditor’s remuneration                                             95,000         215,988




For personal use only
                 10       Dividends
                 No dividends for the year ended 30 June 2025 (2024: Nil) have been declared or paid to shareholders by the Company.

                 11       Cash and cash equivalents
                                                                                          30 June         30 June
                                                                                            2025            2024
                                                                                               $               $
                   Cash and cash equivalents comprise the following:
                   Cash at bank and in hand                                              968,645        2,125,350
                    Cash and cash equivalents as shown in the statement of
                    financial position and the statement of cash flows                   968,645        2,125,350


                 Cash at bank and in hand is non-interest bearing.

                 12       Trade and other receivables
                                                                                          30 June         30 June
                                                                                            2025            2024
                                                                                               $               $
                   Current
                   Trade receivables                                                        1,348          3,428
                   Other receivables                                                       7,348          10,904
                   Total trade and other receivables                                       8,696          14,332


                 13       Prepayments

                 Prepayments consist of the following:
                                                                                          30 June         30 June
                                                                                            2025            2024
                                                                                               $               $
                   Current prepaid insurances                                                      -               -
                   Other prepayments                                                      34,472          54,683
                   Prepayments at cost                                                    34,472          54,683




                                                                                                                           56 | P a g e
                 Manuka Resources Ltd
                 For the year ended 30 June 2025

                 Notes to the Financial Statements (cont’d)

                 14       Inventories
                                                                             30 June       30 June
                                                                               2025          2024
                                                                                   $             $
                   Consumables, supplies and spares                         237,899       226,451
                   Inventories at cost or net realisable value              237,899       226,451



                 15       Development assets and mine properties
                                                                             30 June       30 June
                                                                               2025          2024
                                                                                   $             $
                   Development assets at cost                               197,500       197,500
                   Rehabilitation cost estimates                                   -      238,805




For personal use only
                   Accumulated impairment                                  (182,767)     (182,767)
                   Accumulated amortisation                                 (14,733)      (14,733)
                   Net carrying amount                                             -      238,805


                   Mine properties at cost                                7,233,025      7,242,805
                   Accumulated impairment                                          -             -
                   Accumulated amortisation                               (6,603,125)   (6,603,125)
                   Net carrying amount                                      629,900       639,680


                   Total development assets and mine properties at cost   7,430,525      7,440,305
                    Rehabilitation cost estimates                                  -      238,805
                    Impairment of mine properties                                  -             -
                   Accumulated amortisation                               (6,800,625)   (6,800,625)
                   Total net carrying amount                                629,900       878,485




                                                                                                      57 | P a g e
                 Manuka Resources Ltd
                 For the year ended 30 June 2025

                 Notes to the Financial Statements (cont’d)

                 The following tables show the movements in development assets and mine properties:

                                                                                           30 June       30 June
                                                                                             2025          2024
                                                                                                 $            $
                   Development assets
                   Opening carrying value                                                 238,805              -
                   Discounting and change of rehabilitation provisions                   (238,805)      238,805
                   Additions at cost                                                             -             -
                   Impairment of development assets                                              -             -
                   Closing carrying value net of accumulated amortisation                        -      238,805

                   Mine properties
                   Opening carrying value                                                 639,680       638,743




For personal use only
                   Discounting and change of rehabilitation provisions                           -        20,000
                   Additions / (disposals) at cost                                          (9,780)            -
                   Amortisation charge for the year                                              -      (19,063)
                   Closing carrying value net of accumulated amortisation                 629,900       639,680


                   Total development assets and mine properties at cost
                   Opening carrying value                                                  878,485      638,743
                   Discounting and change of rehabilitation provisions                    (238,805)     258,805
                   Additions at cost                                                        (9,780)            -
                   Amortisation charge for the year                                              -      (19,063)
                   Total closing carrying value net of accumulated amortisation           629,900       878,485




                 16       Exploration and evaluation assets
                 Exploration and evaluation costs carried forward in respect of areas of interest:
                                                                                           30 June       30 June
                                                                                             2025          2024
                                                                                                 $            $
                   Exploration assets
                   Opening net book amount                                              36,549,107    35,200,653
                   Transfer to development assets                                                -      755,459
                   Foreign currency translation movements                                  399,149            -
                   Exploration and evaluation costs during the year               (a)      986,214      592,995
                   Net book value                                                       37,934,470    36,549,107


                 (a) During the period under review the Company’s geological team has continued to implement, the exploration
                     work programmes established from the Company’s Strategic Exploration Review.




                                                                                                                   58 | P a g e
                 Manuka Resources Ltd
                 For the year ended 30 June 2025

                 Notes to the Financial Statements (cont’d)

                 17            Property, plant and equipment
                 The following tables show the movements in property, plant and equipment:

                                                                              Plant &    Fixtures &     Motor
                                                     Land IT Equipment     Equipment        Fittings   Vehicles         Total
                                                        $             $             $             $           $             $
                        Year ended 30 June 2024
                        Opening net book value     754,994       16,912    14,323,522       53,624      496,885    15,645,937
                        Additions                                 5,706       322,988                                 328,694
                        Disposals                                           (160,207)                               (160,207)
                        Depreciation                            (14,966)    (835,786)      (11,120)     (60,652)    (922,524)
                        Closing net book value     754,994        7,652    13,650,517       42,504      436,233    14,891,900




For personal use only
                        Balance 30 June 2024
                        Cost                       754,994      118,547    17,761,922       80,595      774,120    19,490,178
                        Depreciation                     -     (110,895)   (4,111,405)     (38,091)    (337,887)   (4,598,278)
                        Net book value             754,994        7,652    13,650,517       42,504      436,233    14,891,900



                        Year ended 30 June 2025

                        Opening net book value     754,994        7,652    13,650,517       42,504      436,233    14,891,900
                        Additions                        -        2,888              -             -           -        2,888
                        Disposals                        -             -    (706,488)              -    (43,377)    (749,865)
                        Depreciation                     -       (3,020)    (328,153)       (8,738)     (52,189)    (392,100)
                        Closing net book value     754,994        7,520    12,615,876       33,766      340,667    13,752,823


                        Balance 30 June 2025
                        Cost                       754,994      121,435    16,567,107       80,595      704,120    18,228,251
                        Depreciation                     -     (113,915)   (3,951,231)     (46,829)    (363,453)   (4,475,428)
                        Net book value             754,994        7,520    12,615,876       33,766      340,667    13,752,823




                                                                                                                                 59 | P a g e
                 Manuka Resources Ltd
                 For the year ended 30 June 2025

                 Notes to the Financial Statements (cont’d)

                 18           Right-of-use assets and liabilities
                 Leases
                 The Group has two lease contracts: the first being for office premises which commenced on 1 March 2025, has a lease
                 term of three years with no option to extend and a 3.75% rent increase each year; the second being for a mobile
                 screening plant which commenced on 31 August 2024, has a term of 12 months and an agreed purchase option at the
                 end of the term. The screening plant was sold to a third party on 28 March 2025.

                 Short term lease expenses
                 The Group applies the short-term lease recognition exemption allowed in AASB116 to its short-term leases (i.e. those
                 leases that have a lease term of 12 months of less from the commencement date and do not contain a purchase
                 option). There are no short-term lease expenses during the period to which this exemption has been applied.

                 Set out below are the carrying amounts of right-of-use assets recognised and the movements during the




For personal use only
                 period.
                                                                                        30 June          30 June
                                                                                          2025             2024
                                                                                             $                $
                        Balance at start of period                                       128,629        233,987
                        Additions                                                       469,614         443,513
                        Depreciation                                                   (263,675)       (548,871)
                        Closing net book value                                          334,568         128,629


                 Set out below are the carrying amounts of lease liabilities.
                                                                                         30 June         30 June
                                                                                           2025            2024
                                                                                              $               $
                        Balance at start of period                                       141,195        259,040
                        Additions                                                       376,389         443,513
                        Accretion of interest (included in finance expenses)              61,281         81,386
                        Payments                                                       (236,073)       (642,744)
                        Closing balance lease liabilities                               342,792         141,195


                        Current                                                         111,183         141,195
                        Non-current                                                      231,609               -


                 19   Financial assets and liabilities
                 19.1 Categories of financial assets and financial liabilities
                 The carrying amounts of financial assets in each category are as follows:

                                                                                         30 June         30 June
                                                                                           2025            2024
                                                                               Notes          $               $
                        Financial assets at amortised cost
                        Cash and cash equivalents                               11       968,645       2,125,350
                        Trade and other receivables                             12         8,696         14,332
                        Other financial assets                                 19.3    5,496,357       6,268,669
                        Total financial assets at amortised cost                       6,473,698       8,408,351




                                                                                                                         60 | P a g e
                 Manuka Resources Ltd
                 For the year ended 30 June 2025

                 Notes to the Financial Statements (cont’d)

                 The carrying amounts of financial liabilities in each category are as follows:
                                                                                                            30 June       30 June
                                                                                                              2025          2024
                                                                                               Notes             $              $
                        Financial liabilities at amortised cost
                        Trade and other payables                                                 20        8,467,206    7,241,171
                        Borrowings – Related party loans                                      19.2(a)        273,242      238,522
                        Borrowings – Senior secured debt facility (net of borrowing costs)    19.2(b)     19,341,010   16,640,542
                        Working capital facility                                               19.2(c)    16,675,319   10,770,117
                        Borrowings – Other loans                                              19.2(d)      4,087,083      550,682
                        Lease liabilities                                                        18          342,792      141,195
                        Total financial liabilities                                                       49,186,652   35,582,229




For personal use only
                 19.2 Borrowings
                 Borrowings include the following financial liabilities:
                                                                                                             30 June      30 June
                                                                                                               2025         2024
                                                                                                                 $             $
                        Current
                        Related party loans                                                  19.2(a)       273,242       238,522
                        Senior secured debt facility (net of borrowing costs)                19.2(b)     19,341,010    16,640,542
                        Working capital facility                                             19.2(c)     16,675,319    10,770,116
                        Other loans                                                          19.2(d)      3,988,478      550,683
                        Total current borrowings                                                         40,278,049    28,199,863


                        Non-current
                        Other loans                                                          19.2(d)        98,605       189,489
                        Total non-current borrowings                                                        98,605       189,489
                        Total borrowings                                                                 40,376,654    28,389,352


                 All borrowings are denominated in Australian Dollars except for the Senior Secured Debt Facility which is
                 denominated in US Dollars.
                 (a) The related party loans include the following:
                                                                                                            30 June       30 June
                                                                                                              2025          2024
                                                                                                                  $             $
                              ResCap Investments Pty Ltd                                                    273,242       238,522


                            The loan provided by ResCap Investments Pty Ltd includes the opening balance loan plus working capital drawn
                            down and repayments during the period.

                 (b) The Company signed a debt facility agreement (Senior Secured Debt Facility) with TransAsia Private Capital
                     Limited (TPC) during July 2019. The interest rate attributable to this facility is 12.5% per annum payable quarterly,
                     with service and management fees of 2.0% per annum. The Company was informed on 23rd September 2025 that
                     the debt instrument was assigned to existing (non-related) shareholders utilising a trust structure (Trust Debt). In
                     addition, the repayment date has been extended to 31 March 2026. The Company will reimburse the Trust Debt
                     for market related fees & expenses in consideration for the extension.



                                                                                                                                    61 | P a g e
                 Manuka Resources Ltd
                 For the year ended 30 June 2025

                 Notes to the Financial Statements (cont’d)

                        Details of the unamortised borrowing costs in relation to the Senior Secured Debt Facility is as follows:
                                                                                                     30 June              30 June
                                                                                                       2025                 2024
                                                                                                           $                    $
                         Senior secured debt facility                                              19,341,010          16,841,990
                         Less: Borrowing Costs                                                                 -        (201,448)
                         Total senior secured debt facility (net of borrowing costs)               19,341,010         16,640,542


              (c) The Company signed a USD denominated working capital facility agreement (Working Capital Facility) with a
                  commodity trading company with a minimum term of three years. Drawdowns under the facility are repayable
                  within 90 days. The interest rate attributable to this facility is set at the 3 Month Secured Overnight Financing Rate
                  (SOFR) plus 6% per annum. A facility fee of 4.8% per quarter is payable on drawdowns under the facility.

              (d) During the period the Company had a number of small short-term asset-based funding agreements in place. The




For personal use only
                  details of outstanding loans at 30 June 2025 are as follows:


                                                                                       30 June       Av. Interest
                                                                                         2025               Rate
                                                                                              $           % p.a.                    Expiry date
                                                                                                                     Repayable on refinance of
                         Short-term loan                                                785,998                24%        senior secured debt
                         Convertible Note                                              3,117,754      12% - 15%                Sept - Dec 2025
                         Vehicle Finance                                                 24,418                24%                  March 2026
                         Equipment Finance                                              158,913                11%            December 2027
                         Total other loans                                             4,087,083




                                                                                                                                                  62 | P a g e
                 Manuka Resources Ltd
                 For the year ended 30 June 2025

                 Notes to the Financial Statements (cont’d)


                 19.3 Other financial assets
                                                                               Notes        30 June          30 June
                                                                                              2025             2024
                                                                                                 $                 $
                        Other financial assets comprise the following:
                        Current assets at cost
                         Mt Boppy Resources - deposit for exploration bond                   21,000           72,000
                         Security Deposit                                                             -       23,565
                        Total current other financial assets                                 21,000           95,565
                        Non-current assets at amortised cost
                         Manuka Resources - Deposit for environmental bond      (a)        4,279,284       4,824,610
                         Mt Boppy Resources – Deposit for environmental bond    (b)        1,044,191       1,177,256
                         Term Deposit                                           (a)         151,882          171,238




For personal use only
                        Total non-current other financial assets                           5,475,357       6,173,104
                        Total other financial assets                                      5,496,357        6,268,669


                 The carrying amount of other financial assets is considered a reasonable approximation of fair value unless stated
                 below:

                               (a) The Environmental Bond and Term deposit in the name of Manuka Resources Limited have been amortised
                                   with reference to a discount rate of 3.87% (2024: 3.98%) over an 8 year (2024: 4 year) period;

                               (b) The Environmental Bond in the name of MT Boppy Resources Pty Limited have been amortised with
                                   reference to a discount rate of 3.42% (2024: 3.96%) over a 4 year (2024: 4 year) period;

                 19.4 Other financial instruments
                 The carrying amount of the following financial assets and liabilities is considered a reasonable approximation of fair
                 value due to the short-term nature of the financial instruments:

                               Trade and other receivables
                               Cash and cash equivalents
                               Trade and other payables
                               Other current financial assets

                 19.5 Fair Value Hierarchy
                 The Group had no financial assets and liabilities carried at fair value in the statement of financial position or measured
                 at fair value through profit or loss during the period.




                                                                                                                               63 | P a g e
                 Manuka Resources Ltd
                 For the year ended 30 June 2025

                 Notes to the Financial Statements (cont’d)

                 20           Trade and other payables
                                                                                          30 June         30 June
                                                                                            2025            2024
                                                                                               $               $
                   Current
                   Trade creditors                                                      7,215,770       6,902,021
                   Other creditors and accruals                                         1,251,436        339,151
                   Total trade and other payables                                       8,467,206       7,241,172


                 Trade and other payables amounts are short-term. The carrying values of trade payables and other payables are
                 considered to be a reasonable approximation of fair value.

                 21           Provisions
                                                                      Notes               30 June         30 June




For personal use only
                                                                                            2025            2024
                                                                                               $               $
                    Current
                   Provision for annual leave                                            294,699          308,318
                   Total current provisions                                              294,699         308,318


                   Non-current
                   Provision for long service leave                                      106,808          68,164
                   Rehabilitation provisions                           21.1             7,513,935       7,979,254
                   Total non-current provisions                                         7,620,743       8,047,418
                   Total provisions                                                     7,915,442       8,355,736


                 21.1 Rehabilitation provisions
                 Rehabilitation provisions split between the parent and subsidiary are as follows:
                                                                                          30 June         30 June
                                                                                            2025            2024
                                                                                                $              $
                   Rehabilitation provisions
                   Manuka Resources Ltd (Wonawinta project)                             6,175,633       6,823,682
                   Mt Boppy Resources Ltd                                               1,338,302       1,155,572
                   Total rehabilitation provisions                                      7,513,935       7,979,254


                 Set out below are the movements of the rehabilitation provision during the period.
                                                                                         30 June           30 June
                                                                                           2025              2024
                                                                                               $                $
                        Carrying amount at start of year                                 7,979,254       7,676,132
                        Re-assessment of provision                                       (465,319)                  -
                        Payments                                                                    -               -
                        Net impact of inflation and discounting                                     -     303,122
                        Carrying amount at end of year                                   7,513,935       7,979,254




                                                                                                                        64 | P a g e
                 Manuka Resources Ltd
                 For the year ended 30 June 2025

                 Notes to the Financial Statements (cont’d)

                 Provisions made for rehabilitation are recognised where there is a present obligation as a result of exploration,
                 development or ground disturbance (project development, mining) activities having been undertaken, and it is
                 probable that an outflow of economic benefits will be required to settle the obligation. The estimated future
                 obligations include the costs of dismantling certain plant and equipment, cessation of mining activities, capping of any
                 tailings dams, profiling waste dumps and restoring the affected areas over a period of time. The provision for future
                 rehabilitation costs is the best estimate of the present value of the expenditure required to settle the obligation at the
                 reporting date, based on a schedule of rates provided by the NSW Resources Regulator in their Rehabilitation Cost
                 Estimation tool as updated from time to time. Future rehabilitation costs are reviewed periodically, and any changes
                 are reflected in the present value of the rehabilitation provision at the end of the reporting period. The amount of the
                 provision for future rehabilitation costs relating to exploration and development activities is capitalised as a cost of
                 those activities. If the effect is material, provisions are determined by discounting the expected future cash flows at a
                 pre-tax rate that reflects current market assessments of the time value of money, and where appropriate the risks
                 specific to the liability. The fair value of the rehabilitation provision for Manuka Resources has been calculated with




For personal use only
                 reference to an inflation rate of 2.5% (2024: 3.8%) and a discount rate of 3.87% (2024: 3.96%) over 8 years (2024: 4
                 years). With the recommencement of processing at Mt Boppy forecast to continue for up to five years, the
                 rehabilitation provision has been calculated with reference to an inflation rate of 2.5% (2024: 3.8%) and a discount
                 rate of 3.42% (2024: 3.98%) over 4 years (2024: 4 years).

                 The Company is required by the relevant regulatory authorities to ensure that appropriate rehabilitation is carried out
                 on tenements that are mined. The amount of rehabilitation cost is an estimate based upon the estimated life of each
                 mined tenement, as well as the future timing and cost of such rehabilitation. The provision is constantly revised as
                 information about the life of mine, depth of mining and cost estimates are updated.

                 22   Equity
                 22.1 Share capital
                 Manuka Resources Limited does not have authorised capital nor par value in respect of its share capital, comprising
                 only of fully paid ordinary shares. Ordinary shares have the right to receive dividends as declared and, in the event
                 of a winding up, to participate in the proceeds from sale of all surplus assets in proportion to the number of and
                 amounts paid up on shares held. Ordinary shares entitle their holder to one vote, either in person or proxy, at
                 meetings of Manuka Resources Limited.




                                                                                                                               65 | P a g e
                 Manuka Resources Ltd
                 For the year ended 30 June 2025

                 Notes to the Financial Statements (cont’d)

                                                                        30 June        30 June          30 June          30 June
                                                                          2025           2024             2025             2024
                                                                       # Shares       # Shares               $                $
                        Shares issued and fully paid:
                         At beginning of period                    762,279,188   540,870,062        71,396,811       57,038,387
                         share issue 21 August 2023          (a)                   17,250,000                          862,500
                         share issue 28 August 2023 (b)                             3,700,000                          185,000
                           share issue 28 August 2023 (c)                            700,000                             37,100
                         share issue 07 February 2024 (d)                          31,982,642                         2,238,785
                         share issue 14 February 2024 (e)                           4,832,500                          338,275
                         share issue 22 February 2024 (f)                           1,716,639                          120,165
                           share issue 29 February 2024 (g)                        20,575,315                         1,440,275
                           share issue 08 March 2024 (h)                            1,014,285                            71,000




For personal use only
                           share issue 12 March 2024 (i)                             814,286                             57,000
                         share issue 15 May 2024       (j)                         87,639,962                         5,258,398
                         share issue 17 May 2024 (k)                                 150,000                              9,000
                           conversion of debt to equity (l)                        51,033,497                         3,684,752
                         share funds received 28 June 2024(m)                -              -                          480,000
                           conversion to debt 28 June 2024(n)                -              -                          316,308
                           share issue 12 July 2024(o)              17,488,481                        253,000
                         share issue 28 November 2024 (p)           31,000,000                       1,000,000
                           share issue 4 June 2025 (q)              22,800,000                        445,789
                         placement expenses                                                          (147,148)        (740,134)
                        Total share capital at end of period        833,567,669   762,279,188        72,948,453       71,396,811


                 a)          On 21 August 2023 the Company announced a private placement of $862,500 before costs through the issue of
                             17,250,000 ordinary shares at an issue price of $0.05, to a very small number of professional and sophisticated
                             investors, who were made up of clients of the Lead Manager or existing shareholders participating through their broker
                             with the agreement of the Lead Manager.

                 b)          On 28 August 2023 the Company announced a private placement of $185,000 before costs through the issue of
                             3,700,000 ordinary shares at an issue price of $0.05, to a very small number of professional and sophisticated investors,
                             who were made up of clients of the Lead Manager or existing shareholders participating through their broker with the
                             agreement of the Lead Manager.

                 c)          As ratified at the annual general meeting of shareholders on 16 November 202319, the Company issued the 700,000
                             Financier Shares for nil cash consideration, at a time when the market value of the shares was $0.053 per share to
                             Claymore Capital Pty Ltd (or its nominee) on 28 August 2023, as consideration for the extension of the short-term
                             funding agreement.

                 d)          The Company issued 31,982,642 shares on 7 February 2024 for $2,238,785, as part of a share issue at $0.07.

                 e)          The Company issued 4,832,500 shares on 14 February 2024 with a value of $338,275, as part of a share issue at $0.07.

                 f)          On 22 February 2024 the Company issued 1,716,639 shares to the value of $120,165, linked to a specific tranche
                             placement at $0.07.




                 19 Refer ASX announcement 16 October 2023

                                                                                                                                         66 | P a g e
                 Manuka Resources Ltd
                 For the year ended 30 June 2025

                 Notes to the Financial Statements (cont’d)

                 g)     The Company issued 20,575,315 shares on 29 February 2024, raising $1,440,275 (before costs) in this placement at
                        $0.07.

                 h)     On 8 March 2024, 1,014,285 shares were issued, raising $71,000 at $0.07.

                 i)     The Company raised $57,000 through the issue of 814,286 shares on 12 March 2024, as part of a new tranche at $0.07.

                 j)     87,639,962 shares were issued to various investors on 15 May 2024 in a placement raising $5,258,398 (before costs)
                        at $0.06.

                 k)     On 17 May 2024 The company issued 150,000 shares, raising $9,000 at $0.06.

                 l)     During the financial year 2024, 51,033,497 shares were issued for nil cash consideration at various share prices ranging
                        from 6 cents to 8.8 cents, in payment of a short-term loan and other debt conversions totalling $3,684,752 payment.




For personal use only
                 m) On 28 June 2024 $480,000 was raised in relation to the issue of 8,000,001 shares at $0.06 as part of a significant
                    placement (tranche 2). The issue of the shares took place in July 2024.

                 n)     On 28 June 2024 a short-term loan and other debt totalling $316,309 was converted to equity. As a result 5,271,813
                        fully paid ordinary shares were issued in July 2024.

                 o)     On 12 July 2024 17,488,481 shares were issued to raise $253,000 as well as $480,000 and $316,309 mentioned at items
                        ‘m’ and ‘n’ above.

                 p)     On 28 November 2024, 31,000,000 shares were issued in relation to the conversion of Convertible Notes. The funds
                        were utilised to support working capital.

                 q)     On 4 June 2025, 22,800,000 shares were issued as collateral and security following the receipt of $1,250,000 in funding
                        via the issue of Convertible Notes in November 2024 and June 2025.




                                                                                                                                   67 | P a g e
                 Manuka Resources Ltd
                 For the year ended 30 June 2025

                 Notes to the Financial Statements (cont’d)

                 22.2 Movements in options on issue or granted
                                                                                        Number of Options
                                                                                           2025              2024
                        Beginning of the financial year                               108,491,605      90,705,685
                        Unexercised options expired 14 July 2023                                      (10,000,000)
                        Unexercised options expired 28 July 2023                                       (5,000,000)
                        Unexercised options expired 30 September 2023                                  (5,000,000)
                        Unexercised options expired 31 December 2023                                  (19,034,266)
                        Unexercised options expired 11 January 2024                                     (300,000)
                        Unexercised options expired 11 January 2024                                     (300,000)
                        Unexercised options expired 11 January 2024                                     (500,000)
                        Issued, exercisable at $0.10 on or before 31 December 2025                     25,757,575
                        Issued, exercisable at $0.05 on or before 17 November 2025                     10,000,000




For personal use only
                        Issued, exercisable at $0.06 on or before 30 June 2025                          1,000,000
                        Issued, exercisable at $0.08 on or before 24 January 2026                       5,000,000
                        Issued, exercisable at $0.08 on or before 31 March 2026                         5,000,000
                        Issued, exercisable at $0.11 on or before 3 April 2027                          5,000,000
                        Issued, exercisable at $0.06 on or before 15 May 2026                           1,162,611
                        Granted, exercisable at $0.04 on or before 30 June 2026                         5,000,000
                        Issued, exercisable at $0.06 on or before 15 May 2026          87,789,962
                        Issued, exercisable at $0.06 on or before 15 May 2026          17,488,481
                        Issued, exercisable at $0.06 on or before 29 May 2026           1,000,000
                        Issued, exercisable at $0.06 on or before 31 May 2026          22,000,000
                        Issued, exercisable at $0.06 on or before 31 May 2026           3,000,000
                        Unexercised options expired 31 December 2024                 (12,000,000)
                        Unexercised options expired 19 April 2025                     (2,000,000)
                        Unexercised options expired 30 June 2025                      (1,000,000)
                        Unexercised options expired 30 September 2024                 (5,000,000)
                        Unexercised options expired 15 December 2024                  (4,000,000)
                        Unexercised options expired 31 March 2025                     (4,000,000)
                        Unexercised options expired 30 June 2025                      (4,000,000)
                        End of the financial year                                     207,770,048     108,491,605


                 22.3 Capital management policies and procedures
                 Management’s objectives when managing the capital of the company are to maintain a good debt to equity ratio,
                 provide the shareholders with adequate returns and to ensure that the company can fund its operations and continue
                 as a going concern.
                 The Company’s capital includes ordinary share capital, short-term borrowings, and financial liabilities, supported by
                 financial assets.
                 Management effectively manages the Company’s capital by assessing the Company’s financial risks and adjusting its
                 capital structure in response to changes in these risks and in the market. In making decisions to adjust its capital
                 structure the company considers not only its short-term position but also its long-term operational and strategic
                 objectives. In order to maintain or adjust the capital structure, the Company may return capital to shareholders, pay
                 dividends to shareholders or issue new shares.




                                                                                                                          68 | P a g e
                 Manuka Resources Ltd
                 For the year ended 30 June 2025

                 Notes to the Financial Statements (cont’d)

                 23       Reconciliation of cash flows from operating activities
                 (a) Details of the reconciliation of cash flows from operating activities are listed in the following table:
                                                                                                             30 June              30 June
                                                                                                               2025                 2024
                                                                                                                    $                     $
                   Cash flows from operating activities
                   Profit / (loss) for the period                                                        (16,876,465)         (18,234,635)
                   Adjustments for non-cash items:
                   •         depreciation and amortisation                                                 (272,776)            1,490,458
                   •         discounting of provisions and financial assets                                1,583,412             (474,841)
                   •         sale of assets (cash and non-cash)                                              (12,984)             160,208
                   •         share/option based payments to directors                                               -                 62,599
                   •         share/option based payments to suppliers and financiers                        224,820             1,926,064
                   •         accretion of interest and finance costs                                       8,926,005            6,734,350




For personal use only
                   •         amortisation of borrowing costs                                                        -            (612,452)
                   •         unrealised foreign exchange                                                    218,404               (54,032)


                   Change in operating assets and liabilities:
                   •         change in trade and other receivables                                               5,636            271,106
                   •         change in prepayments                                                            20,211              349,746
                   •         change in inventories                                                           (11,448)           2,080,894
                   •         change in trade, other payables and related party advances                    1,432,094              101,319
                   •         change in contract liabilities                                                         -            (968,646)
                   •         change in provisions                                                          (440,294)              (61,619)
                   Net cash provided by / (used in) operating activities                                  (5,203,385)          (7,229,481)


                 (b) The Company has undertaken a number of non-cash investing and financing activities. Details of the non-cash
                     financing activities which have resulted in the issue of shares are outlined above at Note 23(a). In addition, the
                     Company has issued or granted options in respect of non-cash financing and investing activities as outlined in the
                     table below.

                                                                                          30 June 2025                           30 June 2024
                                                                                # options                    $            # options                   $
                 Options issued to finance provider in respect of
                 financing and extension of financing
                 •         Borrowings – capitalised finance expenses           25,000,000            216,230             25,000,000             612,452
                 •         Finance costs                                        1,000,000              8,590             31,757,575             384,807
                 Options issued pursuant to share placement
                 •         Other contributed equity                           105,278,443                    -            1,162,611              14,402
                 Total Options                                                131,278,443            224,820             57,920,186            1,011,661




                                                                                                                                                           69 | P a g e
                 Manuka Resources Ltd
                 For the year ended 30 June 2025

                 Notes to the Financial Statements (cont’d)

                 24       Earnings / (Loss) per share
                                                                                                         30 June            30 June
                                                                                                           2025               2024
                                                                                                               $                  $
                   Profit / (loss) attributable to the owners of the Company used in calculating
                   basic and diluted loss per share                                                  (16,876,465)       (18,234,635)


                                                                                                     No of shares      No of shares
                   Weighted average number of ordinary shares used as the denominator in
                   calculating basic and diluted loss per share *                                     799,187,468       678,125,728


                                                                                                   Cents per share   Cents per share
                   Basic earnings / (loss) per share                                                        (2.11)            (2.69)
                   Diluted earnings / (loss) per share (a)                                                  (2.11)            (2.69)




For personal use only
                 (a) As the Group made a loss for the year ended 30 June 2025, none of the potentially dilutive securities were included
                 in the calculation of diluted earnings per share for that year. These securities could potentially dilute basic earnings
                 per share in the future.

                 * In accordance with AASB 133 paragraph 26, the weighted average number of shares outstanding during the period
                 and for all periods presented shall be adjusted for events (such as a share consolidation) that have changed the number
                 of shares outstanding without a corresponding change in resources.

                 25   Reserves
                 25.1 Share based payments
                 Options over ordinary shares have been granted to employees and Directors from time to time, on a discretionary
                 basis. In addition, options have been issued to financiers and other parties as payment for goods and services. The
                 cost of these share-based payments is measured by reference to the fair value at the date at which they are granted
                 using an option pricing model. The options may be subject to service or other vesting conditions, and their fair value
                 is recognised as an expense together with a corresponding increase in other reserve equity over the vesting period.

                 The weighted average fair value of the options granted during the year was 2 cents. The fair values were determined
                 using a variation of the binomial option pricing model that takes into account factors such as the vesting period,
                 applying the following inputs:

                                                                                                         30 June           30 June
                                                                                                            2025              2024
                   Weighted average exercise price (cents)                                                      8                14
                   Weighted average life of the option (years)                                                 1.5               1.7
                   Weighted average underlying share price (cents)                                              4                 5
                   Weighted average expected share price volatility                                          89%               81%
                   Weighted average risk free interest rate                                                 4.33%             4.35%




                                                                                                                                       70 | P a g e
                 Manuka Resources Ltd
                 For the year ended 30 June 2025

                 Notes to the Financial Statements (cont’d)

                 Set out below is a summary of the share-based payment options granted:
                                                             30 June 2025                     30 June 2024
                                                                          Weighted                         Weighted
                                                                    average exercise                 average exercise
                                                          # Options      price cents       # Options      price cents
                                                        108,491,605              14                               20
                    Beginning of the year                                                 90,705,685

                   Granted                              131,278,443               6       57,920,186               8
                   Forfeited                                      -                -               -
                   Exercised                                      -                -               -
                   Expired                             (32,000,000)             (21)    (40,134,266)             (22)
                   Outstanding at year end             207,770,048                8     108,491,605               14
                   Exercisable at year end             207,770,048                8     108,491,605               14




For personal use only
                 The weighted average remaining contractual life of share options outstanding at the end of the financial year was 1
                 year (2024: 1.1 years), and the weighted average exercise price is 8 cents (2024: 14 cents).

                 During the year, share based payments of $nil (2024: $4,001,061) were made to suppliers and directors.

                 There was an addition to in the share option reserve of $224,820 (2024: $1,011,661) for the options issued during the
                 year ended 30 June 2025. The Company has elected to reclassify the value of the expired options from the reserve to
                 retained earnings to ensure the reserve balance reflects the value of unexpired options at 30 June 2025. At 30 June
                 2025 the total value of the share-based payment reserve is $1,701,146 (2024: $5,253,710).

                 26       Financial risk management
                 General objectives, policies and processes
                 In common with all other businesses, the Company is exposed to risks that arise from its use of financial instruments.
                 This note describes the Company’s objectives, policies and processes for managing those risks and the methods used
                 to measure them. Further quantitative information in respect of these risks is presented throughout these financial
                 statements.

                 There have been no substantive changes in the Company’s exposure to financial instrument risks, its objectives,
                 policies and processes for managing those risks or the methods used to measure them from previous periods unless
                 otherwise stated in this note.

                 Activities undertaken by the Company may expose the Company to market risk (including gold price risk, currency risk
                 and interest rate risk), credit risk and liquidity risk. The Board has overall responsibility for the determination of the
                 Company’s risk management objectives and policies and, whilst retaining ultimate responsibility for them, it has
                 delegated the authority to its finance team, for designing and operating processes that ensure the effective
                 implementation of the objectives and policies of the Company. The Company's risk management policies and
                 objectives are therefore designed to minimise the potential impacts of these risks on the results of the Company where
                 such impacts may be material. The Board receives regular updates from Management through which it reviews the
                 effectiveness of the processes put in place and the appropriateness of the objectives and policies it sets.

                 The overall objective of the Board is to set policies that seek to reduce risk as far as possible without unduly affecting
                 the company’s competitiveness and flexibility.




                                                                                                                               71 | P a g e
                 Manuka Resources Ltd
                 For the year ended 30 June 2025

                 Notes to the Financial Statements (cont’d)

                 At 30 June 2025, the Company held the following financial instruments:
                                                                                           30 June          30 June
                                                                                             2025             2024
                   Financial assets                                                             $                $
                   Cash and cash equivalent                                                968,645       2,125,350
                   Trade and other receivables                                               8,696          14,332
                   Other financial assets                                                5,496,357       6,268,669
                   Total financial assets                                                6,473,698       8,408,351


                   Financial liabilities
                   Trade and other payables                                              8,467,206       7,241,171
                   Related party loans                                                     273,242         238,522
                   Other interest-bearing loans (net of borrowing costs)                40,103,412      28,150,830
                                                                                           342,792




For personal use only
                   Lease liabilities                                                                       141,195
                   Total financial liabilities                                          49,186,652      35,771,718


                 The fair value of current and non-current financial instruments is assumed to approximate their carrying value.

                 Market Risk
                 Market risk is the risk that changes in market prices, such as foreign exchange rates, commodity prices, interest rates
                 and equity prices will affect the consolidated entity income or the value of its holdings of financial instruments.

                 The Group is exposed to the risk of fluctuations in prevailing market commodity prices on the gold and silver produced
                 from its silver and gold mines. The Group does not have any physical gold or silver delivery contracts in place as at 30
                 June 2025 (30 June 2024: Nil).

                 Derivative financial instruments and hedge accounting
                 Derivatives are only used for economic hedging purposes and not as speculative investments.

                 Changes in the market gold price will affect the derivative valuation at each reporting date. The objective of market
                 risk management is to manage and control market risk exposures within acceptable parameters, while optimising the
                 return. The consolidated entity enters into derivative financial instruments to hedge such transactions.

                 The Company’s risk management policy is to hedge between 0% to 60% of forecast gold/silver sales in local currency
                 over a rolling 24-month period. As at 30 June 2025 the Company had no hedge positions in place (2024: Nil).

                 Commodity price sensitivity
                 The carrying amount of derivative financial instruments are valued using appropriate valuations models with inputs
                 such as forward gold or silver prices. There were no open derivative instruments as at 30 June 2025 (2024: Nil). The
                 accounting policy for derivative financial instruments and hedge accounting is outlined above.

                 Certain derivative instruments do not qualify for hedge accounting. Changes in the fair value of any derivative
                 instruments that do not qualify for hedge accounting are recognised immediately in the income statement. The
                 Company did not enter into any fair value hedges in 2025 (2024: Nil).




                                                                                                                             72 | P a g e
                 Manuka Resources Ltd
                 For the year ended 30 June 2025

                 Notes to the Financial Statements (cont’d)

                 Credit risk
                 Credit risk is the risk that the other party to a financial instrument will fail to discharge their obligation resulting in the
                 Company incurring a financial loss. This usually occurs when debtors fail to settle their obligations owing to the
                 Company. The policy of the Company is that sales are only made to customers that are credit worthy. Credit limits for
                 each customer are reviewed and approved by Management.

                 Receivable balances are monitored on an ongoing basis. The Company has one Key Customer which is an LBMA
                 Accredited Refinery. To mitigate Credit Risk associated with its Key Customer, the Company has in place a contract
                 which ensures payment is received at the time of transfer of title and physical delivery of goods. To mitigate the credit
                 risk associated with cash and cash equivalents, contracts are taken out only with reputable financial institutions in
                 Australia.

                 The maximum exposure to credit risk at balance date in relation to each class of financial asset is the carrying amount




For personal use only
                 of those assets, which is net of impairment losses. Refer to the summary of financial instruments table above for the
                 total carrying amount of financial assets.

                 Liquidity risk
                 Liquidity risk is the risk that the Company may encounter difficulties raising funds to meet commitments associated
                 with financial instruments, e.g. borrowing repayments. Prudent liquidity risk management implies maintaining
                 sufficient cash and ensuring the availability of funding through an adequate amount of committed credit facilities.

                 The Company manages liquidity risk by continuously monitoring forecasted and actual cash flows, seeking the financial
                 support from its shareholders, finding debt providers and matching the maturity profiles of financial assets and
                 liabilities.

                 Maturity Analysis
                 The table below summarises the maturity profile of the Company’s financial liabilities based on contractual
                 commitments.
                                                         Carrying   Contractual   < 6 months          6- 12      1-3 years
                                                         Amount      Cash flows                     months
                                                               $             $             $              $             $
                        2025
                        Non-derivatives
                                                        8,467,206    8,467,206     8,467,206              -              -
                        Trade and other payables
                        Related party loans               273,242      316,960        21,859        295,101             -
                        Other interest-bearing loans   40,103,412   44,281,579    31,696,399      1,561,581    11,023,599
                        Lease liabilities                 342,792      431,003        66,545         73,145       291,313
                                                       49,186,652   53,496,748    40,252,009      1,929,827    11,314,912
                        2024
                        Non-derivatives
                        Trade and other payables        7,241,171    7,241,171     7,241,171              -              -
                        Related party loans               238,522      286,227        19,082         19,082       248,063
                        Other interest-bearing loans   28,150,830   32,503,549     8,063,888     14,394,302    10,045,359
                        Lease liabilities                 141,195      141,195       113,511         27,684             -
                                                       35,771,718   40,172,142    15,437,652     14,441,068    10,293,422




                                                                                                                                   73 | P a g e
                 Manuka Resources Ltd
                 For the year ended 30 June 2025

                 Notes to the Financial Statements (cont’d)

                 Foreign exchange risk
                 Foreign exchange risk arises from future commercial transactions and recognised assets and liabilities denominated in
                 a currency that is not the entity’s functional currency. The Group has not formalised a foreign currency risk
                 management policy however, it monitors its foreign currency expenditure considering exchange rate movements.

                 The Group is exposed to foreign exchange risk through the USD denominated debt facility obtained from its senior
                 secured lender and through the USD denominated working capital facility, refer Note 19.2. The Group’s exposure to
                 foreign currency risk at the end of the reporting period, expressed in Australian dollars, was as follows:

                                                                                           30 June        30 June
                                                                                             2025           2024
                                                                                                 $              $
                   Borrowings                                                          36,016,329      27,612,107




For personal use only
                 The aggregate net foreign exchange gains/losses recognised in profit or loss were:
                                                                                          30 June        30 June
                                                                                            2025           2024
                                                                                                $              $
                   Net foreign exchange gain / (loss) recognised in profit or
                                                                                        (244,639)         22,864
                   loss


                 Sensitivity analysis
                 The following table demonstrates the sensitivity to a reasonably possible change in the USD:AUD exchange rate, with
                 all other variables held constant, of the Company’s profit/loss after tax (through the impact on USD denominated
                 financial liabilities).
                                                                                          30 June        30 June
                                                                                            2025           2024
                                                                                                $              $
                   USD:AUD exchange rate – increase 10%                                 3,274,212      2,510,192
                   USD:AUD exchange rate – decrease 10%                                (4,001,814)    (3,068,012)




                                                                                                                          74 | P a g e
                 Manuka Resources Ltd
                 For the year ended 30 June 2025

                 Notes to the Financial Statements (cont’d)

                 Interest rate risk
                 Interest rate risk is the Company’s exposure to market risk for changes in interest rates relates primarily to cash and
                 interest-bearing liabilities. The Company's exposure to interest rate risk and the effective weighted average interest
                 rate by maturity periods is set out in the tables below:

                                                             Weighted         Floating rates         Fixed rates    Non-interest               Total
                                                               average                                                  bearing
                                                          interest rate
                                                                                          $                    $                $                  $
                        2025
                        Financial assets
                        Cash and cash equivalent               -                              -               -            968,645          968,645
                        Trade and other receivables            -                              -               -              8,696            8,696
                        Other financial assets                 -                              -       5,496,357                  -        5,496,357
                                                                                              -       5,496,357            977,341        6,473,698




For personal use only
                        Financial liabilities
                        Trade and other payables              0%                         -                    -        8,467,206          8,467,206
                        Related party loans                  16%                         -              273,242                -            273,242
                        Other interest-bearing loans         20%                16,675,319           19,341,010        4,087,083         40,103,412
                        Lease liability                      14%                         -              342,792                -            342,792
                                                                                16,675,319           19,957,044       12,554,289         49,186,652
                        2024
                        Financial assets
                        Cash and cash equivalent               -                             -                -        2,125,350          2,125,350
                        Trade and other receivables            -                             -                -           14,332             14,332
                        Other financial assets                 -                             -        6,268,669                -          6,268,669
                                                                                             -        6,268,669        2,139,682          8,408,351
                        Financial liabilities
                        Trade and other payables              0%                         -                    -        7,241,172          7,241,172
                        Related party loans                  16%                         -              238,522                -            238,522
                        Other interest-bearing loans         20%                10,770,116           16,640,542          550,683         27,961,341
                        Lease liability                      14%                         -              141,195                -            141,195
                                                                                10,770,116           17,020,259        7,791,855         35,582,230


                 Sensitivity analysis
                 The following table demonstrates the sensitivity to a reasonably possible change in interest rates, with all other
                 variables held constant, of the Company’s profit/loss after tax (through the impact on floating rate financial liabilities).

                                                                   Carrying                                     Carrying
                                                                                         2025                                        2024
                                                                   amount                                       amount
                                                                          $        +1%             -1%                $        +1%           -1%


                   Borrowings at floating interest rate        16,675,319          166,753        (166,753)   10,770,116      107,701       (107,701)
                   Tax charge at 30% (2024: 30%)                                   (50,026)         50,026                    (32,310)        32,310
                   Net after tax increase / (decrease)                             116,727        (116,727)                    75,391        (75,391)




                                                                                                                                                        75 | P a g e
                 Manuka Resources Ltd
                 For the year ended 30 June 2025

                 Notes to the Financial Statements (cont’d)

                 27   Commitments for expenditure
                 27.1 Tenement Commitments
                 In order to maintain current rights of tenure to exploration tenements, the Company is required to perform minimum
                 work commitments over the terms of an exploration licence which includes exploration, environmental and
                 community consultation in work programmes lodged with the New South Wales Government on licence renewal.

                 Strict minimum expenditure requirements are no longer the sole criteria for working and retaining exploration licences
                 in NSW. Extenuating factors may be taken into account for renewal if limited exploration activities were undertaken.

                 These obligations are not provided for in the financial report.
                                                                                                       30 June         30 June
                                                                                                          2025            2024
                                                                                                             $               $
                        Not later than one year                                                      1,077,606       1,138,667




For personal use only
                        Between 1 year and 5 years                                                     620,653       4,351,333
                                                                                                     1,698,259       5,490,000
                 Additionally, commitments are noted for the obligations for the environmental remediation of mine sites. The cost
                 estimates are outlined below (Note 32).


                 28   Contingent assets and liabilities
                 28.1 Bank Guarantee to Cobar Shire Council and road rehabilitation
                 The Company has a term deposit with NAB to cover a bank guarantee of $200,000 (2024: $200,000) issued by the
                 National Australia Bank Limited to Cobar Shire Council. The bank guarantee is required by Cobar Shire Council to cover
                 the estimated cost of restoring the road to their pre-mining condition.

                 Due to the contingent nature of the asset and liability and the significant uncertainty of timing and because the cost
                 of necessary road repairs cannot be estimated with any degree of certainty.

                 28.2 Rental bond and office lease guarantee and indemnity
                 The Company has entered into a Deed of Indemnity in relation to a Lease Bond Facility with Lombard Insurance
                 Company Ltd. The Lease Bond Facility covers the Company’s guarantee and indemnity obligations in respect of the
                 office lease outlined at Note 18. The total facility as at 30 June 2025 was $107,484 (2024: $96,254).

                 29         Interests in Subsidiaries
                 Set out below are details of the subsidiaries held directly by the Group:
                                                                                                        Proportion of ownership
                                                                                                      interests held by the Group
                                                     Place of incorporation and                            30 June        30 June
                   Name of the subsidiary            place of business          Principal activity           2025           2024
                    Mt Boppy Resources Pty Ltd       Australia                   Gold Mine                    100%          100%
                   Trans-Tasman Resources Ltd        New Zealand                 Owner of iron ore            100%          100%
                                                                                 project




                                                                                                                                    76 | P a g e
                 Manuka Resources Ltd
                 For the year ended 30 June 2025

                 Notes to the Financial Statements (cont’d)


                 30         Parent Entity Information
                 Information relating to Manuka Resources Ltd (the Parent Entity):
                                                                                             30 June        30 June
                                                                                               2025           2024
                                                                                                   $              $


                 Current assets                                                              234,624      1,755,350
                 Non-current assets                                                       51,783,948     55,530,183

                Total assets                                                              52,018,572     57,285,533

                Current liabilities                                                       43,509,330     31,568,620
                Non-current liabilities                                                    6,612,655      7,081,334




For personal use only
                Total liabilities                                                         50,121,985     38,649,954
                Net assets / (deficit)                                                     1,896,587     18,635,579
                Share capital                                                             72,948,450     71,396,811
                Share based payment reserve                                                1,701,146      5,253,711
                Accumulated losses                                                       (72,753,009)   (58,014,943)

                Total equity                                                               1,896,587     18,635,579

                Statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income
                 Profit / (loss) for the year                                           (19,855,950)    (18,016,979)
                 Other comprehensive income / (loss)                                               -               -
                 Total comprehensive profit / loss                                      (19,855,950)    (18,016,979)


                 The Parent Entity has contingent liabilities at the year-end as outlined in Note 28.

                 31   Related party transactions
                 31.1 Transactions with related parties and outstanding balances
                 The Company’s related parties include key management personnel, and others as described below. Unless otherwise
                 stated, no transaction included special terms and conditions, and no guarantees were given or received. Outstanding
                 balances are usually settled in cash.
                                                                                             30 June        30 June
                                                                                Notes          2025           2024
                                                                                                   $              $
                   DETAILS OF TRANSACTIONS WITH RELATED PARTIES:
                   Details of related party transactions with ResCap
                   Investments Pty Ltd, an entity controlled by a member of
                   KMP:
                        -    Interest charged on loan                                        43,670           6,615
                   Details of related party transactions with Anna Karp,
                   an individual directly related to a member of KMP:
                        -    Sale of motor vehicle                                           32,500               -


                    DETAILS OF BALANCES WITH RELATED PARTIES:
                   Balance of loan with Manuka Resources Ltd
                   - payable to ResCap Investments Pty Ltd                    19.2(a)       273,242        238,522



                                                                                                                        77 | P a g e
                 Manuka Resources Ltd
                 For the year ended 30 June 2025

                 Notes to the Financial Statements (cont’d)

                 31.2 Transactions with key management personnel
                 Key management personnel remuneration includes the following expenses:
                                                                                               30 June         30 June
                                                                                                 2025            2024
                                                                                                    $               $
                   Short-term employee benefits                                               938,793          921,550
                   Post-employment benefits                                                    58,141           32,737
                   Long-term benefits                                                          12,418                -
                   Share-based payments                                                              -         111,907
                   Total remuneration                                                        1,009,351       1,066,194


                 Detailed remuneration disclosures are provided in the remuneration report on pages 29 to 34.

                 32       Guarantees and Facilities




For personal use only
                 As at 30 June 2025, the Company and its subsidiaries hold the following guarantees:

                        Manuka Resources Limited
                        The Company has a guarantee amounting to $5,515,000 (2024: $5,515,000). This facility is primarily
                        dedicated to supporting activities related to the Wonawinta Silver Mine, including mine closure
                        rehabilitation and project-specific financial commitments as described in note 19.3 Other Financial Assets.
                        The obligation required by the regulator is $6,658,000.

                        Mt Boppy Resources Pty Ltd (Subsidiary)
                        Mt Boppy Resources, a subsidiary of Manuka Resources, has a separate guarantee amounting to
                        $1,365,000 (2024: $1,365,000). This facility is primarily dedicated to supporting activities related to the
                        Mt Boppy Gold Mine, including mine closure rehabilitation and project-specific financial commitments as
                        described in note 19.3 Other Financial Assets.
                 These guarantees are currently secured against deposits held by the National Australia Bank Limited.

                 33       Subsequent Events
                 Apart from the matters mentioned below, there are no other matters or circumstances that have arisen since the
                 end of the period that has significantly affected or may significantly affect either the entity’s operations in future
                 financial years, the results of those operations in future financial years or the entity’s state of affairs in
                 future financial years.

                        Secured Debt Facility Repayment
                        Since the end of the reporting period, the Company has been informed that the existing senior debt facility
                        US$12.4 million has been assigned to existing (non-related) shareholders utilising a trust structure (Trust Debt). In
                        addition, the repayment date has been extended to 31 March 2026. The Company will reimburse the Trust Debt
                        for market related fees & expenses in consideration for the extension.
                        Conversion of Convertible Note
                        On 5th August 2025, a Convertible Note holder converted a convertible note with a face value of $2,400,000 plus
                        interest to 65,652,501 fully paid ordinary shares in the Company.




                                                                                                                                 78 | P a g e
                 Manuka Resources Ltd
                 For the year ended 30 June 2025

                 Notes to the Financial Statements (cont’d)

                 34      Company Details
                 The registered office and principal place of business of the Company is:

                        Manuka Resources Ltd
                        Level 4, Grafton Bond Building
                        201 Kent Street, Sydney, New South Wales 2000




For personal use only




                                                                                            79 | P a g e
                 Manuka Resources Ltd                                                                       80
                 For the year ended 30 June 2025



                 Consolidated Entity Disclosure Statement
                 For the year ended 30 June 2025:

                        Entity Name                  Entity Type        Country of      Ownership    Tax
                                                                        Incorporation   Interest %   residency


                        Manuka Resources Ltd         Body corporation   Australia       n/a          Australian

                        Mt Boppy Resources Pty Ltd   Body corporation   Australia       100%         Australian

                        Trans-Tasman Resources Ltd   Body corporation   New Zealand     100%         New Zealand




For personal use only




                                                                                                                   80 | P a g e
                 Manuka Resources Ltd                                                                                    81
                 For the year ended 30 June 2025




                 Directors’ Declaration
                 In the opinion of the Directors of Manuka Resources Ltd:

                        a          The financial statements and notes of Manuka Resources Ltd are in accordance with the Corporations Act 2001,
                                   including:

                             i.       Giving a true and fair view of the consolidated entity’s financial position as at 30 June 2025 and of its
                                      performance for the financial year ended on that date; and

                            ii.       Complying with Accounting Standards, the Corporations Regulations 2001 and other mandatory
                                      professional reporting requirements;




For personal use only
                            iii.      The attached financial statements and notes comply with International Financial Reporting Standards as
                                      issued by the International Accounting Standards Board as described in note 1 to the financial statements;

                        b          There are reasonable grounds to believe that Manuka Resources Ltd will be able to pay its debts as and when
                                   they become due and payable; and

                        c          The information disclosed in the attached consolidated entity disclosure statement is true and correct.

                 The directors have been given the declarations by the chief executive officer and chief financial officer required by
                 section 295A of the Corporations Act 2001.

                 Signed in accordance with a resolution of the directors.




                 Dennis Karp
                 Executive Chairman
                 Dated the 30th day of September 2025




                                                                                                                                     81 | P a g e
                                                                                                                                       RSM Australia Partners

                                                                                                                                        Level 7, 1 Martin Place
                                                                                                                                                        Sydney
                                                                                                                                                    NSW 2000
                                                                                                                                                      Australia
                                                                                                                                         T +61 (02) 8226 4500
                        INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT                                                                                     F +61 (02) 8226 4501
                                                                                                                                                   rsm.com.au
                        To the Members of Manuka Resources
                        Limited

                        REPORT ON THE AUDIT OF THE FINANCIAL REPORT
                        Qualified Opinion




For personal use only
                        We have audited the financial report of Manuka Resources Limited (the Company) and its controlled entities
                        (collectively the Group), which comprises the consolidated statement of financial position as at 30 June 2025, the
                        consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income, the consolidated statement of changes
                        in equity and the consolidated statement of cash flows for the year then ended, and notes to the financial
                        statements, including material accounting policy information, the consolidated entity disclosure statement and the
                        directors' declaration.

                        In our opinion, except for the matter described in the Basis for Qualified Opinion section of our report, the
                        accompanying financial report of the Company is in accordance with the Corporations Act 2001, including:

                        (i)       giving a true and fair view of the Group's financial position as at 30 June 2025 and of its financial
                                  performance for the year then ended; and

                        (ii)      complying with Australian Accounting Standards and the Corporations Regulations 2001.

                        Basis for Qualified Opinion
                        Included in Note 16 and Note 17 of the financial statements are exploration and development assets and property,
                        plant and equipment of $37,934,470 and $13,752,823 respectively. Additionally, in Note 18 of the financial
                        statements are Right of Use assets of $334,568. As stated in Note 3.2, the ability of the Group to continue as a
                        going concern and realise the value of these assets is dependent on a number of factors, the most significant of
                        which is its ability to refinancing its existing current debt facilities and/or raising additional funds in the capital
                        markets and managing its long-dated creditors.

                        We were unable to obtain sufficient appropriate evidence in relation to the carrying amount of these assets at
                        30 June 2025 as the Group has identified indicators of impairment but does not presently have sufficient
                        information to determine the recoverable amount. The Group is required to assess the recoverable amount with
                        reference to a discounted cash flow model, however the mine and production plan to be included in this model
                        cannot be determined at this time as it is dependent on the Group’s ability to raise additional funds from the capital
                        markets while continuing to negotiate further loan extensions. Consequently, we were unable to determine
                        whether any adjustments to these carrying amounts were necessary.

                        We conducted our audit in accordance with Australian Auditing Standards. Our responsibilities under those
                        standards are further described in the Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Financial Report section of
                        our report. We are independent of the Group in accordance with the auditor independence requirements of the
                        Corporations Act 2001 and the ethical requirements of the Accounting Professional and Ethical Standards Board’s
                        APES 110 Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants (the Code) that are relevant to our audit of the financial
                        report in Australia. We have also fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with the Code.



                                                                                                                                                  82 | P a g e


                        RSM Australia Partners is a member of the RSM network and trades as RSM. RSM is the trading name used by the
                        members of the RSM network. Each member of the RSM network is an independent accounting and consulting firm
                        which practices in its own right. The RSM network is not itself a separate legal entity in any jurisdiction.
                        RSM Australia Partners ABN 36 965 185 036
                        Liability limited by a scheme approved under Professional Standards Legislation
                        We confirm that the independence declaration required by the Corporations Act 2001, which has been given to
                        the directors of the Group, would be in the same terms if given to the directors as at the time of this auditor’s
                        report.

                        We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our
                        qualified opinion.

                        Material Uncertainty Related to Going Concern
                        We draw attention to Note 3.2 in the financial report, which indicates that the Company incurred a net loss of
                        $16,876,465 during the year ended 30 June 2025 and, as of that date, the Group's current liabilities exceeded its
                        total assets by $47,880,425. As stated in Note 3.2, these events or conditions, along with other matters as set
                        forth in Note 3.2, indicate that a material uncertainty exists that may cast significant doubt on the Group's ability
                        to continue as a going concern. Our opinion is not modified in respect of this matter.

                        Key Audit Matters




For personal use only
                        Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgement, were of most significance in our audit of
                        the financial report of the current period. These matters were addressed in the context of our audit of the financial
                        report as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate opinion on these matters.
                        In addition to the matters described in the Material Uncertainty Related to Going Concern section and in the Basis
                        for Qualified Opinion section, we have determined the matter described below to be the key audit matter to be
                        communicated in our report.

                         Key Audit Matter                                    How our audit addressed this matter
                         Rehabilitation provisions
                         Refer to Note 21.1 in the financial statements

                         As a result of the Group's past activities, there   Our audit procedures included, among others:
                         is an obligation to rehabilitate and restore mine          Obtaining an understanding of the process involved
                         sites. As at 30 June 2025, the Group has                    in the determination of the provisions.
                         brought to account rehabilitation provisions of
                                                                                    Checking the mathematical accuracy of the model
                         $7,513,935.
                                                                                     used to calculate the provisions
                         We considered this to be a key audit matter due
                                                                                    Assessing the reasonableness of the inflation rate,
                         to the significant management judgement and
                                                                                     discount rate and timing of the rehabilitation
                         estimates      involved    in   assessing   the
                                                                                     cashflows assumptions used in the model.
                         rehabilitation provisions including:
                                                                                    Checking mining activity and evaluating estimated
                                Determination of costs to be incurred in
                                                                                     costs by agreeing inputs used in the provision model
                                 future years and its timing.
                                                                                     to advice from management's expert.
                                Complexity       involved      in    the
                                                                                    Ensuring the movement in the provision has been
                                 quantification of the provision based on
                                                                                     accounted for in accordance with Australian
                                 areas disturbed; and
                                                                                     Accounting Standards; and
                                The methodology used to calculate the
                                                                                    Assessing the appropriateness of the disclosures in
                                 provision   amount       to   ensure
                                                                                     the financial report
                                 compliance with Australian Accounting
                                 Standards.



                                                                                                                                  83 | P a g e
                         Accounting for Convertible Loan Notes
                         Refer to Note 19.2 in the financial statements

                         The Group has convertible loan notes with a           Our audit procedures included, among others:
                         carrying value of $3,117,754 as at 30 June                   Reviewing the convertible note deed, to evaluate its
                         2025. The convertible notes include the option                terms.
                         to convert the principle into shares or be repaid
                                                                                      Evaluating the accounting treatment proposed to
                         in cash upon the note holder’s request.
                                                                                       determine whether it is in compliance with Australian
                                                                                       Accounting Standards.
                         Accounting for convertible notes has been                    Evaluating the reasonableness of assumptions and
                         considered a key audit matter due to the
                                                                                       key inputs to the valuation model provided by
                         complexity of the accounting treatment
                                                                                       management’s by obtaining external confirmations




For personal use only
                         required   under   Australian   Accounting
                                                                                       and.
                         standards.
                                                                                       Assessing the appropriateness of the disclosures in
                                                                                        respect of the borrowings and the financial liability.


                        Other Information
                        The directors are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises the information included
                        in the Group's annual report for the year ended 30 June 2025 but does not include the financial report and the
                        auditor's report thereon.

                        Our opinion on the financial report does not cover the other information and accordingly we do not express any
                        form of assurance conclusion thereon.

                        In connection with our audit of the financial report, our responsibility is to read the other information and, in doing
                        so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the financial report or our knowledge
                        obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be materially misstated.

                        If, based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other
                        information, we are required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.

                        Responsibilities of the Directors for the Financial Report
                        The directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation of:
                                 a. the financial report (other than the consolidated entity disclosure statement) that gives a true and fair
                                    view in accordance with Australian Accounting Standards and the Corporations Act 2001; and
                                 b. the consolidated entity disclosure statement that is true and correct in accordance with the Corporations
                                    Act 2001, and
                        for such internal control as the directors determine is necessary to enable the preparation of:
                           i.        the financial report (other than the consolidated entity disclosure statement) that gives a true and fair
                                     view and is free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error; and
                           ii.       the consolidated entity disclosure statement that is true and correct and is free of misstatement, whether
                                     due to fraud or error.
                                                                                                                                    84 | P a g e
                        In preparing the financial report, the directors are responsible for assessing the ability of the Group to continue as
                        a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concern basis of
                        accounting unless the directors either intend to liquidate the Group or to cease operations, or have no realistic
                        alternative but to do so.
                        Auditor's Responsibilities for the Audit of the Financial Report
                        Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial report as a whole is free from
                        material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor's report that includes our opinion.
                        Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance
                        with the Australian Auditing Standards will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements
                        can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably
                        be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of this financial report.
                        A further description of our responsibilities for the audit of the financial report is located at the Auditing and




For personal use only
                        Assurance Standards Board website at: https://www.auasb.gov.au/media/bwvjcgre/ar1_2024.pdf
                        This description forms part of our auditor's report.

                        REPORT ON THE REMUNERATION REPORT
                        Opinion on the Remuneration Report

                        We have audited the Remuneration Report included in pages 27 to 34 of the directors' report for the year ended
                        30 June 2025.

                        In our opinion, the Remuneration Report of Manuka Resources Limited for the year ended 30 June 2025, complies
                        with section 300A of the Corporations Act 2001.

                        Responsibilities
                        The directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation and presentation of the Remuneration Report
                        in accordance with section 300A of the Corporations Act 2001. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the
                        Remuneration Report, based on our audit conducted in accordance with Australian Auditing Standards.




                        C J Hume
                        Partner

                        RSM Australia Partners

                        Sydney, 30 September 2025




                                                                                                                                     85 | P a g e
                        Manuka Resources Ltd                                                                              86
                        For the year ended 30 June 2025




                        ASX Additional Information
                        Additional information required by Australian Securities Exchange Ltd and not shown elsewhere in
                        this report is as follows. The information is current as at 29 September 2025.
                        (a) Distribution of equity securities
                        Analysis of numbers of equity security holders by size of holding:
                                                                                               Ordinary shares
                                                                                     Number of holders Number of shares
                        1         -   1,000                                                  128              75,724
                        1,001     -   5,000                                                  430           1,138,071
                        5,001     -   10,000                                                 340           2,887,302




For personal use only
                        10,001    -   100,000                                                815          31,443,732
                        100,001       and over                                               534       1,029,840,022
                                                                                           2,247      1,065,384,851
                        The number of equity security holders holding less than a
                        marketable parcel of securities are:                                  960         5,136,005

                        (b) Twenty largest shareholders


                        Twenty largest quoted equity security holders
                        The names of the twenty largest holders of quoted ordinary shares are:
                                                                                           Listed ordinary shares
                                                                                                         Percentage of
                                                                                   Number of shares
                                                                                                        ordinary shares
                        1     ROSENBERG GROUP                                        139,442,729             13.09%
                        2     MR ANTANAS GUOGA                                        72,401,509              6.80%
                        3     CITICORP NOMINEES PTY LIMITED                           58,020,391             5.45%
                        4     SHARESIES AUSTRALIA NOMINEE PTY LIMITED                 51,392,661             4.82%
                        5     MINVEST SECURITIES (NEW ZEALAND) LIMITED                49,375,887             4.63%
                        6     HSBC CUSTODY NOMINEES (AUSTRALIA) LIMITED               36,990,414             3.47%
                        7     SOOTHGROVE PTY LTD                                      35,982,915             3.38%
                        8     TENNANT METALS SOUTH AFRICA PTY LTD                     32,427,194             3.04%
                        9     BUTTONWOOD NOMINEES PTY LTD                             30,497,538             2.86%
                        10    BNP PARIBAS NOMINEES PTY LTD                            25,505,996             2.39%
                        11    S T B OFFSHORE LIMITED                                  23,900,000             2.24%
                        12    MR ANDREW LOUIS CHARLES BEREND                          19,921,055             1.87%
                        13    BNP PARIBAS NOMINEES PTY LTD                            18,606,301             1.75%
                        14    R-CAP RESOURCES GP SA                                   15,535,526             1.46%
                        15    UBS NOMINEES PTY LTD                                    13,054,464             1.23%
                        16    SPINITE PTY LTD                                         12,815,751             1.20%
                        17    MR MATTHEW DAVID ROSENBERG                              12,414,651              1.17%
                        18    MR YONGLU YU                                            10,926,316             1.03%
                        19    MR GEORGE WONG KIM PAU                                  10,598,000              0.99%
                        20    ALAN JOHN EGGERS SUPER A/C                              10,000,000              0.94%
                              Total                                                 679,809,298             63.81%
                               Total issued capital - selected security class(es)    1,065,384,851         100.00%


                                                                                                                               86 | P a g e
                        Manuka Resources Ltd                                                                             87
                        For the year ended 30 June 2025




                        (c) Substantial shareholders
                        The names of substantial shareholders are:
                                                                                        Number of Shares % Issued Capital
                        ROSENBERG GROUP                                                     139,442,729           13.09%
                        MR ANTANAS GUOGA                                                     72,401,509            6.80%
                        ALAN J EGGERS AND ASSOCIATES                                         61,375,887            5.76%
                        DENNIS KARP                                                          60,212,788            5.65%
                        CITICORP NOMINEES PTY LIMITED                                        58,020,391            5.45%

                        (d) Voting rights
                        All ordinary shares (whether fully paid or not) carry one vote per share without restriction.

                        (e) Schedule of interests in mining tenements as at 29 September 2025




For personal use only
                        Location: Wonawinta Silver Project is situated approximately 90 kilometres to the south of Cobar,
                        NSW, and comprises one (1) granted mining lease and seven (7) granted exploration licences as
                        below, plus processing plant and associated infrastructure.
                               Tenement                Percentage held / earning             Change during period
                                ML1659                           100%                                   -
                                EL6482                           100%                                   -
                                EL7345                           100%                                   -
                                EL6155                           100%                                   -
                                EL6302                           100%                                   -
                                EL7515                           100%                                   -
                                EL6623                           100%                                   -
                                EL8498                           100%                                   -

                        Location: Mt Boppy Gold Project is situated approximately 45 kilometres east of Cobar, NSW,
                        adjacent to the Barrier Highway. The Project comprises four (4) gold leases, two (2) mining leases,
                        one (1) mining purpose lease and one (1) exploration licence which encompasses the MLs and
                        extends the project area to the south.
                               Tenement                Percentage held / earning              Change during period
                                GL3255                          100%                                    -
                                GL5836                          100%                                    -
                                GL5848                          100%                                    -
                                GL5898                          100%                                    -
                                 ML311                          100%                                    -
                                ML1681                          100%                                    -
                                MPL240                          100%                                    -
                                EL5842                          100%                                    -

                        Location: Tenement Location: Taranaki VTM Project is situated offshore in the South Taranaki Bight
                        along the west coast of the North Island, New Zealand. Tenements acquired as a result of the
                        acquisition20 of TTR comprise one granted mining permit and one granted exploration permit.
                               Tenement                Percentage held / earning            Change during period
                               MMP55581                         100%                                 100%
                               MEP54068                         100%                                 100%




                        20 ASX disclosure 11 November 2022


                                                                                                                              87 | P a g e
                        Manuka Resources Ltd                                                                            88
                        For the year ended 30 June 2025




                        (f) Unquoted Securities
                        At 29 September 2025, the Company had the following unlisted securities on issue:
                                                                                Holders of 20% or more of the class
                                                                   Numbe
                                                       Number of r of                                      Number of
                        Class                           Securities Holders          Holder Name            Securities
                        $0.17 options, expiring                       60     Citicorp Nominees Pty Ltd      4,761,904
                        16/12/2025                     19,571,419
                        $0.10 options, expiring        25,757,575      1     TENNANT METALS SOUTH          25,757,575
                        31/12/2025                                           AFRICA
                        $0.05 options, expiring        10,000,000      1     TA Private Capital Security   10,000,000
                        17/11/2025                                           Agent Ltd
                        $0.08 options, expiring         5,000,000      1     TA Private Capital Security    5,000,000




For personal use only
                        24/01/2026                                           Agent Ltd
                        $0.08 options, expiring         5,000,000      1     TA Private Capital Security    5,000,000
                        31/03/2026                                           Agent Ltd
                        $0.11 options, expiring         5,000,000      1     BURNVOIR CORPORATE             5,000,000
                        03/04/2027                                           FINANCE LTD
                        $0.06 options, expiring       106,441,054 62         CLAYMORE CAPITAL PTY         106,441,054
                        15/05/2026                                           LTD Nominated
                        $0.04 options, expiring         5,000,000      1     TA Private Capital Security    5,000,000
                        30/06/2026                                           Agent Ltd
                        $0.06 options, expiring                        1     TA Private Capital Security
                        31/05/2026                     25,000,000            Agent Ltd                     25,000,000
                        $0.06 options, expiring                        1     CLAYMORE CAPITAL PTY           1,000,000
                        29/05/2026                      1,000,000            LTD


                        (f) Restricted Securities
                        At 29 September 2025, the Company had no restricted securities on issue.


                        (h) Approach to Corporate Governance
                        Manuka Resources Ltd ACN 611 963 225 (Company) has established a corporate governance framework
                        commencing from when the Company was admitted to the official list of ASX. In establishing its corporate
                        governance framework, the Company has referred to the recommendations set out in the ASX Corporate
                        Governance Council's Corporate Governance Principles and Recommendations 4th edition (Principles &
                        Recommendations). The Company has followed each recommendation where the Board has considered the
                        recommendation to be an appropriate benchmark for its corporate governance practices.
                        The following governance-related documents can be found on the Company's website                               at
                        www.manukaresources.com.au, under the section marked "Investor Hub > Corporate Governance":
                        Charters
                            Board
                            Audit, Risk and Sustainability Committee
                            Nomination Committee
                            Remuneration Committee
                            Finance Committee




                                                                                                                             88 | P a g e
                        Manuka Resources Ltd                                                                         89
                        For the year ended 30 June 2025




                        Policies and Procedures
                             Corporate Code of Conduct
                             Disclosure - Performance Evaluation
                             Continuous Disclosure
                             Risk Management Policy
                             Trading Policy
                             Diversity Policy
                             Shareholder Communication Strategy
                             Sustainability Policy
                             Hedging Policy
                             Whistleblower Policy

                        For the financial year ended 30 June 2025 (Reporting Period) the Company has adopted the 4th edition of the




For personal use only
                        Corporate Governance Principles and Recommendations released by the ASX Corporate Governance Council. The
                        Company’s 2025 Annual Corporate Governance Statement has been approved by the Board and is publicly available
                        on the Company’s website at https://manukaresources.com.au/corporate-governance. It will also be released to
                        the ASX at the same time as this 2025 Annual Report.




                                                                                                                          89 | P a g e
