
EX-99.2 BYLAWS

3

exv99w02.htm

IFRS USD PRESS RELEASE

Exhibit 99.2

IFRS USD Press Release

Industry-leading Sequential Growth of 2.6% in CC,
Driven by Differentiated Value Proposition in Enterprise AI

Large Deal Wins at $3.8 Billion with 55% Net New;
Demonstrating Deep Competitive Advantage in Consolidation Play

FY26 Revenue Guidance Revised to 1%-3% and Margin
Guidance Retained at 20%-22%

Bengaluru,
        India – July 23, 2025:
 Infosys (NSE, BSE, NYSE: INFY), a global leader in next-generation digital services and consulting, delivered $4,941 million in Q1 revenues, year on year growth of 3.8% and sequential growth of 2.6% in constant currency. Operating margin was at 20.8%. Free cash flow generation was strong at $884 million, 109.3% of net profit. TCV of large deal wins was $3.8 billion, with 55% net new. ROE improved by 140 bps to 30.4%.

"Our performance in Q1 demonstrates
  the strength of our enterprise AI capabilities, the success in client consolidation decisions, and the dedication of our over 300,000
  employees”, said
Salil Parekh, CEO and MD.
 “Our large deal wins of $3.8 billion reflect our distinct competitive
  positioning and deep client relationships”,
he added.

Guidance
for FY26 :

·   Revenue growth of 1%-3% in constant
          currency
·   Operating margin of 20%-22%

Key
highlights :

For
            the quarter ended June 30, 2025
· Revenues in CC terms grew by 3.8% YoY and by 2.6% QoQ · Reported revenues at $4,941 million, growth of 4.8% YoY · Operating margin at 20.8%, decline of 0.3% YoY and decline of 0.2% QoQ · Basic EPS at $0.20, increase of 5.8% YoY · FCF at $884 million, decline of 19.2% YoY; FCF conversion at 109.3% of net profit

“Q1 performance is a clear reflection of
our unwavering focus on multiple fronts resulting in strong growth at 2.6% QoQ, resilient margins at 20.8% and EPS increase of 8.6% YoY.
We continue to leverage Project Maximus to make investments in strategic priorities to drive profitable growth and enhance shareholder
value”,
said Jayesh Sanghrajka, CFO.
“Cash flow conversion was well above 100% for the fifth consecutive quarter.
The impact of currency volatility was effectively managed through our proactive hedging strategy”,
he added
.

Client wins & Testimonials

1.   Infosys announced the extension of its strategic collaboration
with Select Portfolio Servicing, Inc. (SPS) to help drive greater operational efficiency and service quality through a fully managed
services offering encompassing hybrid cloud solutions, application portfolio, IT operations, IaaS, SaaS, security operations and quality
assurance. Murali Palanganatham, Chief Information Officer, SPS , said, "Infosys has been a key strategic partner over the
last 20 years. SPS will leverage Infosys Topaz for AI adoption across the business, technology, and enterprise functions to continuously
enhance availability, scalability, performance, resiliency, security, and stability. This collaboration is critical and will help SPS
enhance flexibility, efficiency, and predictability of our technology ecosystem.”

2.   Infosys extended its strategic collaboration with AIB
to accelerate its digital transformation initiatives. Graham Fagan, Group Chief Technology Officer, AIB, said, "This
extended collaboration with Infosys aligns strongly with our vision to progressively modernise our technology and data capabilities to
deliver the best outcomes for our customers and further accelerate our transformation. By combining our collective expertise and experience,
we will deliver on our customer-first commitment and enhance operational efficiency and resilience. Infosys has been a trusted innovation
partner, and we are excited about this next chapter in our collaboration as we work together to ensure AIB remains at the forefront of
digital transformation in the Irish banking industry."

3.   Infosys announced a strategic collaboration with E.ON
to enable AI-powered digital workplace transformation across Europe. Dr. Victoria Ossadnik, COO Digital and Innovation, E.ON, said,
“At E.ON, we are playmakers for new energy. Digitalization and digital technology are key for reliable, affordable and sustainable
energy systems. Our strategic partnership with Infosys is essential for our digital transformation and operation - together, we are paving
the way for a smarter, more efficient energy future.”

4.   Infosys
                                            announced the expansion of its strategic collaboration with DNB Bank ASA (DNB)
                                            to accelerate the bank’s digital transformation. Elin Sandnes, COO and Group Executive
                                            Vice President Technology & Services, DNB, said, “At DNB, we are focused
                                            on leveraging technology to create great customer experiences. As part of this, we are constantly
                                            developing new products and services while simultaneously driving a digital transformation
                                            agenda that is deeply rooted across all our operations. With our extended collaboration with
                                            Infosys, we are modernizing our IT infrastructure and leveraging advanced technologies like
                                            AI and ML to enable seamless, personalized, and agile services to our customers. This partnership
                                            allows us to proactively address our customers’ evolving needs and ensure they receive
                                            the best possible banking experience from DNB.”

5.   Infosys
                                            announced a strategic collaboration with Yorkshire Building Society, one of the largest
                                            member-owned financial institutions in the UK, to accelerate its digital transformation. Patrick
                                            Connolly, Director of Change Delivery, Yorkshire Building Society, said, "This
                                            collaboration is crucial to achieving our 2030 ambitions and realising the true potential
                                            of this organisation. The choices we make now will shape our future, and we are committed
                                            to combining the convenience of digital with the warmth of human interaction. This transformation
                                            will empower our members and colleagues with the tools and services needed to deliver great
                                            customer outcomes, including major investments such as faster payments and enhanced security.
                                            It’s a key part of our plan for continued growth, innovation, and efficiency, ensuring
                                            we continue to serve our members for generations to come.”

6.   Infosys
                                            and Spark New Zealand announced a strategic agreement to support the transformation
                                            of Spark’s technology delivery model through digital innovation. Matt Bain, Data
                                            and Marketing Director, Spark , said, “Infosys has collaborated with Spark for over
                                            16 years, working alongside our local teams to support the applications that enable Spark
                                            to deliver new products and digital experiences for our customers. We are now building on
                                            this relationship to allow our teams to focus on our technology strategy and the product
                                            roadmaps that will grow our competitive advantage, while leveraging Infosys’ global
                                            scale to execute these plans quickly and efficiently and accessing Infosys’ investment
                                            in AI and innovation to enable us to keep delivering great experiences for our customers.”

7.   Infosys
                                            collaborated with Perfection Fresh to enable seamless tracking of their sustainability efforts. Francesco Oliveri, Chief Information Officer, Perfection Fresh Australia, said, “Our
                                            Partnership with Infosys to implement Microsoft Sustainability Manager has helped us in providing
                                            real-time visibility of produce across all locations thereby improving operational efficiency,
                                            audit transparency and reducing wastage. Originally planned for just 4 sites, the rollout
                                            extended to all 17 locations thanks to Infosys’ expertise and collaboration. It was
                                            also their vision and commitment to sustainability that matched our vision that allowed us
                                            to be more comfortable in working with Infosys. The partnership has been instrumental in
                                            driving key milestones for Perfection Fresh’s sustainability roadmap”.

8.   Infosys
                                            Finacle announced a strategic collaboration with Bank of Sydney (BoS) to power
                                            its digital transformation with Infosys Finacle Digital Banking Suite. Melos Sulicich,
                                            Chief Executive Officer, Bank of Sydney, said, “At Bank of Sydney, our strategic
                                            goal is to become the leading deposit bank in Australia and to drive significant business
                                            growth in the coming years. This requires adapting to rapidly changing customer needs, digital
                                            advancements, and regulatory requirements. Transforming our technology stack, centered around
                                            our core and digital banking platform, is crucial to meeting these objectives. With Infosys
                                            Finacle, we have a proven transformation partner and a next-generation banking platform to
                                            address the evolving needs of our business, customers, and regulatory ecosystem.”

9.   Infosys
                                            BPM announced the launch of AI agents for invoice processing within its flagship Infosys
                                            Accounts Payable on Cloud solution. Harsh Bansal, Chief Financial Officer and Chief
                                            Growth Officer, Americana Restaurants, said, “At Americana Restaurants, we
                                            are committed to leading digital transformation, and as we scale our operations, intelligent
                                            automation is key to achieving greater efficiency and agility. With AI-powered Infosys Accounts
                                            Payable on Cloud, we have made invoice processing faster, enhanced accuracy, and improved
                                            efficiency. The addition of Agentic AI takes this a step further, reducing manual dependencies
                                            and bringing more intelligence and autonomy into our invoice processing. We are delighted
                                            that we have pioneered this initiative with Infosys and look forward to closely working with
                                            Infosys BPM to lead us collectively into a future of smarter and more agile operations."

10.   Infosys
                                            announced a three-year strategic collaboration with the Lawn Tennis Association (LTA)
                                            to deliver a range of AI-powered innovations, including match insights and immersive fan
                                            experiences. Chris Pollard, Managing Director, Commercial & Operations, LTA, said,
                                            “We are incredibly excited to witness the historic moment of the HSBC Championships
                                            at Queen's Club hosting both WTA and ATP 500 events for the very first time. This milestone
                                            marks a significant step in the growth and evolution of this prestigious tournament. We are
                                            thrilled to collaborate with Infosys, whose support will be instrumental in delivering an
                                            enhanced fan experience. Infosys' AI and technology innovations will bring a new level of
                                            engagement with real-time insights and interactive moments, creating memorable experiences
                                            for our fans and contribute to the continued success of the HSBC Championships.”

11.   Infosys
                                            and Economist Impact announced the launch of The Sustainability Atlas to help
                                            businesses navigate a sustainable future. Jonathan Birdwell, Global Head of Policy &
                                            Insights, Economist Impact, said, “Over the past decade, Economist Impact
                                            has built dozens of indices and published hundreds of reports across a wide range of sustainability
                                            topics from food security to plastics management, to climate resilience. But never before
                                            have we been able to bring all of that data and insights together in one place. Leveraging
                                            Infosys’ generative AI capabilities, The Sustainability Atlas provides easily accessible
                                            and actionable insights to policy makers and business leaders worldwide.”

Recognitions & Awards

Brand & Corporate

·   Recognized as a Top 100 most valuable brand in the world by Kantar BrandZ and ranked among
the most-trusted brands in India and the US

·   Recognized as one of the top 3 companies (on combined basis) in 5 categories – Best
CEO, Best IR Professional, Best IR Program, Best IR Team and Best ESG Program – at the 2025 Asia Executive Team Survey by Extel
(formerly Institutional Investor Research)

·   Recognized as a Great Place to Work 2025-2026 in India and China

·   Infosys BPM won at the Diversity Charter Awards 2025 in the 'Employer Supporting Women in
the Workplace' category for its HR initiative, namely 'Empower with Care'

·   Infosys BPM won the PeopleFirst HR Excellence Awards 2025 for ‘Leading Practices’ in Learning
& Development

Digital, AI and Cloud Services

·   Positioned as a leader in the Everest Group: Microsoft Modern Work Services PEAK Matrix®
Assessment 2025

·   Positioned as a leader in the Everest Group: Marketing Services PEAK Matrix® Assessment
2025

·   Positioned as a leader in the Everest Group: Talent Readiness for Next-generation Application
Services PEAK Matrix® Assessment 2025

·   Recognized as a leader in HFS Horizons: The Best of Engineering Research and Development
Service Providers, 2025

·   Recognized as a leader in the Constellation Research: Constellation ShortList™ Cross-Platform
Agentic AI

·   Recognized as a leader in Datos: The New Era of Check Fraud Detection: A Guide to Market
Solutions

·   Infosys BPM recognized as a Leader in ISG Provider Lens™ Global Capability Center (GCC)
Services 2025 Study

·   Infosys BPM recognized as a Leader in ISG Provider Lens™ Procurement Services 2025
Study

·   Received the Customer Innovation Award from Databricks for delivering impactful solutions
across industries

·   Received Global System Integrator of the Year-EMEA award at Stibo's PATH Summit 2025

Industry & Solutions

·   Positioned as a leader in the Everest Group: Life Sciences Digital Services PEAK Matrix®
Assessment 2025

·   Positioned as a leader in the Everest Group: Life Sciences Enterprise Platform Services PEAK
Matrix® Assessment 2025

·   Positioned as a leader in the Everest Group: Retail Services PEAK Matrix® Assessment
2025

·   Recognized as a leader in HFS Horizons: Energy and Utilities Service Providers, 2025

·   Recognized as a leader in HFS Horizons: Intelligent Retail and CPG Ecosystems, 2025

·   Recognized as a leader in HFS Horizons: Insurance Services, 2025

·   Infosys Finacle recognized as a Market Leader in the Datos Matrix: Virtual Account Management
Providers 2025 report.

·   Infosys Finacle won two awards at IBS Intelligence Digital Banking Awards 2025: ‘Regional
Winners | Middle East – Zand Bank & Infosys Finacle’ and ‘Segment Winner | Corporate Banking - Zand Bank &
Infosys Finacle’

·   Infosys Finacle won two awards at the MEA Finance Banking Technology Awards 2025: ‘Best
Composable Banking Solutions Provider of the Year’ and ‘Best Corporate Banking Solutions Provider’

·   Infosys Finacle won four awards at Finnovex North Africa – Egypt 2025: ‘ Excellence
in Banking Platform Modernization with ALEXBANK Egypt’, ‘Excellence in Seamless Banking Experiences with Export Development
Bank of Egypt’, ‘Excellence in Core Banking Transformation with Agricultural Bank of Egypt’ and ‘Excellence in
Composable Banking Platform

Read more about our Awards & Recognitions here.

About
Infosys

Infosys is a global leader in next-generation digital
services and consulting. Over 320,000 of our people work to amplify human potential and create the next opportunity for people, businesses
and communities. We enable clients in 59 countries to navigate their digital transformation. With over four decades of experience in managing
the systems and workings of global enterprises, we expertly steer clients, as they navigate their digital transformation powered by cloud
and AI. We enable them with an AI-first core, empower the business with agile digital at scale and drive continuous improvement with always-on
learning through the transfer of digital skills, expertise, and ideas from our innovation ecosystem. We are deeply committed to being
a well-governed, environmentally sustainable organization where diverse talent thrives in an inclusive workplace. Visit www.infosys.com to see how Infosys (NSE, BSE, NYSE: INFY) can help your enterprise navigate your next.

.

Safe Harbor

Certain statements in this release concerning our future
growth prospects, our future financial or operating performance, and the McCamish cybersecurity incident are forward looking statements
intended to qualify for the 'safe harbor' under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, which involve a number of risks
and uncertainties that could cause actual results or outcomes to differ materially from those in such forward-looking statements. The
risks and uncertainties relating to these statements include, but are not limited to, risks and uncertainties regarding the execution
of our business strategy, increased competition for talent, our ability to attract and retain personnel, increase in wages, investments
to reskill our employees, our ability to effectively implement a hybrid working model, economic uncertainties and geo-political situations,
technological disruptions and innovations such as Generative AI, the complex and evolving regulatory landscape including immigration regulation
changes, our ESG vision, our capital allocation policy and expectations concerning our market position, future operations, margins, profitability,
liquidity, capital resources, our corporate actions including acquisitions, the outcome of pending litigation, the amount of any additional
costs resulting directly or indirectly from the McCamish cybersecurity incident, and the outcome of the government investigation. Important
factors that may cause actual results or outcomes to differ from those implied by the forward-looking statements are discussed in more
detail in our US Securities and Exchange Commission filings including our Annual Report on Form 20-F for the fiscal year ended March 31,
2025. These filings are available at www.sec.gov. Infosys may, from time to time, make additional written and oral forward-looking statements,
including statements contained in the Company's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission and our reports to shareholders. The
Company does not undertake to update any forward-looking statements that may be made from time to time by or on behalf of the Company
unless it is required by law.

Contact

Investor
          Relations   Sandeep
            Mahindroo +91
            80 3980 1018 Sandeep_Mahindroo@infosys.com
Media
          Relations   Rishi
            Basu +91
            80 4156 3998 Rajarshi.Basu@infosys.com   Harini
            Babu +1
            469 996 3516 Harini_Babu@infosys.com

Infosys Limited and subsidiaries

Extracted from the Condensed Consolidated Balance
Sheet under IFRS as at:

(Dollars in millions)

June 30, 2025   March 31, 2025
ASSETS
Current assets
Cash and cash equivalents   3,202   2,861
Current investments   887   1,460
Trade receivables   3,780   3,645
Unbilled revenue   1,588   1,503
Other current assets   1,787   1,890
Total current assets   11,244   11,359
Non-current assets
Property, plant and equipment and Right-of-use assets   2,223   2,235
Goodwill and other Intangible assets   1,666   1,505
Non-current investments   1,241   1,294
Unbilled revenue   262   261
Other non-current assets   811   765
Total non-current assets   6,203   6,060
Total assets   17,447   17,419
LIABILITIES AND EQUITY
Current liabilities
Trade payables   422   487
Unearned revenue   994   994
Employee benefit obligations   385   340
Other current liabilities and provisions   3,353   3,191
Total current liabilities   5,154   5,012
Non-current liabilities
Lease liabilities   693   675
Other non-current liabilities   480   477
Total non-current liabilities   1,173   1,152
Total liabilities   6,327   6,164
Total equity attributable to equity holders of the company   11,069   11,205
Non-controlling interests   51   50
Total equity   11,120   11,255
Total liabilities and equity   17,447   17,419

Extracted from the Condensed Consolidated statement
of Comprehensive Income under IFRS for:

(Dollars in millions except per equity share data)

3 months ended June 30, 2025   3 months ended June 30, 2024
Revenues   4,941   4,714
Cost of sales   3,416   3,259
Gross profit   1,525   1,455
Operating expenses:
Selling and marketing expenses   258   232
Administrative expenses   239   229
Total operating expenses   497   461
Operating profit   1,028   994
Other
    income, net (3)   110   88
Profit before income taxes   1,138   1,082
Income tax expense   329   318
Net profit (before non-controlling interest)   809   764
Net
    profit (after non-controlling interest)   809   763
Basic
    EPS ($)   0.20   0.18
Diluted
    EPS ($)   0.19   0.18

NOTES
:

1.   The above information is extracted from the audited condensed consolidated Balance sheet and Statement of Comprehensive Income for the quarter ended June 30, 2025, which have been taken on record at the Board meeting held on July 23, 2025.

2.   A
Fact Sheet providing the operating metrics of the Company can be downloaded from www.infosys.com.

3.   Other income is net of Finance
            Cost.
