                                              2024 INTERIM REPORT 中 期 報 告
            2024
              中 期 報 告
                                                                                                          2024
                                                                                                      INTERIM REPORT


Shanghai MicroPort MedBot (Group) Co., Ltd.                                           Shanghai MicroPort MedBot (Group) Co., Ltd.
上海微创医疗机器人（集团）股份有限公司                                                                   上海微创医疗机器人（集团）股份有限公司
               股票代碼：2252                                                                                     Stock Code: 2252
    （於中華人民共和國註冊成立的股份有限公司）                                                   (a joint stock company incorporated in People's Republic of China with limited liability)
Contents
2    Corporate Information
4    Financial Highlights
5    Company Profile
6    President’s Statement
9    Management Discussion and Analysis
31   Corporate Governance and Other Information
42   Independent Auditor’s Report
43   Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss
44   Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss and
     Other Comprehensive Income
45   Consolidated Statement of Financial Position
47   Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity
49   Condensed Consolidated Cash Flow Statement
50   Notes to the Unaudited Interim Financial Report
62   Definitions
    Corporate Information



    DIRECTORS AND SUPERVISORS                    AUDIT COMMITTEE
    Executive Directors                          Mr. Mui Wing Hong (Chairperson)2
                                                 Mr. Chung Wai Man (Chairperson)1
    Dr. He Chao (President)
                                                 Dr. Li Minghua
    Ms. Fang Cong1
                                                 Mr. Chen Xinxing

    Non-Executive Directors
                                                 REMUNERATION AND APPRAISAL
    Mr. Sun Hongbin (Chairperson of the Board)   COMMITTEE
    Mr. Chen Xinxing
    Mr. Chen Chen                                Dr. Li Minghua (Chairperson)
                                                 Mr. Yao Haisong
    Independent Non-Executive Directors          Mr. Sun Hongbin
    Dr. Li Minghua
    Mr. Yao Haisong                              NOMINATION COMMITTEE
    Mr. Mui Wing Hong2
    Mr. Chung Wai Man1                           Mr. Yao Haisong (Chairperson)
                                                 Mr. Mui Wing Hong2
                                                 Mr. Chung Wai Man1
    Supervisors
                                                 Dr. He Chao
    Mr. Zhang Jie
    Ms. Zhang Lihong                             STRATEGY AND DEVELOPMENT
    Mr. Chen Gong
                                                 COMMITTEE
    COMPANY SECRETARY                            Mr. Sun Hongbin (Chairperson)
                                                 Dr. He Chao
    Ms. Hui Yin Shan3                            Dr. Li Minghua
    Ms. Yeung Siu Lam4

                                                 REGISTERED OFFICE IN THE PRC
    AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVES
                                                 Room 101, Area B, Building 1
    Mr. Sun Hongbin                              1601 Zhangdong Road
    Ms. Hui Yin Shan3                            China (Shanghai) Pilot Free Trade Zone
    Ms. Yeung Siu Lam4                           Shanghai
                                                 PRC


                                                 HEADQUARTER IN THE PRC
                                                 Area B, Building 1
                                                 1601 Zhangdong Road
                                                 China (Shanghai) Pilot Free Trade Zone
                                                 Shanghai
                                                 PRC
    1    Appointed on 18 July 2024
    2    Resigned on 18 July 2024
    3    Resigned on 14 August 2024
    4    Appointed on 14 August 2024



2
Corporate Information (Continued)




PRINCIPAL PLACE OF BUSINESS IN                                 H SHARE REGISTRAR
HONG KONG
                                                               Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited
5/F, Manulife Place                                            Shops 1712–1716
348 Kwun Tong Road                                             17th Floor Hopewell Centre
Kowloon                                                        183 Queen’s Road East
Hong Kong                                                      Wan Chai
                                                               Hong Kong
AUDITOR
                                                               COMPANY WEBSITE
KPMG
Public Interest Entity Auditor registered in accordance with   www.medbotsurgical.com
the Accounting and Financial Reporting Council Ordinance
8th Floor, Prince’s Building                                   PRINCIPAL BANKS
10 Chater Road
Central                                                        China Construction Bank Co., Ltd.
Hong Kong                                                        Shanghai Zhangjiang Branch
                                                               Shanghai Pudong Development Bank Co., Ltd.
LEGAL ADVISER AS TO HONG KONG                                    Shanghai Zhangjiang Innovation Branch
                                                               China Merchants Bank Co., Ltd.
LAWS
                                                                 Shanghai Hongkou Stadium Branch
Fangda Partners                                                Bank of Shanghai, Pudong Science & Technology Branch
26th Floor, One Exchange Square
8 Connaught Place
Central
Hong Kong


LEGAL ADVISER AS TO PRC LAWS
Fangda Partners
24th Floor, HKRI Centre Two, HKRI Taikoo Hui
288 Shi Men Yi Road
Shanghai
PRC




                                                           SHANGHAI MICROPORT MEDBOT (GROUP) CO., LTD. | INTERIM REPORT 2024   3
    Financial Highlights



    CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR LOSS

                                                              For the six months ended 30 June
                                                                          2024              2023
                                                                     RMB’000            RMB’000
                                                                  (Unaudited)         (Unaudited)


    Revenue                                                           99,237              47,603
    Gross profit                                                      47,013              22,068
    Loss before taxation                                            (279,950)           (544,733)
    Loss for the period                                             (279,950)           (544,733)
    Loss attributable to equity shareholders of the Company         (277,161)           (539,012)
    Loss per share — Basic and diluted (in RMB)                        (0.29)               (0.56)


    CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION

                                                                       As at                As at
                                                                     30 June         31 December
                                                                        2024                2023
                                                                    RMB’000              RMB’000
                                                                 (Unaudited)          (Unaudited)


    Non-current assets                                               579,666             633,859
    Current assets                                                   543,220             794,048
    Total assets                                                   1,122,886           1,427,907
    Non-current liabilities                                          394,510             240,876
    Current liabilities                                              470,642             685,276
    Total liabilities                                                865,152             926,152
    Total equity                                                     257,734             501,755




4
Company Profile


We are a leading first-tier surgical robot company and are committed to meeting the cutting-edge development demand for
minimally invasive surgery. By cutting-edge research and industrial integration in the fields of robotics, intelligent control,
sensing and information research and robot ontology, control algorithms, electrical engineering, image-based navigation and
precision imaging, we provide comprehensive intelligent surgical solutions to prolong and reshape the lives of patients. After
years of research and development (the “R&D”), innovation and armed with industry experience accumulated for years, the
Group has developed into a collectivized operating group of companies mastering foundation technologies of the full cycle
of surgical robot development. We are equipped with multi discipline knowledge covering optics, mechanic, electric, control,
software, calculation and imaging, enabling us to develop a series of platforms for further exploration. Consequently, the
Group is able to build a comprehensive technical and innovative platform for surgical robots and a sound industrial operation
system, covering segments like R&D, clinical trials, registration and supply chain management.

The Group is the only global surgical robot company with a product portfolio covering the five major and fast-growing
surgical specialties of laparoscopic, orthopedic, panvascular, natural orifice and percutaneous surgical procedures. We have
accumulated several products at various stages of R&D, clinical trial, registration and commercialization. Toumai, DFVision and
SkyWalker, flagship products of the Company, have all passed through Green Path and been approved for launch.


VISION
Build a globalized medical robots total solution innovation platform


MISSION
Reshape and prolong life through a robotic intelligent surgical total solution


BELIEF
Make surgery easier, safer, and less invasive


FAITH
Explore the unknown, shaping the era of super intelligent surgery




                                                              SHANGHAI MICROPORT MEDBOT (GROUP) CO., LTD. | INTERIM REPORT 2024   5
    President’
             s Statement



                                                                     RAPID GROWTH IN SALES REVENUE
                                                                     — STRONG MOMENTUM IN
                                                                     THE DOMESTIC MARKET, NEW
                                                                     BREAKTHROUGHS IN OVERSEAS
                                                                     MARKETS
                                                                     During the Reporting Period, the Group recorded a revenue
                                                                     of RMB99.2 million, representing a significant increase of
                                                                     108.5% as compared with the corresponding period in the
                                                                     previous year, mainly attributable to the fact that the Group’s
                                                                     major products were comprehensively commercialised
                                                                     in parallel in both domestic and overseas markets, and
                                                                     maintained a strong sales momentum.

                                                                     In the domestic market, since the multi-disciplinary
                                                                     application of the Core Product, i.e. Toumai was approved by
                                                                     the NMPA in 2023, it has won the trust of doctors and gained
                                                                     high recognition from hospitals and the market by virtue
                                                                     of its excellent clinical value, forward-looking technological
                  Executive Director and President                   innovation capabilities and perfect training service system.
                           Dr. He Chao                               As of the date of this report, Toumai has completed the
                                                                     commercially installed units for 20 hospitals across the
    Dear Investors,
                                                                     country and recognised revenue, firmly ranking first in the
                                                                     market share among domestic laparoscopic surgical robots,
    The first half of 2024 was a period of both challenges and
                                                                     with over half of which are top-tier or regional benchmark
    opportunities for MedBot. Despite the external environment
                                                                     hospitals in China. The R-ONE vascular interventional
    being filled with uncertainties and the industry’s development
                                                                     robot, which we deployed in the panvascular domain, has
    trends and landscape becoming increasingly complex and
                                                                     accumulated several intended orders within a short period
    volatile, the MedBot team remained true to its original
                                                                     since it was approved in December 2023, and achieved the
    mission. From senior management to the grassroots level, the
                                                                     first two commercial installations in the Chinese market
    team resolutely executed the Company’s business strategies,
                                                                     during the Reporting Period.
    driving rapid growth across various business lines while
    intensifying efforts to reduce costs, improve efficiency, and
                                                                     In the overseas market, Toumai continued to demonstrate
    strengthen strategic focus, laying a solid foundation for the
                                                                     the strong technical performance and commercialisation
    Company’s sustainable and healthy development. During
                                                                     potential of domestic laparoscopic surgical robots to experts
    the Reporting Period, the Group adhered to independent
                                                                     and physicians around the world, and it became the first
    research and innovation as its core driver, achieving a
                                                                     and currently the only domestic laparoscopic surgical robot
    milestone breakthrough in the commercialisation of its key
                                                                     to receive CE Mark in May this year. In less than a year since
    products in both domestic and international markets.
                                                                     its overseas exploration, Toumai has successfully obtained
                                                                     more than 10 orders. During the Reporting Period, Toumai
                                                                     successfully completed its first two commercially installed
                                                                     units in the overseas market and contributed revenue. This
                                                                     is a landmark milestone for Toumai to establish domestic
                                                                     presence, boldly explore the international market, and
                                                                     successfully achieve commercial transformation and enter
                                                                     into clinical application. As the Group’s first flagship product



6
President’
         s Statement (Continued)



to achieve overseas sales, SkyWalker has gradually expanded its overseas presence to more than 20 countries in 5 continents
by making full use of the synergistic effect with MicroPort Group. It achieved revenue in Europe, Australia and other countries
and regions during the Reporting Period.


NET LOSS NARROWED SIGNIFICANTLY — COST REDUCTION AND EFFICIENCY
IMPROVEMENT WERE IMPLEMENTED ON ALL FRONTS, ACHIEVING
REMARKABLE RESULTS IN CASH FLOW MANAGEMENT AND CONTROL
During the Reporting Period, we continued to implement the business-focused strategy by focusing resources on the
commercial promotion and performance optimisation and iteration of key and commercial-stage products. At the same time,
we enhanced our production and supply chain management capabilities, and drove effective cost reduction of products
to enhance their market competitiveness through continuous optimisation of product design and processing technology.
Meanwhile, the Group took effective measures to optimise and enhance the efficiency of business operations, with a view to
strengthening its lean operation and management capability. During the Reporting Period, the Group’s net loss narrowed by
48.6% year-on-year.

At the same time, the Group made full use of internal and external funding resources through the implementation of more
efficient cash flow management and control measures, resulting in a year-on-year decrease in net free cash outflow by 49.7%
to RMB235.3 million, which not only meets the core needs of the Company’s current operations, but also paves the way for
the Group’s sustainable development in the future.


MEDICAL-INDUSTRIAL COOPERATION WAS STEADILY PROMOTED, FURTHER
ENHANCING LARGE-SCALE SURGICAL CAPABILITIES
In terms of clinical surgical applications, we continued to strengthen medical-industrial cooperation with top hospitals to
accelerate the commercialisation of products. Through our nearly 40 clinical application and training centers for Toumai and 20
for SkyWalker worldwide, we have trained more than 200 surgeons this year, and conducted over 1,000 surgical robot clinical
application and training events to enhance communication with surgeons and patient education, further exploring the market
potential.

Our human clinical surgical applications continue to maintain the characteristics of large volume, rapid growth, wide
coverage and high surgical difficulty. While fully verifying the stability, safety and effectiveness of the products, our team has
also been able to continuously improve and perfect its support and operation and maintenance capabilities for large-scale
clinical surgeries in the global market. As at the date of this report, over 1,400 clinical surgeries have been completed by
commercialised Toumai, and nearly 200 surgeries have been completed after commercial installation in several hospitals.
SkyWalker has accumulatively completed over 1,300 TKA surgeries in the world, covering orthopaedics and joint surgery in
nearly 70 hospitals both at home and abroad.

As a result of the large-scale clinical surgeries of the Group’s products, the Group recorded its first revenue contribution from
sales of surgical robot instruments and accessories and provision of services during the Reporting Period.




                                                              SHANGHAI MICROPORT MEDBOT (GROUP) CO., LTD. | INTERIM REPORT 2024      7
    President’
             s Statement (Continued)




    THE APPLICATION OF REMOTE SURGERY — LEADING THE HIGH-QUALITY
    DEVELOPMENT OF THE SURGICAL ROBOT INDUSTRY WITH CUTTING-EDGE
    TECHNOLOGIES
    We are always committed to promoting the sharing of high-quality medical resources and bringing more health and well-being
    to people in remote areas such as border areas through the combination of new quality productive forces represented by
    surgical robots and cutting-edge medical technologies. Credited to our comprehensive mastery of the underlying technology,
    joint application with 5G technology has been realised on many surgical robot products of the Group, including Toumai,
    SkyWalker and R-ONE. To date, Toumai has completed more than 200 5G remote clinical surgeries worldwide, with a 100%
    success rate, has set more than 20 records for the first of its kind in China and even the world.

    Relying on the technological advantages of the Group’s various products and the practical experience in remote surgery
    accumulated in markets both domestically and internationally, we have built the largest remote surgery network system in
    the world, which achieved domestic remote interconnection with more than 30 Toumai and full coverage of the remote
    surgery network at multiple levels. In addition, it has gradually expanded its cross-national and cross-continental remote
    surgery coverage, achieved surgery verification over 13,000 kilometers between China and the United States through remote
    networks, established network systems in multiple countries, promoted cooperation and linkage between the Company and
    more hospitals at home and abroad, accelerating product sales and promotion while empowering the medical treatment
    around the world with cutting-edge technology.

    Looking ahead to the future, all employees of the Company will always hold the belief of “Make surgery easier, safer and less
    invasive” and actively respond to the increasingly fierce industry competition and global macroeconomic challenges, strive to
    improve market competitiveness and coverage of our products, drive continued growth in sales revenue both domestically
    and internationally, meet clinical needs with a diversified product portfolio, and consolidate our influence and leadership as a
    leading Chinese surgical robot company. In the meantime, we will continue to enhance the Company’s internal management
    capability and promote the rapid transformation of innovative research and development achievements, and focus on
    optimising and improving operational efficiency to create greater value for the Company’s shareholders and the industry.

    The last but not the least, I would also like to, on behalf of all our colleagues, take this opportunity to express our heartfelt
    gratitude to our shareholders, partners, doctors and various social sectors for their trust and support on us. I hope to continue
    to work side by side with all of you.




    Dr. He Chao
    President




8
Management Discussion and Analysis



INDUSTRY OVERVIEW
In the first half of 2024, while the international environment became more complex and severe, with the rising uncertainty of
external situation, the domestic economy continued to maintain high-quality development, with the GDP growing by 5% as
compared with the previous year. The import and export data in the first half of the year also showed a stable and recovering
trend, and the fundamentals of stable operation and long-term positive trend remained unchanged. As China further deepens
reform in a comprehensive manner and advances the pace of Chinese modernisation, the new quality productive forces and
innovation-driven development strategy will be effectively implemented, thus empowering the overall improvement of the
national innovation system and shaping the new momentum for high-quality economic development.

As one of the most important innovation breakthroughs in the field of high-end medical devices in recent years, the surgical
robot has high clinical value, which can effectively improve the accuracy and stability of surgeries, shorten the postoperative
recovery cycle of patients and reduce the occurrence of complications; also effectively shorten the learning curve of surgeons
and reduce the radiation exposure of operators. The surgical robot market presents a rapid growth trend with the continuous
development of the global surgical robot industry. As compared with the overseas surgical robot market, China’s surgical
robot industry is still in an early stage of development, and the penetration rate of robot-assisted surgery is relatively low. At
the same time, China’s vast population base, increasing public health awareness, the advantages of robot-assisted surgeries
over traditional surgeries, and the fact that more and more physicians are becoming familiar with and proficient in operating
robot-assisted surgeries will drive the continued expansion and the rapid increase in penetration rate of the overall market for
surgical robots in China.

According to the relevant requirements of the “National Health Plan of the 14th Five-Year Plan” (《「十四五」國民健康規劃》),
encouraging cutting-edge technologies and breakthroughs in the medical field will be one of the themes of China’s economic
development in the “14th Five-Year Plan”, and even longer period. Following implementation of the “14th Five-Year Plan”,
policies to support rapid development of medical industry were introduced successively. Driven by both policy benefits and
market demand, the demand for high-end medical equipment is expected to usher in a major breakthrough in independent
innovation and commercialisation. In March 2023, the National Health Commission issued the Large Medical Equipment
Configuration License Management Catalog (2023), and in June 2023, it promulgated the “Notice on Allocation and
Planning of Large-scale Medical Device of the 14th Five-Year Plan (《
                                                                   「十四五」大型醫用設備配置規劃的通知》)”. As compared
with the “13th Five-Year Plan”, the number of planned allocation certificate for laparoscopic surgical system in the “14th
Five-Year Plan” increased significantly. The “14th Five-Year Plan” also emphasises technological innovation orientation and
enterprise innovation elements, indicating the absolute leading position of innovation entities in the development of the
medical device industry.

In the current stage, procurement of high-end medical device in China is mainly attributable to large hospitals. In the future,
with the continuous implementation of high-quality development strategies in the industry and the national push to expand
and evenly distribute premium medical resources, the demand for high-end medical equipment, including surgical robots, is
expected to gradually emerge in lower-tier markets. Domestic leading brands are poised to leverage their superior quality,
widely recognised clinical value, high cost-effectiveness, and integration with new technologies such as 5G communications
and artificial intelligence, to accelerate market share acquisition in broader markets, thereby aiding the expansion and
equitable distribution of premium medical resources and providing more high-end treatments of more comprehensive and
higher quality for doctors and patients in China.




                                                              SHANGHAI MICROPORT MEDBOT (GROUP) CO., LTD. | INTERIM REPORT 2024      9
     Management Discussion and Analysis (Continued)



     Meanwhile, regarding high-end medical equipment, exemplified by surgical robots, national and local governments vigorously
     implement open strategies such as the “Belt and Road” Initiative, encouraging enterprises to “go global” and participate in
     global market competition. In recent years, China’s domestic surgical robots have made major breakthroughs in many fields
     of core technology, as well as the integration and application of new technologies such as 5G communication and artificial
     intelligence. They will enter the list of “going global” medical device products and create implementable and replicable
     integrated solutions with smart and precise medical services for countries along the “Belt and Road”. According to the
     statistics released by the General Administration of Customs, in the total import and export of medical devices in 2023, the
     export of medical equipment increased by 5.4% year-on-year, an increase of 54.8% as compared to 2019. More and more
     high-end medical equipment from China is going abroad, and “Intelligent Manufacturing in China” has been recognised by
     doctors and patients in more countries and regions around the world.

     In March 2024, the State Council issued a notice on the Action Plan for Promoting Large-scale Equipment Renewal and
     Trade-in of Consumer Goods (《推動大規模設備更新和消費品以舊換新行動方案》) (the “Action Plan”), which specifies that
     by 2027, the scale of equipment investment in medical and other fields will increase by more than 25% as compared with
     2023, emphasises the promotion of the iteration and upgrading of the equipment and informatisation facilities of medical
     and healthcare institutions, and encourages qualified medical institutions to accelerate the update and reconstruction of
     medical equipment such as surgical robots, which will bring unprecedented development opportunities for the domestic
     surgical robots industry. In July 2024, the National Development and Reform Commission and the Ministry of Finance issued a
     notice on Certain Measures to Further Support Large-Scale Equipment Renewal and Trade-in of Consumer Goods (《關於加力
     支 持 大 規 模 設 備 更 新 和 消 費 品 以 舊 換 新 的 若 干 措 施》), proposing the allocation of approximately RMB300 billion in
     ultra-long-term special treasury bonds to bolster large-scale equipment renewal and trade-in of consumer goods. According
     to some rough statistics, currently, more than 30 provinces, autonomous regions and municipalities in China have introduced
     specific plans for the update of medical equipment. With the successive introduction and implementation of the provincial
     plans, as well as the continuous enhancement of domestic brands’ technological innovation and product quality, the process
     of domestic substitution in the field of large-scale medical equipment will be accelerated.

     As one of Shanghai’s three key leading industries, the biopharmaceutical sector has become a crucial driver in forming new
     productive forces. In July 2024, the General Office of the Shanghai Municipal People’s Government issued several opinions on
     supporting the full-chain innovative development of the biopharmaceutical industry, comprehensively covering critical aspects
     such as R&D, clinical trials, review and approval, application promotion, industrialisation, investment and financing, data
     resources, and internationalisation, providing comprehensive, specific, and actionable support for biopharmaceutical
     companies in Shanghai, including leading enterprises in the high-end medical device industry. To implement the Action Plan
     for the High-Quality Development of the Medical Equipment Industry (2023–2025) (《醫療裝備產業高品質發展行動計劃
     (2023–2025年) 》) and further promote the high-quality development of Shanghai’s medical robot industry, the Shanghai
     Municipal Economic and Informatisation Commission, the Science and Technology Commission of Shanghai Municipality, the
     Shanghai Municipal Health Commission, the Shanghai Municipal Medical Insurance Bureau, and the Shanghai Municipal Drug
     Administration have jointly developed the Shanghai Action Plan for Promoting the Development of the Medical Robot
     Industry (2023–2025) (《上海市促進醫療機器人產業發展行動方案(2023–2025年)》), which clarifies that one of the key tasks
     is to promote the development of overseas markets, supporting the “Belt and Road” initiative, encouraging local medical
     robot enterprises to utilise multilateral and bilateral cooperation mechanisms to provide higher quality high-end medical
     equipment and solutions to “Belt and Road” countries.




10
Management Discussion and Analysis (Continued)




BUSINESS PROGRESS
In the first half of 2024, the Group was committed to its business-focused strategy, adhered to the primary objective of
driving sustainable business development, and continuously and intensively enhanced its operational efficiency. During the
Reporting Period, by virtue of its excellent product performance and industry-leading commercialisation strength, the Group
accelerated the commercialisation of a number of its marketed products, which further consolidated and strengthened the its
competitive edge in the domestic markets, and achieved breakthroughs in overseas markets.

During the Reporting Period, the Group recorded a revenue of RMB99.2 million, representing a significant increase of
108.5% as compared with the corresponding period in the previous year, mainly attributable to the fact that the Group’s
major products, Toumai and SkyWalker, were comprehensively commercialised in parallel in both domestic and overseas
markets, and maintained a strong sales momentum. In addition to the rapid growth in revenue, the Group was able to
effectively improve its cost and cash flow control level by focusing on research and development, optimising production
processes, and enhancing operational management efficiency.


•    The commercialisation of our major products in China maintained a strong
     momentum, firmly ranking in the leading position of domestic brands
     —     The Group’s continuous leading technology advantages and commercialisation strength were strong engines
           driving the sustained revenue growth. Since the multi-disciplinary application of the Core Product, i.e. Toumai was
           approved by the NMPA in 2023, it has won the trust of doctors and gained high recognition from hospitals and
           the market by virtue of its excellent clinical value, forward-looking technological innovation capabilities and
           perfect training service system. During the Reporting Period, Toumai completed seven commercially installed units
           in the domestic market and recognised sales revenue. As of the date of this report, Toumai has completed the
           commercially installed units for 20 hospitals across the country, firmly ranking first in the market share among
           domestic laparoscopic surgical robots, with over half of which are top-tier or regional benchmark hospitals in
           China, which also confirms Toumai’s absolute leading edge in domestic laparoscopic surgical robots, and lays a
           sound foundation for Toumai’s continuous large-scale commercial applications.

     —     The Group continues to accelerate the clinical application of each product. As at the date of this report, over 1,300
           clinical surgeries have been completed by commercialised Toumai. SkyWalker has accumulatively completed over
           1,300 TKA surgeries in the world, covering orthopaedics and joint surgery in nearly 70 hospitals both at home and
           abroad. As a result of the large-scale clinical surgeries of the Group’s products, the Group recorded its first
           revenue contribution from sales of surgical robot instruments and accessories and provision of services during the
           Reporting Period.

     —     Since R-ONE, a vascular interventional robot deployed by the Group in the panvascular domain through
           international cooperation, was approved by the NMPA in December 2023, the Group has accelerated its
           promotion in hospitals, accumulated a number of sales orders, and achieved the first two commercial installations
           in the Chinese market during the Reporting Period.




                                                            SHANGHAI MICROPORT MEDBOT (GROUP) CO., LTD. | INTERIM REPORT 2024      11
     Management Discussion and Analysis (Continued)




     •   Overseas markets reached a milestone in commercialisation, accelerating
         globalisation strategy
         —   Toumai’s overseas market exploration achieved a milestone breakthrough. During the Reporting Period, Toumai
             successfully completed its first two commercially installed units in the overseas market and contributed revenue.
             This is a landmark milestone for Toumai to establish domestic presence, boldly explore the international market,
             and successfully achieve commercial transformation and enter into clinical application, which is of great
             significance to the Group’s development and globalisation strategy. As the first and currently the only domestic
             laparoscopic surgical robot to receive CE Mark from EU, Toumai has accumulated more than 10 overseas orders,
             covering a number of countries and regions, and has led the overseas commercialisation of domestic laparoscopic
             surgical robots, which fully demonstrates Toumai’s extensive recognition and strong potential in the international
             market.

         —   As the Group’s first flagship product to achieve overseas sales, SkyWalker has gradually expanded its overseas
             presence to more than 20 countries in 5 continents by making full use of the synergistic effect with MicroPort
             Group. It achieved revenue in Europe, Australia and other countries and regions during the Reporting Period, with
             the sales volume doubled as compared with the same period last year. As of the date of this report, SkyWalker
             has accumulatively received nearly 30 overseas sales orders, and the total number of TKA surgeries in the world
             has exceeded 1,300 cases. Among them, over 300 of TKA surgeries have been accomplished in more than 10
             medical institutions in the United States and Europe.

         —   By successfully appearing, showcasing achievements and sharing experiences at international industry conferences
             and exhibitions, the Group has been able to rapidly build and enhance brand influence in the international
             market. Through demonstrating our flagship products, remote surgery and innovative concepts, MedBot, as a
             representative of domestic surgical robots, proved to international clinical experts the technical strength of
             “Intelligent Manufacturing in China”, helping more overseas medical experts, scholars and even patients to
             recognise and deeply understand the application level and development status of innovative medical technologies
             in the field of minimally invasive surgery in China. As our academic influence in the international field continues to
             increase, it will ultimately drive the huge potential for our products to be sold in overseas markets.




12
Management Discussion and Analysis (Continued)




•   The application of 5G remote technology was promoted, leading the high-quality
    development of the industry
    —   The Group is committed to promoting the sharing of high-quality medical resources and bringing more health and
        well-being to people in remote areas such as border areas through the combination of new quality productive
        forces represented by surgical robots and cutting-edge medical technologies. Credited to our comprehensive
        mastery and continuous development of the underlying technology, joint application with 5G technology has
        been realised on many surgical robot products of the Group, including Toumai, SkyWalker and R-ONE. To date,
        Toumai has assisted in completing nearly 200 remote clinical surgeries in urology, general surgery, thoracic
        surgery, gynecology and paediatric surgery worldwide, with a 100% success rate, has set more than 20 records
        for the first of its kind in China and even the world, and has also verified the system stability, technical reliability
        and clinical safety of the surgical robots in different climatic and natural environments, such as plateaus, islands,
        gobi and mountainous areas.

    —   Based on the technological advantages of the Group’s various products and the practical experience in remote
        surgery accumulated both domestically and internationally, the Group has built the largest remote surgery
        network system in the world, which achieved full coverage of the domestic remote surgery network at multiple
        levels. In addition, it has gradually expanded its cross-national and cross-continental remote surgery coverage,
        striding forward towards the mid-to-high end of the global value chain, and empowering the medical treatment
        around the world with cutting-edge technology.


•   Cost reduction and efficiency improvement were implemented on all fronts,
    achieving remarkable results in cash flow management and control
    —   The Group continued to implement the strategy of strategic focus by focusing resources on the performance
        optimisation and iteration, commercial expansion and production process optimisation of key and
        commercial-stage products (including Toumai and SkyWalker, etc.) to consolidate our strong momentum of
        commercialisation in both domestic and overseas markets, thereby effectively enhancing the Group’s competitive
        edge.

    —   During the Reporting Period, we continued to enhance our production and supply chain management capabilities,
        and drove effective cost reduction of products to enhance their market competitiveness through continuous
        optimisation of product design and processing technology. At the same time, the Group carefully reviewed and
        sorted out its overall operations, and effectively implemented measures to optimise and enhance research and
        development efficiency, with a view to strengthening its lean operation capability. During the Reporting Period,
        the Group’s net loss narrowed by 48.6% year-on-year, thereby laying a good foundation for subsequent
        performance growth and profitability improvement.

    —   During the Reporting Period, the Group made full use of internal and external funding resources through the
        implementation of more efficient cash flow management and control measures, resulting in a year-on-year
        decrease in net free cash outflow by 49.7% to RMB235.3 million, which not only meets the core needs of the
        Company’s current operations, but also paves the way for the Group’s sustainable development in the future.




                                                           SHANGHAI MICROPORT MEDBOT (GROUP) CO., LTD. | INTERIM REPORT 2024       13
     Management Discussion and Analysis (Continued)




     OUR RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT AND PRODUCT PIPELINE
     With years of R&D innovation and industrial accumulation, the Group is the only surgical robot company in the world with a
     product portfolio covering the five major and fast growing surgical specialties of laparoscopic, orthopedic, panvascular,
     natural orifice and percutaneous surgical procedures, under which, several products are at the fast promotion stage of
     industrialisation projects.

     During the Reporting Period, with our clear strategical focus and efficient operational management, the Group has put more
     research and development resources on the development, optimisation and upgrading of its products (including Toumai, our
     Core Product, and SkyWalker, our flagship product) in the stage of commercialisation, to provide surgeons and patients with
     more comprehensive, better and more innovative robotic surgical solutions as fast as possible. Leveraging on the Group’s
     strong innovation capabilities and strict implementation of the above strategies, the Group’s research and development as
     well as product pipelines have achieved satisfying progress during the Reporting Period.

     The following table summarised our product portfolio as of the date of this report.


                                                                                                                                   Development stage
                                                                                                    Medical
                                                                                                                                                  Clinical
                                                                                                    device        Design         Design
                     Surgical                                          Indicated                                                                   Trial/         Registration
                                                                                                    product     Development     Validation
                     Specialty          Product                        Application                                                                Clinical        Application
                                                                                                 classification
                                                                                                                                                 Evaluation


                                                                       Urologic surgery,
                                       Toumai Laparoscopic             Gynecologic surgery,           III
                                       Surgical Robot                  Thoracic surgery,
                                                                       General surgery▲●
                                                                                                     II(b)                                          obtained CE Mark

                     Laparoscopic                                      Urlolgic surgery,
                                       Toumai Single-arm
                     Surgery                                           gynecologic surgery            III
                                       Laparoscopic Surgical Robot
                                                                       and general surgery

                                        DFVision 3D Electronic         Laparoscopic surgeries         II                            with real-time fluorescence imaging function
                                        Laparoscope                    for abdominal, thoracic
                                                                       and pelvic organs▲●           II(a)                                          obtained CE Mark

     Self                                                                                             III
     Development                                                       Total knee
                                                                       arthroplast▲●                 II(b)        obtained certification from FDA, CE, ANVISA, TGA and CDSCO
                                                                       Total knee arthroplast
                     Orthopedic        SkyWalker Orthopedic
                                                                       and Total hip                  III
                     Surgery           Surgical Robot
                                                                       arthroplasty▲

                                                                       Unicompartmental
                                                                                                      III
                                                                       knee arthroplasty

                     Natural Orifice   Trans-bronchial Surgical        Trans-bronchial                III
                     Surgery           Robot                           diagnosis & treatment

                     Panvascular       R-ONE Vascular
                                                                       Coronary angioplasty▲          III
                     Surgery           Interventional Surgical Robot
     International
     Collaboration                     iSR’obot Mona Lisa Robotic
                     Percutaneous                                      Transperineal prostate
                     Surgery           Transperineal Prostate          biopsy▲                        III
                                       Biopsy System

                     Products entered into Green Path      ▲Products approved by the NMPA            ●Products with approval for launch overseas




14
Management Discussion and Analysis (Continued)




Toumai Laparoscopic Surgical Robot — Our Core Product
Toumai, the Core Product of the Company, is a laparoscopic surgical robot designed and developed by the Group for a wide
range of surgical procedures, which enables complex surgeries to adopt a minimally invasive approach. The agility of robotic
arms allows greater precision in operations, enhances the safety of surgery and reduces surgeon fatigue. Seated comfortably
at the console, a surgeon views an immersive 3DHD image of the surgical field and manipulates the surgical instruments
inside the patient’s body by controlling the robotic arms. Toumai provides surgeons with a range of motions analogous to
those of human wrists, while filtering out the tremors inherent in human hands.


•    Several units of commercial installation completed in China, consolidating the
     leading position among domestic brands
     Since the multi-disciplinary application of Toumai was approved by the NMPA in 2023, it has won the trust of surgeons
     and gained high recognition from hospitals and the market by virtue of its excellent clinical value, forward-looking
     technological innovation capabilities and perfect training service system. During the Reporting Period, Toumai
     completed seven units of commercial installation in the domestic market and recognised sales revenue. As of the date
     of this report, Toumai has completed the commercial installation for twenty hospitals in various provinces nationwide,
     firmly ranking first in the market share of domestic laparoscopic surgical robots, with over half of which are top-tier or
     regional benchmark hospitals in China, which also confirms Toumai’s absolute leading edge in domestic laparoscopic
     surgical robots, and lays a sound foundation for Toumai’s continuous large-scale commercial applications.


•    Obtained CE Mark, accelerating the realisation of overseas market layout
     In May 2024, Toumai successfully obtained the CE Mark from EU and took the lead in entering the international
     mainstream market. It can be used in urology, general surgery, thoracic surgery and gynaecological endoscopic surgery,
     and became the first and only domestic laparoscopic surgical robot to obtain the CE Mark from EU, which represents
     the full affirmation of the international market for its leading technological strength and product performance, laying a
     significant foundation for the future commercial exploration and large-scale clinical applications of Toumai in the
     European market and even in the global market; which also marks the official ushering in the Chinese robotic intelligent
     surgical total solutions that can prolong and reshape the lives of patients in the field of global minimally invasive
     surgery, opening up a new era in the internationalisation of the domestic surgical robots industry.

     During the Reporting Period, Toumai successfully completed two units of commercial installation in overseas market and
     achieved a revenue breakthrough, especially after obtaining the CE Mark, the progress of overseas market expansion
     further accelerated, and the accumulative overseas orders exceeded ten units. To date, Toumai has successfully carried
     out nearly 100 clinical surgeries in overseas markets, actively engaged in the integration of domestic and overseas
     resources and globalisation, and communicated with industry peers from all over the world to lead the innovative
     breakthroughs of domestic laparoscopic surgical robots in terms of multi-disciplinary clinical applications, remote
     technology and international market development, so that China’s intelligent manufacturing can benefit patients
     around the world as soon as possible.

     Since its debut in the international vision, through industry exhibitions around the world, Toumai has demonstrated its
     high-level clinical performance and technical level to top overseas clinical experts, and shared the exploration experience
     of MedBot in the field of remote surgery. During the 2024 annual meeting of the Society of Robotic Surgery (SRS), a
     globally renowned academic conference, more than 1,700 top experts from all over the world attended the conference
     to discuss the latest technologies and clinical applications of surgical robots. Hundreds of experts test-drove Toumai,
     and they unanimously evaluated the overall performance of Toumai to rank among the top in the world.




                                                             SHANGHAI MICROPORT MEDBOT (GROUP) CO., LTD. | INTERIM REPORT 2024     15
     Management Discussion and Analysis (Continued)




     •   Scaled surgical operations accelerated, demonstrating its excellent clinical value
         With a clear commercialisation strategy, Toumai continued to proceed physician training and clinical validation during
         the Reporting Period. Toumai’s exceptional product performance and stability have been thoroughly validated, leading
         to a rapid increase in its recognition and acceptance among hospitals and surgeons. The Group has accumulatively
         established nearly 40 clinical application and training centers for Toumai worldwide, and completed certification
         training sessions for more than 100 surgeons during the Reporting Period.

         In terms of human clinical application, as of the date of this report, more than 1,300 clinical surgeries were completed
         by commercially installed Toumai, continually achieving remarkable results in multiple consecutive surgeries and
         becoming the first to pass the threshold of large-scale application of domestic laparoscopic surgical robots. As one of
         the representative hospitals for Toumai’s rapid clinical application promotion, The First Affiliated Hospital of Jinzhou
         Medical University performed 29 surgeries within less than a month post its commercial installation, widely covering
         general surgery, urology, and gynecology, assisting experts in achieving new records in the number, complexity, and
         quality of surgeries in the first month of installation, thus providing high-quality and affordable medical robotic
         solutions to local patients and doctors.

         With the large-scale and routine clinical application of Toumai, its innovation, stability, safety, and effectiveness have
         been validated in large samples and diversified clinical trials, benefiting an increasing number of patients with
         high-quality medical treatment enabled by surgical robot technology. As of now, Toumai’s clinical application covers
         nearly 200 indications across multiple specialties and diverse procedures, successfully completing several “ceiling” level
         high-difficulty surgeries within the industry, laying a solid foundation for continuous commercial expansion and rapid
         increase in surgical volume.




16
Management Discussion and Analysis (Continued)




•    Overcome challenges in routine application, advancing remote robotic surgery
     into a new era
     The application of 5G technology to realise the standardisation of remote robotic surgery is conducive to the realisation
     of allocation of quality medical resources to lower-tier cities, which in turns benefiting patients in extensive remote
     areas, and it is also one of the key directions for the Company’s continuous research and active progress. As of the date
     of this report, Toumai has taken the lead in exploring nearly 200 5G remote human clinical surgeries in the world, with
     a 100% success rate, covering nearly 30 cities, connecting more than 30 hospitals, with accumulative transmission
     distance of over 150,000 kilometers, and has taken the lead in overcoming the challenges of routine remote surgery
     application worldwide and verifying Toumai’s stability, technical reliability, and clinical safety in various climates and
     environments, including plateaus, islands, deserts, and mountainous areas. At the same time, Toumai has also assisted
     and completed a series of pioneering achievements — the longest surgical distance (over 5,000 kilometres), the most
     complex surgical procedures (over 150 tertiary and quaternary surgeries), the widest range of indications, more than 10
     consecutive surgeries (with a maximum of 3 consecutive surgeries), the most first records in the world — nearly 20
     records for the first in its kind remote surgery in China and even the world.

     The Group’s breakthrough innovation in the field of 5G applications and its forward-looking research and leading
     exploration in international cutting-edge fields such as remote surgery and intellectual surgery have enabled Toumai to
     assist clinical experts at home and abroad in achieving a new milestone in remote surgery. At the 49th session of Arab
     Health and the first session of SRS Telesurgery Consensus Conference held in early 2024, China’s 5G remote surgery
     technology went abroad, as Toumai completed the world’s first transnational 5G ultra-remote simulated surgery
     verification across 12,900 kilometres, and successfully implemented the world’s first “global” robotic remote surgery
     operation verification. It fully demonstrated to authoritative experts and scholars from Asia, Europe, America and other
     countries and regions that China’s independently developed laparoscopic surgical robots have extraordinary technical
     strength and extremely stable and reliable performance, and breakthrough clinical applications.

     As at the date of this report, Toumai remote laparoscopic surgery system has commenced the NMPA registrational
     clinical trial, and is in the process of clinical trial enrollment.

Warning under Rule 18A.08(3) of the Listing Rules: We cannot assure that our Core Product may ultimately be
successfully commercialised. Shareholders and potential investors of the Company are advised to exercise caution
when dealing in the shares of the Company.




                                                            SHANGHAI MICROPORT MEDBOT (GROUP) CO., LTD. | INTERIM REPORT 2024     17
     Management Discussion and Analysis (Continued)




     Toumai Single-arm Laparoscopic Surgical Robot (“Toumai Single-arm”)
     Toumai Single-arm Laparoscopic Surgical Robot, independently developed by the Group, is featured by a unique single-arm
     structure with self-developed intellectual property rights, flexible movement, as well as a convenient set-up. Its device in snake
     design can achieve seven degrees of freedom within a narrow space, which is more sophisticated than multi-arm robots.
     Toumai Single-arm performs laparoscopic surgery on a single-port basis, which has clinical values such as smaller wound, less
     pain and improved post-operative aesthetics compared to traditional multi-port surgeries.

     As at the date of this report, Toumai Single-arm Laparoscopic Surgical Robot has completed the submission of registration
     and is under the NMPA review. As Toumai Single-arm started application of single-port clinical procedures in various
     departments including gynecologic, urologic and general surgeries, expecting to provide further proof for the technological
     stability and safety of Toumai Single-arm, and to benefit more physicians and patients with its excellent performance and
     reliable services.


     DFVision 3D Electronic Laparoscope
     DFVision is a 3D electronic laparoscope independently developed by the Group, which can be used for examination and
     imaging in laparoscope surgeries, to observe, diagnose, take photos on or treat in organs such as abdominal cavity and
     thoracic cavity. Through the application of high-resolution imaging objective lens and electronic lens structure, it presents full
     HD two-way images, provides the operator with the 3D sense of surgical field of vision and natural depth of field, to satisfy
     the anatomical demand of high precision and high stereoscopic level in clinical application, which is of great significance to
     the precise freeing, suturing and knotting during surgery. It can reduce the operation time, reduce surgical errors, improve the
     quality of surgery, and increase the efficiency of surgery. It breaks through the limitations of the traditional two-dimensional
     laparoscopic surgery, making it applicable to surgeries in different departments including urological surgery, general surgery,
     thoracic surgery and gynecological surgery.

     DFVision obtained the marketing registration certificate issued by the NMPA in June 2021 and realised sales in second half of
     2021. As the Group’s high-end vision platform that connects the technical equipment with underlying algorithms and surgical
     robot products, DFVision’s performance and technical level have been improved gradually. The new generation of DFVision
     was granted with the marketing registration certificate issued by the Shanghai Medical Products Administration in 2023 and
     the CE Mark from EU through approval by the British Standards Institution (BSI), and laid a solid foundation for the Group to
     overseas commercialisation in the future. In July 2024, 3D electronic thoracoabdominal endoscopy system with real-time
     fluorescence imaging function independently developed by the Group was approved by NMPA, which can greatly reduce the
     difficulty of surgery, shorten the operation time, promote the improvement of the intelligence level and safety of robotic
     surgery, and ultimately benefit the majority of patients.




18
Management Discussion and Analysis (Continued)




SkyWalker Orthopedic Surgical Robot
SkyWalker has the platform-based, standardised, precise and personalised features. Its preoperative planning system
establishes three-dimensional models of knee joints and hip joints based on the patient’s preoperative CT scan data, and
generates personalised prosthetic implant surgical solutions based on the patient’s physiological and anatomical
characteristics. During the operation, a self-developed highly dexterous and lightweight robotic arm is used, and precise
osteotomy and grinding are completed through man-machine collaboration. After the operation, the alignment correction of
the lower limbs is significantly better than traditional surgery, improving surgical accuracy and efficiency. SkyWalker can
precisely position during the operation, precisely perform knee osteotomy and acetabular grinding, and precisely restore the
patient’s lower limb alignment. It can achieve more precise and efficient osteotomy, bone grinding and prosthetic installation
than traditional hip and knee replacement. Its intelligent assistance system can avoid damage caused by intramedullary
positioning in traditional surgery, reduce the risk of dislocation or surgical failure caused by implantation position of the
acetabular cup, decrease surgical complications, and help patients recover quickly after surgery. As the instruments for hip
grinding, acetabular cup installation and knee joint osteotomy are basically the same as those used in traditional surgery, it
can greatly shorten the learning curve of doctors and facilitate their rapid proficiency.

SkyWalker (being used for total knee replacement surgery and total hip replacement surgery) obtained the registration
certificate for launch issued by NMPA in 2023, becoming the first and, to date, the only domestic hip and knee integrated
orthopaedic surgery robot equipped with self-developed robotic arm and approved for launch. In terms of overseas market
expansion, SkyWalker (being used for total knee replacement surgery) has managed to obtain the 510(k) clearance from the
FDA, the CE Mark from EU, the certification from Brazil ANVISA, the certification from Australia TGA and CDSCO of India
successively, making it the first and only domestic surgical robot that has obtained marketing approval in major markets of
surgical robots including China, the United States, Europe, Brazil, Australia and India.

In terms of clinical application and promotion, with its advantages of customised planning and precise surgical operation,
SkyWalker can reduce wounds of patients and avoid over-reliance on physicians’ skills and experience in traditional joint
replacement surgery. It can optimise surgical results and benefit the patients. Benefited from the Group’s extensive and
targeted marketing promotion and physicians’ training for SkyWalker, as well as the effective synergy and full utilisation of
good brand reputation and solid market foundation of MicroPort Group in overseas orthopaedic market, SkyWalker rapidly
converted its initial achievement upon its commercialisation. During the Reporting Period, SkyWalker’s overseas territory has
gradually expanded to cover more than 20 countries in five continents, and has realised sales revenue in countries and regions
including Europe and Australia, with sales volume doubling compared with the same period of last year.

SkyWalker is committed to providing more excellent clinical solutions for joint replacement for surgeons and patients around
the world. By continuously meeting the clinical practice in the mainstream countries of the world’s high-end medical
equipment, as well as the clinical needs of the mature markets, we have won the wider recognition of the clinical staff in
various countries, which will also provide continuous impetus for the continuous improvement of SkyWalker’s performance
and the creation of a more forward-looking competitive advantage. As at the date of this report, SkyWalker has completed
more than 1,300 TKA procedures worldwide, with clinical applications covering orthopedics, joint surgery departments of
nearly 70 hospitals in China and overseas. Among them, more than 10 medical institutions in the United States and Europe
have completed over 300 TKA procedures. Meanwhile, SkyWalker has successfully conducted various cases of 5G remote
joint replacement surgeries, which holds practical and far-reaching significance in expansion of its application to hospitals in
third and fourth tier cities and remote areas, as well as in establishment of medical communities in the future.




                                                             SHANGHAI MICROPORT MEDBOT (GROUP) CO., LTD. | INTERIM REPORT 2024     19
     Management Discussion and Analysis (Continued)




     Trans-bronchial Surgical Robot (“Trans-bronchial Surgical Robot”)
     The Robot-assisted Bronchoscopy Navigation System independently developed by the Group is a non-invasive natural orifice
     transluminal robotic platform. The system features an ultra-smooth, ultra-thin snake-shaped robotic catheter, which can
     access hard-to-reach and narrow lesions through human’s natural orifice without making any wound on the body. It has
     significant meaning in early diagnosis and treatment of small pulmonary nodule and other cancer.

     The clinical trial and validation of the Trans-bronchial Surgical Robot are progressing smoothly, it has completed a
     robot-assisted transbronchial lung nodules biopsy, which is the first-in-man (FIM) clinical trial completed by a
     Chinese-developed trans-bronchial surgical robot.


     R-ONE Vascular Interventional Surgical Robot
     The R-ONE introduced by Shanghai Cathbot, a joint venture established in China by the Company and Robocath in France, is
     an innovative robotics product in the field of pan-vascular. R-ONE is a vascular intervention navigation control system based
     on master-slave control technology, which is designed to assist cardiovascular interventional physicians in conducting
     percutaneous coronary intervention (“PCI”) surgeries to locate lesions precisely, optimise the delivery of balloons and stent
     catheters, thereby standardising the surgical process, improving the surgical accuracy, and reducing surgical complications.
     Furthermore, surgeons can sit at the anti-radiation console to complete remote control, effectively reducing the exposure time
     under the radiation while accurately operating the operation.

     R-ONE has accelerated its in-hospital rollout since the approval of NMPA in December 2023. Leveraging the high degree of
     synergy with the cardiovascular business of MicroPort Group, R-ONE has already obtained a number of sales orders and
     achieved the first two units of commercial installation in the China market during the Reporting Period.

     Through integrated application of 5G technology, during the Reporting Period, R-ONE assisted experts from the National
     Institute of Cardiovascular Diseases (NICVD) in Bangladesh to successfully perform a number of vascular interventional
     operations for complex lesions, and completed the world’s first robotic PCI remote surgery for two consecutive operations,
     and the world’s first robotic remote surgery for the implantation of two stents for complex coronary lesions at one time, and
     the local surgery to implant three stents at one time for multi-vessel coronary lesions for two consecutive operations. It fills a
     number of gaps in the field of interventional treatment worldwide, proving that robotic remote surgery can also complete the
     interventional treatment of complex coronary lesions.




20
Management Discussion and Analysis (Continued)




iSR’obot Mona Lisa Robotic Transperineal Prostate Biopsy System
Mona Lisa, a product of Shanghai Intbot, a joint venture company jointly established by the Company and Biobot in China is
an innovative robotics product in the field of percutaneous puncture of the Group. Mona Lisa enables physicians to conduct
biopsy sampling more precisely and easily: before the procedure, physicians can conduct surgical planning and interactive
adjustment through intelligent software; in the course of procedure, a powerful elastic MRI-ultrasound fusion algorithm can
guide physicians immediately, allowing target sites to be easily and accurately sampled regardless of whether they are located
in the prostate sharp, base bottom or peripheral belt. The innovative two-point needling approach can minimise the
interference of the bones, reduce the incisions of patients, and achieve full prostate coverage; after the procedure, Mona Lisa
can generate a complete report containing 3D images and clinical data.

Mona Lisa has been commercialised since it was approved by the NMPA in 2023. It forms an integrated solution for diagnosis
and treatment of prostate cancer with the Company’s Core Product, Toumai, and facilitate the improvement of diagnosis and
treatment models for prostate diseases. As the first prostate puncture robot obtained the approval in the field of urology in
China, Mona Lisa can improve the positive detection rate of patients, reduce manual error and omission diagnostic rate, assist
clinical physicians to complete biopsy puncture surgeries more accurately and efficiently, and at the same time reduce the
pain of patients. The product provides more medical options and better conditions for patients requiring prostate biopsy
puncture, which fills the gap in the domestic market for robot-assisted puncture products.


CUTTING-EDGE TECHNOLOGY
With the continuous progress of technologies, such as big data, AI, human-computer interaction technology, 5G
communication, etc., surgical robots will lead the intelligent transformation in the medical field continuously, making surgery
more accurate, smarter, safer, more affordable and more minimally-invasive. During the Reporting Period, while deeply
engaged in the R&D of five core underlying technologies of surgical robots, the Group persisted on an innovation-driven
approach, committed to meeting the demand for robotic surgery.

The technology of 5G remote surgeries is one of our key R&D directions that we continuously tackle and focus on, which
reflects our implementation of and response to the guidance on the construction of regional medical communities under the
“Healthy China” strategy. Free from the constraint of physical distance, it is a powerful tool for resolving the grassroots’
difficulties in seeking healthcare services, and represents our pragmatic approach to our belief of “Make surgery easier, safer
and less invasive”. The Group is committed to assisting doctors to create integrated solutions for intelligent and precise
medical care that can be implemented and replicated, promoting robot-assisted surgery towards inclusiveness, and enhancing
the influence of China’s innovative medical technology and remote surgery technology in neighbouring countries and even in
the world. Based on the comprehensive mastery of the underlying technology, the Group’s multi-track surgical robot
products, such as Toumai, SkyWalker and R-ONE, have achieved the joint application with 5G technology, and have
successfully achieved a large number of clinical practices of ultra-remote robot-assisted surgery at home and abroad, which
has won wide attention and praise from experts at home and abroad.

Meanwhile, based on the diversified layout of its products as well as its solid technical accumulation and rich clinical
experience in the field of remote surgery, the Group has constructed the largest remote surgery network system in the world,
with a view to realising the full coverage of the multilevel remote surgery network covering the domestic provinces, cities and
counties, and even realising cross-country and cross-continental remote surgery on human beings in the near future.




                                                             SHANGHAI MICROPORT MEDBOT (GROUP) CO., LTD. | INTERIM REPORT 2024    21
     Management Discussion and Analysis (Continued)



     The Group continued to put efforts in promoting the application of remote technology in robot-assisted surgeries, with an
     aim to help establishment of regional medical partnership. The Group has jointly established the world’s first 5G remote
     precisive minimally invasive surgery training center with 301 Hospital, which provides assistance for the standardised training
     and promotion of domestic robotic surgery technology, facilitated the flow of advanced diagnosis and treatment technology
     to lower-tier, and promoted the improvement of primary medical and health service capacity in China.


     RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT
     We have fully mastered the five core underlying technologies of surgical robots (i.e. robot ontology, control algorithms,
     electrical engineering, image-based navigation and precision imaging). Through years of solid accumulation in the five
     technical fields, the Group has been able to establish an innovative surgical robot platform and maintain the ability to develop
     new products continuously.

     At present, the Group has two China R&D centers respectively in Shanghai and Shenzhen. Meanwhile, as part of the
     globalisation strategy, the Group also has established overseas R&D centers in Singapore, the United States and other
     countries, aiming at breaking through the core technology of minimally-invasive surgical robots, providing the whole chain of
     scientific and technological innovation services of surgical robots, and preparing for the Group’s R&D, upgrade and iteration
     of the Group’s products in the future. The Group also made full advantages of medical and engineering integration, and has
     reacted promptly to clinical needs. We have vigorously carried out multi-center clinical trials led by clinicians, promoted
     industrial upgrading and product iteration, and realised the transformation of underlying research results. Our Shanghai
     Engineering Research Center of Minimally Invasive Surgical Robots (上 海 微 創 手 術 機 器 人 工 程 技 術 研 究 中 心) is the first
     provincial surgical robot engineering centre. It created an open service platform covering research and development,
     verification, clinical and industrialisation support, aiming at promoting cooperation throughout the industry chain, including
     scientific research institution under medical device testing organisations. The platform cooperated with the institutions to
     establish standards for surgical robots and construct experimental testing capabilities for surgical robots.


     CAPABILITY OF COMMERCIALISATION
     The Group has established a well-trained and fully responsible consultant marketing team to provide hospitals with
     comprehensive services, such as training, surgery support, maintenance, as well as equipment adjustment and testing and so
     on. During the Reporting Period, the Group has promoted establishment of a targeted training system, helping the Group to
     continuously improve its product marketing system, further optimise service capabilities and continuously enhance brand
     influence. To date, the Group has established nearly 40 clinical application and training centers for Toumai and 20 for
     SkyWalker worldwide. The Group conducted over 1,000 surgical robot clinical application and training events to enhance
     communication with surgeons and patient education year to date, so as to build its brand reputation, laying a solid
     foundation for further enhancing the recognition of the Group’s innovative products, as well as their subsequent large-scale
     sales. We have collected ample feedback from doctors through trainings and communication activities, thereby providing
     critical clinical support for the continuous upgrading of the Group’s products and improving product’s functions. At the same
     time, we continued to conduct large-scale clinical validation surgeries based on real clinical application scenarios and needs.
     The Group has achieved conductive transformation reflected in sales results with the efficient implementation of various and
     comprehensive marketing, physician training and clinical validation activities.

     MedBot Mobile Demonstration & Training Center (微創機器人移動培訓展示平台) developed by the Group is equipped with
     Toumai and SkyWalker surgical robot systems. During the Reporting Period, through continuous promotion and application of
     those systems, we promoted the surgical robot technology of “Intelligent Manufacturing in China” across the country,
     providing a platform for more healthcare professionals to access and experience surgical robots without having to travel long
     distances, which would help alleviate current shortage of domestic surgical robot training resources, and accelerate the
     popularisation of affordable robotic surgeries.

22
Management Discussion and Analysis (Continued)




MANUFACTURING AND SUPPLY CHAIN
The Group’s internal manufacturing and supply chain team is responsible for managing our manufacturing, supply and
transportation. We currently have two production bases in China, located in Shanghai and Suzhou respectively. We
established a multi-level supply chain system covering precision parts, consumables, core components and system integration
and have achieved production capacity at scale for a number of marketed surgical robots and its complementary
consumables. The Group engaged in system integration and hierarchical assembly and testing of core components through its
subsidiary Shanghai MicroPort Shuzhi Technology Co., Ltd. (上海微創樞知科技有限公司), and expedited the research and
development of core parts prototype and the products iteration through its subsidiary Jiaxing Weizhuo Technology Co., Ltd.
(嘉興微琢科技有限公司). Through strategic and refined procurement management as well as the effective measures, the
Group continuously optimises sampling and product iteration efficiency and improves product delivery rate.


HUMAN RESOURCES AND PERSONNEL TRAINING
After years of accumulation, we have a surgical robot industrialisation team that involves in the full cycle of surgical robot
development covering R&D, clinical trial and registration, supply chain management and commercialisation and marketing.
During the Reporting Period, based on the business development condition and demand, the Company optimised and
streamlined its organisational structure to facilitate the sustainable development of the Company in the future. As at 30 June
2024, the Group had around 560 employees. The Group’s internal talent growth platform stayed closely aligned with our
business. On the basis of the existing diversified course system comprising basic knowledge, management knowledge,
professional knowledge and project experience sharing, the Group has added new overseas training camp projects tailored to
the needs of the overseas business, placing importance on overseas case studies and practical courses on overseas skills to
provide a strong talent pool for the globalisation of the business.


INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY
As at 30 June 2024, we have filed 1,314 patents application worldwide, of which 459 patents have been granted patents in
China or overseas, including 304 Chinese patents and 155 overseas patents. The remaining 855 patents are still under
application, covering cutting-edge areas such as clinical applications, automated surgery and AI technology. In the first half of
2024, the Group was granted 64 new patents, including 23 overseas patents for inventions, completing the overseas
deployment of core technologies. According to the branding, marketing and compliance protection strategy, we have
completed the layout of domestic and foreign trademarks, and accumulated 292 trademark registrations as at 30 June 2024,
having established the trademark system of launched products and corporate brands.




                                                              SHANGHAI MICROPORT MEDBOT (GROUP) CO., LTD. | INTERIM REPORT 2024     23
     Management Discussion and Analysis (Continued)




     OUTLOOK
     With the growing recognition of the advantages of surgical robots by the public, the continuous improvement of global
     medical infrastructure, the active guidance and support of the Chinese government for innovative medical devices, and the
     increasing investment in the field of surgical robots on the capital market, we expect the market of surgical robots to grow
     sustainably. Facing the fast-growing demand for surgical robots, we will adhere to the management credo of “Eyes For
     Greatness, Hands On Details” and firmly implement a positive and efficient business strategy, including but not limited to the
     following:


     1.   Continue to strengthen product portfolio to build a multi-specialty surgical
          platform
          We will continue fulfilling our commitment to meeting the frontier demand for minimally-invasive surgery. By
          integrating the cutting-edge research and robot ontology, control algorithms, electrical engineering, image-based
          navigation and precision imaging, we provide comprehensive intelligent surgical solutions to prolong and reshape the
          lives of patients. Based on the five major and fast-growing surgical specialties, we will adhere to our strategic focus,
          optimise and upgrade existing products continuously through independent development and external cooperation,
          actively promoting the development of innovative products, as well as the application of surgical robots in more clinical
          fields.


     2.   Accelerate the commercialisation, and improve the market penetration
          With the continuous surgical robot products launch, we will establish more training and education centers for surgical
          robots, strengthen communication with doctors and patients, improve clinical application experience, standardise robot
          operation processes and standards, accelerate the popularisation of surgical robots, empower the total solution of
          high-quality medical robots assisted surgery to lower-tier medical institutions all over China, and realise our belief of
          “Make surgery easier, safer and less invasive”.


     3.   Continue to promote globalisation strategy
          We will build a globalised medical robots total solution innovation platform and integrate potential resources to
          improve the commercialisation and supply chain capacity of the Group overseas, paving the way for the launch of our
          surgical robot products in overseas markets in the future. To cooperate with the implementation of the globalisation
          strategy, we plan to cooperate with the top hospitals and well-known research institutions all over the world to
          enhance our soft power in the industry.




24
Management Discussion and Analysis (Continued)




FINANCIAL REVIEW
Overview
The following discussion is based on, and should be read in conjunction with, the financial information and the notes
included elsewhere in this report.


Revenue
The Group recorded revenue of RMB99.2 million for the six months ended 30 June 2024, representing an increase of
108.5% from RMB47.6 million for the six months ended 30 June 2023, which was mainly due to the core product Toumai,
continued to maintain strong sales momentum in the domestic market; at the same time, Toumai has successfully achieved
overseas commercialisation and generated revenue, further accelerated the overseas market expansion; and SkyWalker fully
leveraged its synergies with MicroPort Group, realising sales in countries and regions such as the United States, Europe and
Australia, with sales doubling over the same period last year.


Gross Profit and Gross Profit Margin
Gross profit increased by 113.0% from RMB22.1 million for the six months ended 30 June 2023 to RMB47.0 million for the
six months ended 30 June 2024, which was due to the increase in sales of various major product categories. Gross profit
margin for the six months ended 30 June 2024 was 47.4%, compared to 46.4% for the same period last year.


Selling and Marketing Expenses
Selling and marketing expenses decreased by 27.3% from RMB126.9 million for the six months ended 30 June 2023 to
RMB92.2 million for the six months ended 30 June 2024. The decrease was attributable to the adjustment of the
commercialisation strategy in the second half of 2023, resulting in the optimisation of the resources allocation for marketing
team and the decrease in labor costs.


Administrative Expenses
Administrative expenses decreased by 61.2% from RMB77.6 million for the six months ended 30 June 2023 to RMB30.1
million for the six months ended 30 June 2024. The reduction of administrative expenses was primarily due to the decrease in
labor costs as a result of the streamlining of the management functional team upon completion of measures for optimisation
of operational efficiency, as well as the decrease in other administrative expenses.


Research and Development Costs
Research and development costs decreased by 47.3% from RMB311.7 million for the six months ended 30 June 2023 to
RMB164.1 million for the six months ended 30 June 2024. The decrease was primarily due to the fact that the core product
Toumai and the flagship product SkyWalker have achieved phased results. Meanwhile, the Company focuses on the
performance optimisation and iteration of the product pipeline at the stage of commercialisation and the improvement on
R&D efficiency.




                                                            SHANGHAI MICROPORT MEDBOT (GROUP) CO., LTD. | INTERIM REPORT 2024    25
     Management Discussion and Analysis (Continued)



     The following table provides information regarding the breakdown of the research and development costs of the Group for
     the periods indicated:

                                                                                           Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                                  2024              2023
                                                                                               RMB’000           RMB’000


     Staff costs                                                                                102,284               189,997
     Cost of materials and consumables                                                           17,097                60,702
     Contracting costs                                                                           14,152                23,332
     Depreciation and amortisation                                                               18,601                17,831
     Clinical trial expenses                                                                      6,218                 7,858
     Others                                                                                       5,797                11,976


     Total                                                                                      164,149               311,696


     Other Net Income/(Loss)
     For the six months ended 30 June 2024, the Group recorded other net income of RMB5.3 million, which primarily due to
     recognition of the government grants (primarily including government subsidies to support our research and development
     activities on surgical robots) of RMB7.2 million, as compared to other net loss of RMB23.2 million for the six months ended
     30 June 2023.


     Net Loss on Financial Instruments Carried at FVPL
     For the six months ended 30 June 2024, the Group recorded a net loss of RMB10.4 million on financial instruments carried at
     FVPL as compared to a net loss of RMB1.9 million for the six months ended 30 June 2023, which was primarily due to the
     further decrease in the fair value of the NDR investment.


     Finance Costs
     The finance costs of the Group increased from RMB8.6 million for the six months ended 30 June 2023 to RMB9.8 million for
     the six months ended 30 June 2024, primarily due to increased interest on bank loans.


     Share of Losses of Equity-Accounted Investees
     Share of losses of equity-accounted investees decreased by 41.6% from RMB16.8 million for the six months ended 30 June
     2023 to RMB9.8 million for the six months ended 30 June 2024. Our equity-accounted investees are still in research and
     development or early commercialisation stage and recorded net loss during the Reporting Period.


     Impairment Loss on an Equity-Accounted Investee
     The Group made provision for impairment of its investment in Robocath of RMB15.7 million during the six months ended 30
     June 2024, due to the decrease in the recoverable amount of the Group’s equity investment in Robocath. The Group
     observed that the recoverable amount of the investment in Robocath was affected by Robocath’s delayed commercialisation
     process and recent financial performance. The Group conducted an impairment test by comparing its recoverable amount
     with the carrying amount, and made the above impairment provision.




26
Management Discussion and Analysis (Continued)




NON-HKFRS MEASURES
To supplement our unaudited consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income which is presented in
accordance with HKFRSs, we also use adjusted net loss as a non-HKFRS measure, which is not required by HKFRS, or
presented in accordance with IFRS. We believe that the presentation of non-HKFRS measure when shown in conjunction with
the corresponding HKFRS measures provides useful data to investors and management in facilitating a comparison of our
operating performance from period to period by eliminating potential impacts of certain items that do not affect our ongoing
operating performance. Such non-HKFRS measure allows investors to consider metrics used by our management in evaluating
our performance. However, the use of the non-HKFRS measures has limitations as an analytical tool, and you should not
consider it in isolation from, or as a substitute for or superior to analysis of, our results of operations or financial condition as
reported under HKFRS. In addition, the non-HKFRS financial measure may be defined differently from similar terms used by
other companies and therefore may not be comparable to similar measures presented by other companies.

For illustrative purpose only, the following table shows our adjusted net loss and its reconciliation to loss for the period
indicated:

                                                                                                                  Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                                                         2024              2023
                                                                                                                      RMB’000           RMB’000


Loss for the period                                                                                                     (279,950)                   (544,733)
Add:
   Share-based payment expenses(1)                                                                                        35,398                       71,170

      Changes in the fair value of financial instruments(2)                                                               10,443                         1,916

      Impairment loss on an equity-accounted investee(3)                                                                  15,697                              —


Adjusted net loss for the period                                                                                        (218,412)                   (471,647)

Notes:


(1)      Share-based payment expenses are regarded as non-cash items, arising from granting shares or share options to certain employees of the Group, the
         amount of which may not solely correlate with the underlying performance of our business operations, and is also affected by non-operating performance
         related factors that are not closely or directly related to our business activities.


(2)      The change in fair value of financial instruments represents the fair value changes of the equity investments of NDR and Biobot held by the Group.


(3)      The impairment loss on an equity-accounted investee was due to the decrease in the recoverable amount of the equity investment of Robocath held by the
         Group.




                                                                                    SHANGHAI MICROPORT MEDBOT (GROUP) CO., LTD. | INTERIM REPORT 2024             27
     Management Discussion and Analysis (Continued)




     Inventories
     Inventories of the Group consist of raw materials, work-in-process, finished goods and low value consumables. The
     inventories of the Group amounted to RMB243.4 million as at 30 June 2024. We are of the view that our inventories are
     mostly moving items that are suitable for sale. We also regularly monitor inventory level for slow-moving and obsolete items.


     Lease Liabilities
     As at 30 June 2024, the Group’s lease liabilities was RMB108.5 million, which were primarily related to the Group’s leasing of
     properties for office premises, manufacturing and R&D.


     Capital Expenditure
     Our capital expenditure amounted to RMB15.0 million during the Reporting Period, including the payments for property,
     plant and equipment.


     Contingent Liabilities
     As at 30 June 2024, the Group did not have any material contingent liabilities.


     Employees and Remuneration Policies
     As at 30 June 2024, the Group had approximately 560 employees. The remuneration package of our employees includes
     salaries, bonus and welfare and share-based payments which shall be determined based on their respective qualification,
     experience, position and performance. We make social insurance and housing provident fund contributions as required by the
     laws and regulations of the PRC.


     LIQUIDITY, FINANCIAL RESOURCES AND CAPITAL MANAGEMENT
     Cash Position
     The cash and cash equivalents of the Group decreased from RMB507.7 million as at 31 December 2023 to RMB221.1 million
     as at 30 June 2024, primarily due to the fact that commercialisation is still in its early stages, as a result of marketing activities,
     ongoing R&D activities and commencement of scale production and repayment of borrowings from financial institutions.


     Capital Management
     The Group’s objectives in the aspect of managing capital are to safeguard the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern
     in order to provide returns for shareholders and benefits for other stakeholders and to maintain an optimal capital structure to
     reduce the cost of capital. The Group actively and regularly reviews and manages its capital structure to maintain a balance
     between the higher shareholders returns that might be possible with higher levels of borrowings and the advantages and
     security afforded by a sound capital position, and makes adjustments to the capital structure in light of changes in economic
     conditions.




28
Management Discussion and Analysis (Continued)




Exposure to Foreign Exchange Fluctuation
The Group has transactional currency exposures arising from transactions by the group entities in currencies other than their
respective functional currencies. It is exposed to currency risk primarily from purchases which give rise to payables that are
denominated in a foreign currency. Currently, it does not have a foreign currency hedging policy. However, the management
would monitor the foreign exchange exposure and will consider hedging significant foreign currency exposure should the
need arise.


Borrowings and Gearing Ratio
As at 30 June 2024, the total interest-bearing borrowings of the Group amounted to RMB432.5 million, decreased by
RMB42.6 million as compared to RMB475.1 million as at 31 December 2023. As at 30 June 2024, the Group’s debt-to-asset
ratio of consolidated financial statements was 77.0%, as compared to 64.9% as at 31 December 2023.


Net Current Assets
The Group’s net current assets as at 30 June 2024 were RMB72.6 million, as compared to RMB108.8 million as at 31
December 2023. Such decrease was mainly attributable to a decline in the Group’s cash position resulting from its continued
expenditures on research and development, clinical registration, and commercialisation activities during the Reporting Period.


Charge on Assets
As at 30 June 2024, the Group had pledged certain patents for the purpose of securing bank loans with a carrying value of
RMB150.0 million. Details refer to note 10 to the unaudited interim financial report.


FUTURE PLANS FOR MATERIAL INVESTMENTS OR CAPITAL ASSETS
There is no plan authorised by the Board for any material investments or capital assets during the six months ended 30 June
2024.


USE OF NET PROCEEDS
Net proceeds from the Listing (including the full exercise of the over-allotment option), after deducting the underwriting
commission and other estimated expenses in connection with the Listing which the Company received amounted to
approximately HK$1,682.6 million (equivalent to approximately RMB1,375.4 million). All the net proceeds from the Listing
were remitted to the PRC and completed the foreign exchange settlement procedures in January 2022.

The original plan for utilisation of the net proceeds raised from the Listing and its changes has been disclosed in the section
headed “Future Plans and Use of Proceeds” in the Prospectus and the announcement dated 29 June 2023. The further
change would allow the Group to more effectively allocate its proceeds and utilise its capital resources, so as to enhance
product performance and market competitiveness and expand market coverage, which is in line with the current operation
demand of the Group and is beneficial to the long-term sustainable development of the Group, the Board has resolved to
change the use of part of the unutilised proceeds from the Listing (the “Change”), details of which have been disclosed in the
announcement of the Company dated 28 June 2024.




                                                             SHANGHAI MICROPORT MEDBOT (GROUP) CO., LTD. | INTERIM REPORT 2024    29
     Management Discussion and Analysis (Continued)



     The following table sets forth details of the net proceeds as at 30 June 2024:

                                                                                         Revised
                                                                                      allocation         Amount of          Actual use of
                                                                                      of the net      unutilised net        net proceeds           Amount of
                                                                      Original         proceeds         proceeds as            for the six      unutilised net       Expected timeline of
                                                                 allocation of    following the        at 1 January        months ended         proceeds as at       the intended use of the net
                                                                 net proceeds            Change           2024 (note 1)     30 June 2024         30 June 2024        proceeds following the Change
                                                                  (HK$ million)      (HK$ million)      (HK$ million)         (HK$ million)        (HK$ million)

      A. For Toumai                                                    588.91            793.13               114.41                79.51                34.90       By the end of 2024
         — ongoing R&D activities of Toumai                            336.52            511.74                85.41                74.50                10.91       By the end of 2024
              • for further refinement                                  33.65             —(note 2)           —(note 2)             —(note 2)            —(note 2)   —(note 2)
              • for application expansion to gynecologic,              100.96            —(note 2)            —(note 2)             —(note 2)            —(note 2)   —(note 2)
                   thoracic and general surgeries
              • for product refinement per clinical feedback           201.91             —(note 2)            —(note 2)            —(note 2)            —(note 2)   —(note 2)
                   and product upgrade toward the next
                   generation of Toumai
         — the commercialisation of Toumai                             252.39            281.39                 29.00                5.01                23.99       By the end of 2024
      B. For orthopedic surgical robots                                353.35            304.35                 46.50               34.57                11.93       By the end of 2024
         — ongoing R&D of SkyWalker                                    168.26            179.26                 32.79               24.21                 8.58       By the end of 2024
              • for application expansion to other joint                92.54            107.54                 17.10               14.56                 2.54       By the end of 2024
                   replacement procedures
              • for continuous refinements and upgrades                 75.72              71.72                15.69                9.65                  6.04      By the end of 2024
         — commercialisation of SkyWalker                              107.69              97.69                13.61               10.26                  3.35      By the end of 2024
         — research and development of other orthopedic                 77.40              27.40                 0.10                0.10                    —       —
              surgical robots
      C. For the Group’s other product candidates                      319.69             240.74                 4.90                 4.90                    —      —
         — (i) the development of our other pipeline products          235.56             235.56                   —                    —                     —      —
              in other surgical specialties, including our
              trans-bronchial surgical robot and TAVR surgical
              robot and (ii) the development of new robotic
              technologies and products to replenish our
              pipeline
         — the development and commercialisation of the                 84.13               5.18                 4.90                 4.90                    —      —
              surgical robots under our collaboration with
              international partners, including R-ONE with
              Robocath, ANT with NDR and Mona Lisa with
              Biobot
      D. Enhance our manufacturing capacities and supply                84.13              90.23                 6.10                 0.01                 6.09      By the end of 2024
         chain management capabilities
      E. Expand our product portfolio with innovative robotic          168.26              85.89                    —                    —                    —      —
         technologies and products
      F. Working capital and general corporate purposes                168.26             168.26                 8.46                 8.46                    —      —

      Total                                                          1,682.60          1,682.60               180.37               127.45                52.92

     Notes:

     1.       The amount of unutilized net proceeds as at 1 January 2024 was restated as if the Change had taken place at 1 January 2024.

     2.       These sub-categories are consolidated to their super-category of “ongoing R&D activities of Toumai” following the Change.


     Save for the above, the Directors were not aware of any material change to the planned use of proceeds as of 30 June 2024.


30
Corporate Governance and Other Information



INTERESTS AND SHORT POSITIONS OF THE DIRECTORS, SUPERVISORS AND
CHIEF EXECUTIVES IN SHARES, UNDERLYING SHARES AND DEBENTURES OF THE
COMPANY AND ITS ASSOCIATED CORPORATIONS
As at 30 June 2024, interests and short positions in the Shares, underlying Shares and debentures of the Company or any of its
associated corporations (within the meaning of Part XV of the SFO) held by the Directors, Supervisors and chief executives of
the Company which have been notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to Divisions 7 and 8 of Part XV of
the SFO (including interests and short positions which were taken or deemed to have under such provisions of the SFO) or have
been entered in the register maintained by the Company pursuant to section 352 of the SFO, or otherwise have been notified
to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to the Model Code as set out in Appendix C3 to the Listing Rules were as
follows:


Interests and Short Positions in Shares, Underlying Shares and Debentures of the
Company

                                                                                                                                         Approximate
                                                                                                                                        percentage of
                                                                                                                                        interest in the
                             Class of               No. of                                                      Nature of                relevant class
Name                         Shares                 Shares         Notes      Capacity                          interest                     of Shares


Dr. He Chao                  H Shares        617,023,912           1, 2, 3    Interest in a controlled Long position                             64.81%
                                                                                 corporation
Ms. Zhang Lihong             H Shares                 9,400              4    Beneficial owner         Long position                               0.00%

Notes:


(1)      Dr. He Chao was the general partner of Shanghai Qingmin. Shanghai Qingmin held 96,013,252 Shares as at 30 June 2024. By virtue of the SFO, Dr. He
         Chao was deemed to be interested in the Shares held by Shanghai Qingmin.


(2)      Dr. He Chao held approximately 43.12% interest in Shanghai Qinghe as its limited partner. Shanghai Qinghe held 20,279,653 Shares as at 30 June 2024.
         By virtue of the SFO, Dr. He Chao was deemed to be interested in the Shares held by Shanghai Qinghe.


(3)      Dr. He Chao held approximately 54.05% interest in Shanghai Qingzhen as its limited partner. Shanghai Latent and Shanghai Qingzhen are parties
         acting-in-concert pursuant to a concert party agreement. Shanghai Qingzhen held 16,963,831 Shares and Shanghai Latent held 483,767,176 Shares as at
         30 June 2024. By virtue of the SFO, Dr. He Chao was deemed to be interested in the Shares held by Shanghai Qingzhen.


(4)      Ms. Zhang Lihong was interested the underlying Shares of the Company by virtue of the options granted to her under a share scheme of MicroPort.




                                                                             SHANGHAI MICROPORT MEDBOT (GROUP) CO., LTD. | INTERIM REPORT 2024                  31
     Corporate Governance and Other Information (Continued)




     Interests and Short Positions in Shares, Underlying Shares and Debentures of the
     Associated Corporations

                                                                                                                                                  Approximate
                                                                                                                                                 percentage of
                                Name of                                                                                                          interest in the
                                associated                   No. of                                                     Nature of                    associated
     Name                       corporation                  shares        Notes        Capacity                        interest                    corporation


     Dr. He Chao      MicroPort           160,757                                 1     Beneficial owner                Long position                       0.01%
     Mr. Sun Hongbin  MicroPort         9,432,321                                 2     Beneficial owner                Long position                       0.51%
                      MicroPort         1,043,935                                 3     Beneficial owner                Long position                       0.04%
                        CardioFlow
     Mr. Zhang Jie    MicroPort           578,804                                 4     Beneficial owner                Long position                       0.03%
                      MicroPort           200,000                                 5     Beneficial owner                Long position                       0.01%
                        CardioFlow
                      MicroPort Vision 14,000,000                                 6     Interest in a controlled Long position                            13.08%
                        Power                                                              corporation
     Ms. Zhang Lihong MicroPort           713,367                                 7     Beneficial owner         Long position                              0.04%
                      MicroPort           262,262                                 8     Beneficial owner         Long position                              0.01%
                        CardioFlow

     Notes:


     (1)      Dr. He Chao was interested in 160,757 underlying shares of MicroPort by virtue of the options granted to him under a share option scheme of MicroPort.


     (2)      Mr. Sun Hongbin was interested in (i) 7,840,968 shares; and (ii) 1,591,353 underlying shares of MicroPort.


     (3)      Mr. Sun Hongbin was interested in (i) 593,935 shares; and (ii) 450,000 underlying shares of MicroPort CardioFlow.


     (4)      Mr. Zhang Jie was interested in (i) 200,147 shares; and (ii) 378,657 underlying shares of MicroPort.


     (5)      Mr. Zhang Jie was interested in 200,000 underlying shares of MicroPort CardioFlow.


     (6)      Mr. Zhang Jie was the general partner of Shanghai Maitian and Shanghai Lantian. Shanghai Maitian and Shanghai Lantian held in aggregate 13.08%
              interest in MicroPort Vision Power, an indirect non-wholly owned subsidiary of MicroPort. By virtue of the SFO, Mr. Zhang Jie was deemed to be interested
              in the interest which Shanghai Maitian and Shanghai Lantian held.


     (7)      Ms. Zhang Lihong was interested in (i) 150,159 shares; and (ii) 563,208 underlying shares of MicroPort.


     (8)      Ms. Zhang Lihong was interested in (i) 62,262 shares; and (ii) 200,000 underlying shares of MicroPort CardioFlow.


     Save as disclosed above, as at 30 June 2024, none of the Directors, Supervisors or chief executives of the Company had
     any interests or short positions in the Shares, underlying Shares and debentures of the Company or any of its associated
     corporations (within the meaning of Part XV of the SFO) which would be required to be notified to the Company and the Stock
     Exchange pursuant to Divisions 7 and 8 of Part XV of the SFO, or which would be required, pursuant to Section 352 of the SFO,
     to be entered in the register referred to therein, or otherwise notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to the
     Model Code.



32
Corporate Governance and Other Information (Continued)




Interests and Short Positions of Substantial Shareholders in Shares and Underlying
Shares of the Company
As at 30 June 2024, so far as is known to the Directors, the following persons (not being a Director, Supervisors or chief
executive of the Company) had interests or short positions in the Shares and underlying Shares which would need to be
disclosed to the Company under the provisions of Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of the SFO and recorded in the register required
to be kept by the Company pursuant to section 336 of the SFO:


Interests and Short Position in the Shares

                                                                                                                          Approximate       Approximate
                                                                                                                         percentage of     percentage of
                                                                                                                         interest in the   interest in the
                                         Class of                                                            Nature of relevant class of      total issued
Names of Shareholder                     Shares     No. of Shares   Note    Capacity                         interest            Shares            Shares


Shanghai Latent                          H Shares    500,731,007     1, 2   Beneficial owner interest        Long position      52.60%            52.24%
                                                                                 held jointly with another
                                                                                 person
MicroPort Sinica                         H Shares    500,731,007       1    Interest in a controlled         Long position      52.60%            52.24%
                                                                                 corporation
MicroPort                                H Shares    500,731,007       1    Interest in a controlled         Long position      52.60%            52.24%
                                                                                 corporation
Shanghai Qingzhen                        H Shares    500,731,007       2    Beneficial owner interest        Long position      52.60%            52.24%
                                                                                 held jointly with another
                                                                                 person
Shanghai Qingmin                         H Shares     96,013,252            Beneficial owner                 Long position      10.09%            10.02%
Ms. Ji Shufang                           H Shares    617,923,912       3    Interest of spouse               Long position      64.91%            64.46%
Zhuhai Gao Ling Chongheng Equity         H Shares     71,972,764       4    Beneficial owner                 Long position       7.56%             7.51%
  Investment LLP (珠海高瓴崇恒股權投
  資合夥企業(有限合夥)) (“Gao Ling
  Chongheng”)
Shenzhen Gao Ling Muqi Equity Investment H Shares     71,972,764       4    Interest in a controlled         Long position        7.56%            7.51%
  Fund LLP (深圳高瓴慕祺股權投資基金合                                                        corporation
  夥企業(有限合夥)) (“Gao Ling Muqi”)
Xiamen Gao Ling Ruiqi Equity Investment  H Shares     71,972,764       4    Interest in a controlled         Long position        7.56%            7.51%
  Fund LLP (廈門高瓴瑞祺股權投資基金合                                                        corporation
  夥企業(有限合夥)) (“Gao Ling Ruiqi”)
Shenzhen Gao Ling Tiancheng Phase III    H Shares     73,772,755     4, 5   Interest in a controlled         Long position        7.75%            7.70%
  Investment Co., Ltd. (深圳高瓴天成三期投                                                corporation
  資（有限公司）) (“Shenzhen Gao Ling”)




                                                                     SHANGHAI MICROPORT MEDBOT (GROUP) CO., LTD. | INTERIM REPORT 2024                       33
     Corporate Governance and Other Information (Continued)



     Notes:


     (1)      Shanghai Latent is wholly owned by MicroPort Sinica, which in turn is wholly owned by MicroPort. By virtue of the SFO, MicroPort and MicroPort Sinica are
              deemed to be interested in the Shares held by Shanghai Latent.


     (2)      Shanghai Latent and Shanghai Qingzhen are parties acting-in-concert pursuant to a concert party agreement. Shanghai Qingzhen holds 16,963,831 Shares
              and Shanghai Latent holds 483,767,176 Shares as at 30 June 2024.


     (3)      Ms. Ji Shufang is the spouse of Dr. He Chao. By virtue of the SFO, Ms. Ji Shufang is deemed to be interested in the Shares held by Dr. He Chao.


     (4)      By virtue of the SFO, Shenzhen Gao Ling (as general partner) and Gao Ling Muqi and Gao Ling Ruiqi (as relevant limited partners) are deemed to be
              interested in the Shares held by Gao Ling Chongheng. As such, by virtue of the SFO, each of Shenzhen Gao Ling, Gao Ling Muqi and Gao Ling Ruiqi is
              deemed to be interested in the Shares held by Gao Ling Chongheng.


     (5)      Shenzhen Gao Ling is also the general partner of Zhuhai Gao Ling Jiangheng Equity Investment LLP (珠海高瓴絳恒股權投資合夥企業(有限合夥)) (“Gao
              Ling Jiangheng”). Gao Ling Jiangheng held 1,799,991 Shares as at 30 June 2024. By virtue of the SFO, Shenzhen Gao Ling is deemed to be interested in
              the Shares held by Gao Ling Jiangheng.


     Save as disclosed above, as at 30 June 2024, the Directors of the Company were not aware of any persons (who were not
     Directors, Supervisors or chief executive of the Company) who had an interest or short position in the Shares or underlying
     Shares which would need to be disclosed under Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of the SFO, or which would be required, pursuant
     to Section 336 of the SFO, to be entered in the register referred to therein.


     ARRANGEMENTS TO ENABLE DIRECTORS OR SUPERVISORS TO ACQUIRE
     SHARES AND DEBENTURES
     Apart from the details as disclosed under the heading “Interests and short positions of the Directors, Supervisors and Chief
     Executive in Shares, underlying Shares and debentures of the Company and its associated corporations” above, at no time
     during the six months ended 30 June 2024 were rights to acquire benefits by means of the acquisition of Shares in or
     debentures of the Company granted to any Director, Supervisors or their respective spouse or children under 18 years of age,
     or were any such rights exercised by them during the Reporting Period; nor was the Company, its holding company, or any of
     its subsidiaries or fellow subsidiaries a party to any arrangement to enable the Directors, Supervisors, or their respective spouse
     or children under 18 years of age, to acquire such rights in any other body corporate.


     COMPETING BUSINESS INTERESTS OF DIRECTORS AND SUPERVISORS
     During the six months ended 30 June 2024, none of the Directors or Supervisors were interested in any business apart from
     the Company’s business, which competed or was likely to compete, either directly or indirectly, with the businesses of the
     Company and its subsidiaries pursuant to Rule 8.10 of the Listing Rules.


     SIGNIFICANT INVESTMENTS HELD, MATERIAL ACQUISITIONS AND DISPOSALS
     OF SUBSIDIARIES, ASSOCIATES AND JOINT VENTURES
     The Company has no significant investments or material acquisitions or disposals of subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures
     during the Reporting Period.




34
Corporate Governance and Other Information (Continued)




PURCHASE, SALE OR REDEMPTION OF THE COMPANY’S LISTED SECURITIES
During the six months ended 30 June 2024, neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries purchased, sold or redeemed any
of the Company’s listed securities.


MODEL CODE FOR SECURITIES TRANSACTIONS
The Company has adopted the Model Code as the guidelines for the Directors’ and Supervisors’ dealings in the securities
of the Company since the Listing. Following specific enquiries to each of the Directors and Supervisors, all the Directors and
Supervisors have confirmed their compliance with the required standards set out in the Model Code during the Reporting
Period.


SHARE AWARD SCHEME
The Company has adopted an H share award scheme on its extraordinary general meeting held on 10 February 2022 (the
“Share Award Scheme”) as a means of recognising the contributions of certain eligible participants. A summary of the Share
Award Scheme was set out in the circular of the Company dated 19 January 2022.


Purpose and Objectives of the Share Award Scheme
The Share Award Scheme is a share award and trust scheme established by the Company to award certain selected participants
and the objectives of the Share Award Scheme are: (i) to recognize the contributions by certain eligible participants and to
provide them with incentives in order to retain them for the continual operation and development of the Group; and (ii) to
attract suitable personnel for further development of the Group.


Participants of the Share Award Scheme
The Board may, from time to time, at its absolute discretion select any eligible participant for participation in the Share Award
Scheme as a selected participant and determine the H Shares to be awarded for them (the “Awarded Shares”). Participation
in the Share Award Scheme is limited to selected participants only. The Board is entitled to impose any conditions (including a
period of continued service within the Group), as it deems appropriate in its absolute discretion with respect to the entitlement
of the selected participant to the H Shares to be awarded.

An “eligible participant” means any individual, being an employee, a director, a consultant or an advisor of any member of the
Group who the Board considers, in its sole discretion, to have contributed to the Group.


Duration
Subject to any early termination or extension as may be determined by the Board according to the Share Award Scheme, the
Share Award Scheme shall be valid and effective for a term of 10 years commencing on its adoption date.




                                                              SHANGHAI MICROPORT MEDBOT (GROUP) CO., LTD. | INTERIM REPORT 2024     35
     Corporate Governance and Other Information (Continued)




     Scheme Limits
     The Board shall not make any further award of H Shares which will result in the number of H Shares awarded by the
     Board under the Share Award Scheme exceeding 10% of the issued H Shares from time to time (i.e. 95,199,428 H Shares,
     representing approximately 9.93% of share capital of the Company in issue as at the date of this report).

     The maximum number of H Shares which may be awarded to a selected participant under the Share Award Scheme shall not
     exceed 1% of the issued H Shares from time to time, save and except approved by the Shareholders in a general meeting.


     Operation
     The Board may, from time to time, at its absolute discretion select any eligible participant for participation in the Share Award
     Scheme as a selected participant and determine the H Shares to be awarded to them. The Board is entitled to impose any
     conditions (including a period of continued service within the Group), as it deems appropriate in its absolute discretion with
     respect to the entitlement of the selected participant(s) to the Awarded Shares. The Board shall determine the number of H
     Shares to be purchased or subscribed as Shares for the awards, and pay the relevant amount from the Company’s resources to
     the trustee to be held on trust for the purchase or subscription of the H Shares. When the selected participant(s) have satisfied
     all vesting conditions specified by the Board at the time of making the award and become entitled to the H Shares forming the
     subject of the award, the trustee shall transfer the relevant Awarded Shares to the selected participant(s) or his nominee(s) or
     as requested by the selected participant(s) or his nominee(s) to sell the relevant Awarded Shares on the market and transfer
     the proceeds to him in lieu of transfer of the Awarded Shares to, and registration of, the relevant selected participant(s) or his
     nominee as the holder thereof.

     During the period from the date of adoption of the Share Award Scheme to 30 June 2024, no Awarded Shares have been
     granted or agreed to be granted under the Share Award Scheme. As at 1 January 2024 and 30 June 2024, the number of
     awards available for grant under the Share Award Scheme is 95,199,428 H Shares. As at the date of this report, the remaining
     life of the Share Award Scheme is approximately seven years and 6 months.


     SHARE OPTION SCHEMES
     In order to provide incentives or reward to certain eligible persons for their contribution to, and continuing efforts to promote
     the interests of, the Group and for such other purposes as the Board may approve from time to time, the Company had
     adopted the Share Option Scheme (the “Share Option Schemes”) in accordance with Chapter 17 of the Listing Rules. For
     details, please refer to the announcement of the Company dated 10 February 2022 and circular of the Company dated 28
     February 2022.

     Eligible persons include (a) any employee (whether full-time or part-time) of the Group; (b) any director (including executive,
     non-executive and independent non-executive directors) of the Group; (c) any director (including executive, non-executive
     and independent non-executive directors) or employee (whether full-time or part-time) of the MicroPort Group and associated
     companies of the Company who, in the sole and absolute direction of the Board, has contributed or will contribute to the
     development of the Group; and (d) any advisors, consultants, distributors, contractors, contract manufacturers, agents,
     customers, business partners, joint venture business partners, service providers on a continuing and recurring basis in its
     ordinary and usual course of business of the Group who, in the sole and absolute direction of the Board, has contributed or will
     contribute to the development of the Group. The basis of eligibility of any of the above classes of eligible persons to the grant
     of any options shall be determined by the Board from time to time on the basis of their contribution to the development and
     growth of the Group.




36
Corporate Governance and Other Information (Continued)



Pursuant to the Share Option Scheme, the aggregate number of H Shares which may be issued upon exercise of all options to
be granted under the Share Option Scheme and any other share options schemes of the Company (the “Other Schemes”)
must not in aggregate exceed 10% of the total number of H Shares in issue as at the date of adoption of the Share Option
Scheme (being 95,199,428 H Shares, represents 10% of total number of H Shares and 9.93% of the issued share capital of
the Company as at the date of this report) or the Other Schemes (as the case may be). The maximum aggregate number of H
Shares which may be issued upon exercise of all outstanding options granted and yet to be exercised under the Share Option
Scheme and the Other Schemes, must not, in aggregate, exceed 30% of the total number of H Shares in issue from time to
time. No options may be granted under the Share Option Scheme and the Other Schemes if this will result in such limit being
exceeded.

No options shall be granted to any eligible person (the “Relevant Eligible Person”) if, at the relevant time of grant, the H
Shares subscribed and to be subscribed upon exercise of all options (granted and proposed to be granted, whether exercised,
cancelled or outstanding) to the Relevant Eligible Person in the 12-month period up to and including the date of such grant
would exceed 1% of the total number of H Shares in issue at such time unless: (a) such grant has been duly approved, in
the manner prescribed by the relevant provisions of Chapter 17 of the Listing Rules in force from time to time, by ordinary
resolutions of the shareholders of the MicroPort and by special resolutions of the Shareholders (if applicable) in their respective
general meeting, at which the Relevant Eligible Person and his close associates (or his associates if the Relevant Eligible Person is
a connected person (as defined under the Listing Rules) of MicroPort) abstained from voting; (b) a circular regarding the grant
has been dispatched to the shareholders of the MicroPort and the Shareholders (if applicable) in a manner complying with, and
containing the information specified in, the relevant provisions of Chapter 17 of the Listing Rules in force from time to time.
In accordance with the current Listing Rules, the circular must disclose the identity of the participant, the number and terms of
the options to be granted (and options previously granted to such participant) and other information required to comply with
the relevant provisions of Chapter 17 of the Listing Rules in force from time to time; and (c) the number and terms (including
the exercise price) of such options are fixed before the general meeting of MicroPort and the Company (if applicable) at which
the same are approved.

The exercise period of the options granted under the Share Option Scheme will be determined and notified by the Board, but
shall expire in any event not later than the last day of the 10-year period after the date of grant of the Option. The Share Option
Scheme does not specify any minimum holding period but the Board has the authority to determine for which a share option
must be held before it can be exercised. The Board shall specify in an offer letter a date by which the grantee must accept such
offer, being a date no later than 28 days after the date on which the option is offered or the date on which the conditions for
the offer are satisfied, whichever is earlier.

Subject to any adjustments made pursuant to the terms of the Share Option Scheme, the exercise price shall be a price
determined by the Board in its sole and absolute discretion and notified to an eligible person, but in any event must be at least
the highest of: (a) the official closing price of the H Shares as stated in the daily quotations sheet of the Stock Exchange on the
relevant offer date; (b) the average of the official closing price of the H Shares as stated in the daily quotations sheet of the
Stock Exchange for the 5 business days immediately preceding the relevant offer date; and (c) the nominal value of an H Share.

The Share Option Scheme shall be valid and effective for a period of 10 years commencing on the date of its adoption, being
18 March 2022. The Share Option Scheme may be terminated at any time by way of an ordinary resolution of the Shareholders
pursuant to the Articles of Association or a resolution by the Board. After expiry or termination of the Share Option Scheme, no
further options will be offered, but the provisions of the Share Option Scheme shall remain in full force and effect in all other
respects and options granted prior to such expiry or termination shall continue to be valid and exercisable in accordance with
the Share Option Scheme. As at the date of this report, the remaining life of the Share Option Scheme is approximately 8 years
and 7 months.




                                                               SHANGHAI MICROPORT MEDBOT (GROUP) CO., LTD. | INTERIM REPORT 2024        37
     Corporate Governance and Other Information (Continued)



     During the period from the date of adoption of the Share Option Scheme to 30 June 2024, no option had been granted
     or agreed to be granted under the Share Option Scheme. As at 1 January 2024 and 30 June 2024, the number of options
     available for grant under the Share Option Scheme is 95,199,428 H Shares.


     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE PRACTICES
     The Company aims to achieve high standards of corporate governance which are crucial to the development and safeguard
     the interests of the Shareholders. The Board reviewed the Company’s corporate governance practices and is satisfied that the
     Company has complied with all applicable code provisions as set out in Part 2 of the CG Code during the Reporting Period.

     The Company will continue to review and enhance its corporate governance practices to ensure compliance with the CG Code.


     INDEPENDENT REVIEW OF AUDITOR
     The interim financial report for the six months ended 30 June 2024 is unaudited, but has been reviewed by KPMG, in
     accordance with Hong Kong Standard on Review Engagements No. 2410 “Review of interim financial information performed
     by the independent auditor of the entity” issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants.


     AUDIT COMMITTEE AND REVIEW OF FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     The Company has established the Audit Committee with written terms of reference in compliance with the CG Code, with the
     primary duties of the Audit Committee are to assist the Board by providing an independent view of the effectiveness of the
     financial reporting process, internal control and risk management systems of the Company and overseeing the audit process. As
     at the date of this report, the Audit Committee comprises three members: namely Mr. Chung Wai Man (chairman), Mr. Chen
     Xinxing and Dr. Li Minghua.

     The Audit Committee has reviewed and discussed the interim results for the six months ended 30 June 2024.


     SUBSEQUENT EVENT
     Placing of New H Shares under General Mandate
     On 26 June 2024, the Company and a placing agent entered into the placing agreement, in relation to the placing of
     12,900,000 new H Shares at the placing price of HK$9.10 per H Share to no less than six placees, who, together with their
     respective ultimate beneficial owners, are independent third parties, under general mandate of the Company (the “Placing”).
     The closing price per H Share as quoted on the Stock Exchange on the date of the placing agreement was HK$11.30. The
     completion of the Placing took place on 5 July 2024. A total of 12,900,000 H Shares have been successfully placed at the
     Placing Price of HK$9.10 per H Share to no less than six placees. The net placing price, after deducting such fees, costs and
     expenses, is therefore approximately HK$8.84 per placing share. The net proceeds of the Placing were fully remitted to the
     PRC and settled in foreign exchange in August 2024. Up to the date of this Report, the net proceeds from the Placing have
     not been utilised. The Company intends to use the net proceeds from the Placing for the following aspects: (i) 40% for the
     development of core business and ecosystem layout, including but not limited to overseas registration approval of its products
     and the research and development of improvements that may be required, domestic and overseas commercialisation such as
     academic promotion, medical training, after-sales service, etc.; (ii) 30% for the continuous improvement, optimisation,
     improvement and upgrading of products; and (iii) 30% for supplement working capital and general corporate purposes. For
     details, please see the announcements of the Company dated 27 June 2024 and 5 July 2024.




38
Corporate Governance and Other Information (Continued)




Change of Directors
On 28 June 2024, Mr. Mui Wing Hong resigned as an independent non-executive Director of the Company, the chairperson
of the audit committee and a member of the nomination committee of the Company, with the effective date of 18 July
2024.

On 28 June 2024, Ms. Fang Cong was proposed to be appointed as an executive Director of the Company, Mr. Chung Wai
Man was proposed to be appointed as an independent non-executive Director, the chairperson of the audit committee and a
member of the nomination committee of the Company and were elected at the Company’s 2024 first Extraordinary General
Meeting on 18 July 2024.


Change of Company Secretary and Authorised Representative
On 14 August 2024, Ms. Hui Yin Shan resigned as the company secretary of the Company, and Ms. Yeung Siu Lam has been
appointed as the company secretary of the Company and the authorised representative of the Company under Part 16 of the
Companies Ordinance (Chapter 622 of the Laws of Hong Kong) and Rule 3.05 of the Listing Rules in replacement of Ms. Hui
Yin Shan on the same day. Details of the changes have been set out in the announcement of the Company dated 14 August
2024.


Amendments to Articles of Association
Since the State Council of the PRC (the “State Council”) published the Decision of the State Council to Repeal Certain
Administrative Regulations and Documents (Order No. 758 of the State Council of the People’s Republic of China) (《國務院關
於廢止部分行政法規和文件的決定》), which includes the repeal of Special Regulations on the Overseas Offering and Listing
of Shares by Joint Stock Limited Companies (《國務院關於股份有限公司境外募集股份及上市的特別規定》) issued by the
State Council on 4 August 1994; and the China Securities Regulatory Commission issued the Trial Administrative Measures of
Overseas Securities Offering and Listing by Domestic Companies (《境 內 企 業 境 外 發 行 證 券 和 上 市 管 理 試 行 辦 法》) and
relevant guidelines, which includes the repeal of the Notice on the Implementation of the Mandatory Provisions for
Companies Listing Overseas (《關於執行<到境外上市公司章程必備條款>的通知》), effective since 31 March 2023, the Stock
Exchange has made consequential amendments to the Listing Rules which have come into effect since 1 August 2023.
Furthermore, the Stock Exchange made amendments to the Listing Rules regarding the expansion of the paperless listing
regime to streamline listed issuers’ communications with the Stock Exchange and their shareholders, which have come into
effect since 31 December 2023. Meanwhile, the Company Law of the People’s Republic of China (as amended in 2023) (《中
         （二零二三年修訂）) took effect on 1 July 2024 (the “New Company Law”).
華人民共和國公司法》


Therefore, the Company amended the Articles of Association. The amendments mainly include (a) deletion or addition of
wordings to reflect the PRC regulation changes and corresponding updates of the Listing Rules; (b) amendments to certain
provisions relating to the Company’s dissemination of corporate communications for the purposes of clarifying existing
practice to provide more detailed guidance in relation thereto and align with the paperless listing regime of the Stock
Exchange; (c) deletion or addition of wordings to reflect the New Company Law; and (d) certain housekeeping amendments
to update outdated references and correct clerical inconsistencies with certain laws and regulations of the PRC, etc.




                                                             SHANGHAI MICROPORT MEDBOT (GROUP) CO., LTD. | INTERIM REPORT 2024   39
     Corporate Governance and Other Information (Continued)



     In view of the above amendments, the Company also amended the Rules of Procedure for the General Meetings, the Rules of
     Procedure for the Board of Directors and the Rules of Procedure for the Supervisory Committee (the “Procedures
     Amendments”) accordingly. The resolutions on amendments to the Articles of Association and Procedures Amendments
     have been approved by the Shareholders at the 2023 Annual General Meeting, 2024 First Domestic Shareholders’ Class
     Meeting and 2024 First H Shareholders’ Class Meeting of the Company on 25 June 2024 and have become effective on 1 July
     2024.


     In addition, in accordance with the general requirements of the New Company Law and taking into account the actual
     operation of the Company’s corporate governance, the Company further amended the Articles of Association. The
     amendments mainly include: (a) reflecting the further amendments to the New Company Law in the Articles of Association;
     and (b) making other consequential, tidy-up and housekeeping amendments.

     In view of the above amendments, the Company also amended the Rules of Procedure for the Board of Directors accordingly.
     The resolution on amendments to the Articles of Association and the Rules of Procedure for the Board of Directors has been
     approved by the Shareholders at the 2024 first Extraordinary General Meeting of the Company on 18 July 2024 and has
     become effective on 18 July 2024.

     Save as disclosed above, during the Reporting Period and up to the date of this report, there had been no material change to
     the Articles of Association. The Articles of Association is available on the websites of the Company and the Stock Exchange.

     Save as disclosed and as at the date of this report, the Group did not have any other significant event subsequent to the
     Reporting Period.


     INTERIM DIVIDEND
     The Directors do not recommend the payment of an interim dividend for the six months ended 30 June 2024 to the
     Shareholders.


     CHANGES IN INFORMATION OF DIRECTORS AND SUPERVISORS
     After having made specific enquiry by the Company and as confirmed by the Directors and Supervisors, during the Reporting
     Period, there were no changes in the information of the Directors and Supervisors that would be required to be disclosed
     pursuant to Rule 13.51(B)(1) of the Listing Rules.




40
Corporate Governance and Other Information (Continued)




FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS
This report includes certain forward-looking statements which involve the financial conditions, results and businesses of the
Group. These forward-looking statements are the Group’s expectation or beliefs on future events and they involve known
and unknown risks and uncertainties, which may cause actual results, performance or development of the situation to differ
materially from the situation expressed or implied by these statements.


APPRECIATION
The Board would like to express its sincere gratitude to our Shareholders, management team, employees, business partners and
customers for their support and contribution to the Group.

By Order of the Board
Shanghai MicroPort MedBot (Group) Co., Ltd.
Mr. Sun Hongbin
Chairman

Shanghai, the PRC
28 August 2024




                                                            SHANGHAI MICROPORT MEDBOT (GROUP) CO., LTD. | INTERIM REPORT 2024   41
     Independent Auditor’
                        s Report




     Review report to the board of directors of Shanghai MicroPort MedBot (Group) Co., Ltd.
     (Incorporated in the People’s Republic of China with limited liability)


     INTRODUCTION
     We have reviewed the interim financial report set out on pages 43 to 61 which comprises the consolidated statement
     of financial position of 上 海 微 創 醫 療 機 器 人(集 團)股 份 有 限 公 司 (Shanghai MicroPort MedBot (Group) Co., Ltd.) (the
     “Company”) as of 30 June 2024 and the related consolidated statement of profit or loss, the consolidated statement of profit
     or loss and other comprehensive income and the consolidated statement of changes in equity and the condensed consolidated
     cash flow statement for the six-month period then ended and explanatory notes. The Rules Governing the Listing of Securities
     on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited require the preparation of an interim financial report to be in compliance with
     the relevant provisions thereof and Hong Kong Accounting Standard 34, Interim financial reporting, issued by the Hong Kong
     Institute of Certified Public Accountants. The directors are responsible for the preparation and presentation of the interim
     financial report in accordance with Hong Kong Accounting Standard 34.

     Our responsibility is to form a conclusion, based on our review, on the interim financial report and to report our conclusion
     solely to you, as a body, in accordance with our agreed terms of engagement, and for no other purpose. We do not assume
     responsibility towards or accept liability to any other person for the contents of this report.


     SCOPE OF REVIEW
     We conducted our review in accordance with Hong Kong Standard on Review Engagements 2410, Review of interim financial
     information performed by the independent auditor of the entity, issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public
     Accountants. A review of the interim financial report consists of making enquiries, primarily of persons responsible for financial
     and accounting matters, and applying analytical and other review procedures. A review is substantially less in scope than
     an audit conducted in accordance with Hong Kong Standards on Auditing and consequently does not enable us to obtain
     assurance that we would become aware of all significant matters that might be identified in an audit. Accordingly, we do not
     express an audit opinion.


     CONCLUSION
     Based on our review, nothing has come to our attention that causes us to believe that the interim financial report as at 30
     June 2024 is not prepared, in all material respects, in accordance with Hong Kong Accounting Standard 34, Interim financial
     reporting.




     KPMG
     Certified Public Accountants
     8th Floor, Prince’s Building
     10 Chater Road
     Central, Hong Kong

     28 August 2024
42
Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss
for the six months ended 30 June 2024 (unaudited)
(Expressed in Renminbi)




                                                                                               Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                                     2024            2023
                                                                                   Note           RMB’000        RMB’000


Revenue                                                                             3                99,237            47,603
Cost of sales                                                                                       (52,224)          (25,535)


Gross profit                                                                                        47,013              22,068
Other net income/(loss)                                                             4                5,298            (23,214)
Selling and marketing expenses                                                                     (92,223)          (126,907)
Administrative expenses                                                                            (30,072)            (77,597)
Research and development costs                                                                    (164,149)          (311,696)
Net loss on financial instruments carried at fair value through profit or loss
  (“FVPL”)                                                                                          (10,443)            (1,916)


Loss from operations                                                                              (244,576)          (519,262)
Finance costs                                                                      5(a)             (9,834)             (8,623)
Share of losses of equity-accounted investees                                                       (9,843)           (16,848)
Impairment loss on an equity-accounted investee                                    5(b)            (15,697)                 —


Loss before taxation                                                                5             (279,950)          (544,733)
Income tax                                                                          6                   —                  —


Loss for the period                                                                               (279,950)          (544,733)


Attributable to:
  Equity shareholders of the Company                                                              (277,161)          (539,012)
  Non-controlling interests                                                                         (2,789)             (5,721)


Loss for the period                                                                               (279,950)          (544,733)


Loss per share                                                                      7
  Basic and diluted (RMB)                                                                             (0.29)             (0.56)




The notes on pages 50 to 61 form part of this interim financial report. Details of dividends payable to equity shareholders of
the Company are set out in note 12(a).


                                                               SHANGHAI MICROPORT MEDBOT (GROUP) CO., LTD. | INTERIM REPORT 2024   43
     Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss and
     Other Comprehensive Income
     for the six months ended 30 June 2024 (unaudited)
     (Expressed in Renminbi)




                                                                               Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                     2024            2023
                                                                                  RMB’000        RMB’000


     Loss for the period                                                          (279,950)      (544,733)


     Other comprehensive income for the period, net of nil tax
     Item that may be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss:
        Exchange differences on translation of financial statements
          of foreign operations, net of nil tax                                        (70)         3,203


     Other comprehensive income for the period                                         (70)         3,203


     Total comprehensive income for the period                                    (280,020)      (541,530)


     Attributable to:
       Equity shareholders of the Company                                         (277,222)      (535,809)
       Non-controlling interests                                                    (2,798)         (5,721)


     Total comprehensive income for the period                                    (280,020)      (541,530)




     The notes on pages 50 to 61 form part of this interim financial report.


44
Consolidated Statement of Financial Position
at 30 June 2024 (unaudited)
(Expressed in Renminbi)




                                                                                                      At                At
                                                                                                 30 June       31 December
                                                                                                    2024              2023
                                                                                 Note           RMB’000            RMB’000


Non-current assets
Property, plant and equipment                                                     8              351,103            367,017
Intangible assets                                                                                  7,390              9,537
Goodwill                                                                                           1,482              1,482
Equity-accounted investees                                                                       123,797            148,282
Financial assets measured at FVPL                                                                 56,473             66,916
Other non-current assets                                                                          39,421             40,625


                                                                                                 579,666            633,859


Current assets
Inventories                                                                                      243,426            229,505
Trade and other receivables                                                       9               77,650             55,749
Pledged deposits                                                                                   1,090              1,083
Cash and cash equivalents                                                                        221,054            507,711


                                                                                                 543,220            794,048


Current liabilities
Interest-bearing borrowings                                                       10             194,764            375,357
Trade and other payables                                                          11             202,881            244,943
Contract liabilities                                                                              16,813             11,118
Lease liabilities                                                                                 47,959             47,879
Provisions                                                                                         8,225              5,979


                                                                                                 470,642            685,276


Net current assets                                                                                72,578            108,772


Total assets less current liabilities                                                            652,244            742,631




The notes on pages 50 to 61 form part of this interim financial report.


                                                             SHANGHAI MICROPORT MEDBOT (GROUP) CO., LTD. | INTERIM REPORT 2024   45
     Consolidated Statement of Financial Position (Continued)
     at 30 June 2024 (unaudited)
     (Expressed in Renminbi)




                                                                                                   At             At
                                                                                              30 June    31 December
                                                                                                 2024           2023
                                                                                      Note   RMB’000         RMB’000


     Non-current liabilities
     Interest-bearing borrowings                                                      10     237,734          99,700
     Lease liabilities                                                                        60,520          72,507
     Deferred income                                                                          88,781          64,682
     Contract liabilities                                                                      7,475           3,905
     Provisions                                                                                   —               82


                                                                                             394,510         240,876


     NET ASSETS                                                                              257,734         501,755


     CAPITAL AND RESERVES
     Share capital                                                                    12      958,594        958,594
     Reserves                                                                                (683,690)      (439,114)


     Total equity attributable to equity shareholders of the Company                         274,904         519,480

     Non-controlling interests                                                                (17,170)       (17,725)


     TOTAL EQUITY                                                                            257,734         501,755


     Approved and authorised for issue by the board of directors on 28 August 2024.




     Sun Hongbin                                                    He Chao
     Chairman                                                       Director




     The notes on pages 50 to 61 form part of this interim financial report.


46
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity
for the six months ended 30 June 2024 (unaudited)
(Expressed in Renminbi)




                                                                                      Attributable to equity shareholders of the Company
                                                                                                                                                                             Non-
                                                                 Share        Share        Capital         Exchange            Other       Accumulated                 controlling       Total
                                                                capital    premium         reserve           reserve          reserve           losses        Total      interests      equity
                                                      Note    RMB’000      RMB’000        RMB’000          RMB’000           RMB’000          RMB’000      RMB’000      RMB’000       RMB’000


Balance at 1 January 2023                                     958,594     2,006,119        261,741               371           48,628       (1,857,795)   1,417,658        (9,780)   1,407,878
Changes in equity for the six months ended
    30 June 2023:
Loss for the period                                                 —           —                —                —                 —         (539,012)    (539,012)       (5,721)    (544,733)
Other comprehensive income                                          —           —                —             3,203                —               —         3,203            —         3,203


Total comprehensive income                                          —           —                —             3,203                —         (539,012)    (535,809)       (5,721)    (541,530)


Net contributions from non-controlling shareholders
    of subsidiaries and acquisition of a subsidiary                 —           —              253                —                 —               —          253           402          655
Equity-settled share-based transactions               12(c)         —           —           70,990                —                 —               —       70,990           270       71,260


Balance at 30 June 2023 and 1 July 2023                       958,594     2,006,119        332,984             3,574           48,628       (2,396,807)    953,092       (14,829)     938,263
Changes in equity for the six months ended
    31 December 2023:
Loss for the period                                                 —           —                —                —                 —         (473,162)    (473,162)       (5,635)    (478,797)
Other comprehensive income                                          —           —                —            (1,015)               —               —        (1,015)          (17)      (1,032)


Total comprehensive income                                          —           —                —            (1,015)               —         (473,162)    (474,177)       (5,652)    (479,829)


Net contributions from non-controlling shareholders
    of subsidiaries                                                 —           —              202                —                 —               —          202         2,662        2,864
Equity-settled share-based transactions                             —           —           40,363                —                 —               —       40,363            94       40,457


Balance at 31 December 2023                                   958,594     2,006,119        373,549             2,559           48,628       (2,869,969)    519,480       (17,725)     501,755




The notes on pages 50 to 61 form part of this interim financial report.


                                                                                        SHANGHAI MICROPORT MEDBOT (GROUP) CO., LTD. | INTERIM REPORT 2024                                         47
     Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity (Continued)
     for the six months ended 30 June 2024 (unaudited)
     (Expressed in Renminbi)




                                                                                           Attributable to equity shareholders of the Company
                                                                                                                                                                                Non-
                                                                      Share       Share           Capital       Exchange           Other Accumulated                      controlling      Total
                                                                     capital   premium            reserve         reserve        reserve       losses           Total       interests     equity
                                                            Note    RMB’000    RMB’000           RMB’000         RMB’000        RMB’000      RMB’000          RMB’000       RMB’000     RMB’000


     Balance at 1 January 2024                                      958,594    2,006,119          373,549           2,559         48,628        (2,869,969)   519,480        (17,725)   501,755
     Changes in equity for the six months ended
         30 June 2024:
     Loss for the period                                                  —          —                 —               —               —         (277,161)    (277,161)       (2,789)   (279,950)
     Other comprehensive income                                           —          —                 —              (61)             —               —           (61)           (9)        (70)


     Total comprehensive income                                           —          —                 —              (61)             —         (277,161)    (277,222)       (2,798)   (280,020)


     Additional investment in a subsidiary by the Company                 —          —             (3,238)             —               —                —      (3,238)         3,238          —
     Equity-settled share-based transactions                12(c)         —          —             35,884              —               —                —      35,884            115      35,999


     Balance at 30 June 2024                                        958,594    2,006,119          406,195           2,498         48,628        (3,147,130)   274,904        (17,170)   257,734




     The notes on pages 50 to 61 form part of this interim financial report.


48
Condensed Consolidated Cash Flow Statement
for the six months ended 30 June 2024 (unaudited)
(Expressed in Renminbi)




                                                                                             Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                                   2024            2023
                                                                                                RMB’000        RMB’000


Operating activities
Net cash used in operating activities                                                           (206,309)          (397,554)


Investing activities
Payments for the purchase of property, plant and equipment                                        (15,033)          (41,389)
Other cash flows used in investing activities                                                        (878)             (877)


Net cash used in investing activities                                                             (15,911)          (42,266)


Financing activities
Capital element of lease rentals paid                                                            (11,772)           (23,196)
Interest element of lease rentals paid                                                            (2,589)             (4,025)
Proceeds from interest-bearing borrowings                                                        370,761            426,057
Repayment of interest-bearing borrowings                                                        (413,797)                 —
Interest paid for interest-bearing borrowings                                                     (7,502)             (3,708)
Other cash flows arising from financing activities                                                   320                 192


Net cash (used in)/generated from financing activities                                            (64,579)          395,320


Net decrease in cash and cash equivalents                                                       (286,799)           (44,500)

Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the period                                         507,711            747,962

Effect of foreign exchange rate changes                                                               142             1,137


Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the period                                               221,054            704,599




The notes on pages 50 to 61 form part of this interim financial report.


                                                             SHANGHAI MICROPORT MEDBOT (GROUP) CO., LTD. | INTERIM REPORT 2024   49
     Notes to the Unaudited Interim Financial Report
     (Expressed in Renminbi unless otherwise indicated)




     1     BASIS OF PREPARATION
           Shanghai MicroPort MedBot (Group) Co., Ltd. (上海微創醫療機器人(集團)股份有限公司) (the “Company”) and its
           subsidiaries (together, the “Group”) are principally engaged in the research and development, manufacturing and sale
           of surgical robots.

           The interim financial report has been prepared in accordance with the applicable disclosure provisions of the Rules
           Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited, including compliance with Hong Kong
           Accounting Standard (“HKAS”) 34, Interim financial reporting, issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public
           Accountants (“HKICPA”). It has been reviewed by the Audit Committee of the Company and was authorised for issue
           on 28 August 2024.

           The interim financial report has been prepared in accordance with the same accounting policies adopted in the 2023
           annual financial statements, except for the accounting policy changes that are expected to be reflected in the 2024
           annual financial statements. Details of any changes in accounting policies are set out in note 2.

           The preparation of an interim financial report in conformity with HKAS 34 requires management to make judgements,
           estimates and assumptions that affect the application of policies and reported amounts of assets and liabilities, income
           and expenses on a year to date basis. Actual results may differ from these estimates.

           The interim financial report contains condensed consolidated financial statements and selected explanatory notes. The
           notes include an explanation of events and transactions that are significant to an understanding of the changes in
           financial position and performance of the Group since the 2023 annual financial statements. The condensed consolidated
           interim financial statements and notes thereon do not include all of the information required for a full set of financial
           statements prepared in accordance with Hong Kong Financial Reporting Standards (“HKFRSs”).

           This interim financial report is unaudited, but has been reviewed by KPMG in accordance with Hong Kong Standard on
           Review Engagements 2410, Review of interim financial information performed by the independent auditor of the entity,
           issued by the HKICPA. KPMG’s independent review report to the Board of Directors of the Company is included on page
           42.

           The financial information relating to the financial year ended 31 December 2023 that is included in the interim financial
           report as comparative information does not constitute the Company’s annual consolidated financial statements for that
           financial year but is derived from those financial statements. The Company’s annual consolidated financial statements for
           the year ended 31 December 2023 are available from the Company’s registered office. The auditors have expressed an
           unqualified opinion on those financial statements in their report dated 27 March 2024.

           As at 30 June 2024, the Group had short-term interest-bearing borrowings of RMB194,764,000. In addition, the Group
           incurred a net loss of RMB279,950,000 and had net operating cash outflow of RMB206,309,000 for the six-month
           period ended 30 June 2024. The directors of the Company (the “Directors”) have reviewed the current performance and
           cash flow projection as part of their assessment of the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern. The Directors have
           a reasonable expectation that the Group is able to continue as a going concern for at least the next twelve months from
           the end of the reporting period and to meet its obligations, as and when they fall due, having regard to (1) the Group’s
           plan on market expansion and strict control on operating costs; (2) the proceeds from placing completed in July 2024 (see
           note 16); and (3) the unused banking facilities.




50
Notes to the Unaudited Interim Financial Report (Continued)
(Expressed in Renminbi unless otherwise indicated)




1	BASIS OF PREPARATION (Continued)
      The Directors have concluded that the Group has adequate resources to continue in operational existence for the
      foreseeable future and that there are no material uncertainties related to events or conditions which, individually or
      collectively, may cast significant doubt on the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern.


2     CHANGES IN ACCOUNTING POLICIES
      The Group has applied the following amendments to HKFRSs issued by the HKICPA to this interim financial report for the
      current accounting period.

      •      Amendments to HKAS 1, Presentation of financial statements: Classification of liabilities as current or non-current
             (“2020 amendments”)

      •      Amendments to HKAS 1, Presentation of financial statements: Non-current liabilities with covenants (“2022
             amendments”)

      •      Amendments to HKFRS 16, Leases: Lease liability in a sale and leaseback

      •      Amendments to HKAS 7, Statement of cash flows and HKFRS 7, Financial instruments: Disclosures — Supplier
             finance arrangements

      None of these developments have had a material effect on how the Group’s results and financial position for the current
      or prior periods have been or presented in this interim financial report. The Group has not applied any new standard or
      interpretation that is not yet effective for the current accounting period.


3     REVENUE AND SEGMENT REPORTING
      The Group derives revenue principally from the sale of medical devices through appointed distributors.

      For the purpose of resources allocation and performance assessment, the Group’s management focuses on the operating
      results of the Group as a whole. As such, the Group’s resources are integrated and no discrete operating segment
      information is available. Accordingly, no operating segment information is presented.




                                                              SHANGHAI MICROPORT MEDBOT (GROUP) CO., LTD. | INTERIM REPORT 2024    51
     Notes to the Unaudited Interim Financial Report (Continued)
     (Expressed in Renminbi unless otherwise indicated)




     3	REVENUE AND SEGMENT REPORTING (Continued)
           (a) Disaggregation of revenue
                  Disaggregation of revenue from contracts with customers by major products or service lines and geographical
                  location of customers and by the timing of revenue recognition is as follows:

                                                                                              Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                                    2024            2023
                                                                                                 RMB’000        RMB’000


                  Revenue from contracts with customers within the scope
                    of HKFRS 15
                  Sales of medical devices — point in time                                         96,775           47,603
                  Service income — over time                                                          945               —
                  Others — point in time                                                            1,517               —


                                                                                                   99,237           47,603


                  Disaggregated by geographical location of customers
                    — the People’s Republic of China (the “PRC”) (country of domicile)             63,763           38,580
                    — the United States of America                                                  1,467            9,023
                    — Europe                                                                       15,996               —
                    — Asia (other than the PRC)                                                     9,236               —
                    — Africa                                                                        6,763               —
                    — Australia                                                                     2,012               —


                                                                                                   99,237           47,603


     4     OTHER NET INCOME/(LOSS)
                                                                                              Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                                    2024            2023
                                                                                                 RMB’000        RMB’000


           Interest income on financial assets measured at amortised cost                              651            4,207
           Government grants                                                                         7,199            8,954
           Net foreign exchange (loss)/gain                                                         (1,504)           3,517
           Net loss in relation to the termination of leases                                          (143)         (40,454)
           Others                                                                                     (905)             562


                                                                                                    5,298           (23,214)




52
Notes to the Unaudited Interim Financial Report (Continued)
(Expressed in Renminbi unless otherwise indicated)




5     LOSS BEFORE TAXATION
      Loss before taxation is arrived at after charging:


      (a) Finance costs
                                                                                                                 Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                                                       2024            2023
                                                                                                                    RMB’000        RMB’000


             Interest on interest-bearing borrowings                                                                      7,293              3,708
             Interest on lease liabilities                                                                                2,456              4,788


             Total interest expense on financial liabilities not at FVPL                                                  9,749              8,496
             Others                                                                                                          85                127


                                                                                                                          9,834              8,623


      (b) Other items
                                                                                                                 Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                                                       2024            2023
                                                                                                                    RMB’000        RMB’000


             Amortisation of intangible assets                                                                           2,758               1,997
             Depreciation of owned property, plant and equipment                                                        38,599              33,050
             Depreciation of right-of-use assets                                                                        20,082              26,334
             Impairment loss on an equity-accounted investee (Note)                                                     15,697                  —

             Note:


             During the six months ended 30 June 2024, an impairment loss of RMB15,697,000 was recognised for an equity-accounted investee with
             impairment indicators, and the recoverable amount was determined based on a cash flow projection covering a ten-year period.



6     INCOME TAX
      Pursuant to the Corporate Income Tax (“CIT”) Law of the PRC, the Company and its PRC subsidiaries are liable to PRC
      CIT at a rate of 25%.

      Taxation for overseas subsidiaries is similarly calculated using the estimated annual effective rates of taxation that are
      expected to be applicable in the relevant countries.

      The Group has not recognised deferred tax assets in respect of cumulative unused tax losses as it is not probable that
      future taxable profits against which the losses can be utilised will be available in the relevant tax jurisdiction and entity.




                                                                         SHANGHAI MICROPORT MEDBOT (GROUP) CO., LTD. | INTERIM REPORT 2024           53
     Notes to the Unaudited Interim Financial Report (Continued)
     (Expressed in Renminbi unless otherwise indicated)




     7     LOSS PER SHARE
           (a) Basic loss per share
                  The calculation of basic loss per share is based on the loss attributable to ordinary equity shareholders of the
                  Company of RMB277,161,000 for the six months ended 30 June 2024 (six months ended 30 June 2023:
                  RMB539,012,000) and the weighted average of 958,594,000 ordinary shares in issue during the six months ended
                  30 June 2024 (six months ended 30 June 2023: 958,594,000 ordinary shares).


           (b) Diluted loss per share
                  Diluted loss per share is calculated by adjusting the weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding to
                  assume conversion of all dilutive potential ordinary shares. The calculation of diluted loss per share amount for the
                  six months ended 30 June 2024 and 2023 has not included the potential effects of the warrants and share options
                  issued by an equity-accounted investee of the Group, as they had anti-dilutive effects on the basic loss per share
                  amount for the respective periods. Accordingly, diluted loss per share for the six months ended 30 June 2024 and
                  2023 are the same as basic loss per share of the respective periods.


     8     PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
           During the six months ended 30 June 2024, the Group acquired items of property, plant and equipment with a cost of
           RMB14,932,000 (six months ended 30 June 2023: RMB48,155,000).


     9     TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES
                                                                                                      At 30 June At 31 December
                                                                                                            2024           2023
                                                                                                       RMB’000          RMB’000


           Trade debtors, net of loss allowance                                                            29,658              4,969
           Value-added tax recoverable                                                                     33,267             25,786
           Prepayments                                                                                      8,095             13,787
           Other debtors                                                                                    6,630             11,207


                                                                                                           77,650             55,749


           As at 30 June 2024 and 31 December 2023, the ageing of trade debtors are within 3 months, based on the invoice date.
           Trade debtors are due within 7 to 180 days from the date of billing. All of the trade and other receivables are expected
           to be recovered or recognised as expense within one year.




54
Notes to the Unaudited Interim Financial Report (Continued)
(Expressed in Renminbi unless otherwise indicated)




10 INTEREST-BEARING BORROWINGS
      As of the end of the reporting period, the interest-bearing borrowings were repayable as follows:

                                                                                              At 30 June At 31 December
                                                                                                    2024           2023
                                                                                               RMB’000          RMB’000


      Within 1 year                                                                              194,764            375,357


      After 1 year but within 2 years                                                            168,525             99,700
      After 2 years but within 5 years                                                            69,209                 —


                                                                                                 237,734             99,700


                                                                                                 432,498            475,057


      As of the end of the reporting period, the interest-bearing borrowings were secured as follows:

                                                                                              At 30 June At 31 December
                                                                                                    2024           2023
                                                                                               RMB’000          RMB’000


      Bank loans
      — secured                                                                                  149,978                 —
      — unsecured                                                                                222,520            475,057


                                                                                                 372,498            475,057

      Secured loans from a related party                                                          60,000                  —


                                                                                                 432,498            475,057


      As at 30 June 2024, the bank facilities drawn down by the Group of RMB149,978,000 (2023: nil) were secured by certain
      patents held by the Group. The carrying amount of these patents is zero as they have not been capitalised as intangible
      assets.

      One of the Group’s banking facilities is subject to the fulfilment of certain covenants. If the Group were to breach the
      covenants, the drawdown facilities would become payable on demand. As at 30 June 2024, none of these covenants
      relating to drawdown facilities had been breached.

      In June 2024, the Group entered into agreements with Shanghai MicroPort Tianniuyan Financial Leasing Co., Ltd. (上海
      微創天牛眼融資租賃有限公司, “Tianniuyan”), a related party of the Group, pursuant to which, the Group agreed to
      sell certain prototypes for the surgery system to Tianniuyan for a total consideration of RMB60,000,000, and Tianniuyan
      agreed to lease back these assets to the Group at a consideration of RMB66,000,000 by installments. The transaction was
      treated as loans from Tianniuyan.



                                                            SHANGHAI MICROPORT MEDBOT (GROUP) CO., LTD. | INTERIM REPORT 2024    55
     Notes to the Unaudited Interim Financial Report (Continued)
     (Expressed in Renminbi unless otherwise indicated)




     11 TRADE AND OTHER PAYABLES
           As of the end of the reporting period, the ageing analysis of trade payables (which are included in trade and other
           payables), based on the invoice date, is as follows:

                                                                                                   At 30 June At 31 December
                                                                                                         2024           2023
                                                                                                    RMB’000          RMB’000


           Within 1 month                                                                               52,900            48,015
           Over 1 month but within 3 months                                                             16,277            13,181
           Over 3 months but within 6 months                                                             4,036             6,831
           Over 6 months but within 1 year                                                               1,733             2,695
           Over 1 year                                                                                   2,117             3,529


           Trade payables                                                                               77,063            74,251

           Accrued payroll                                                                              46,708            78,661
           Amounts due to related parties                                                               15,240            17,259
           Other creditors and accrued charges                                                          63,870            74,772


                                                                                                      202,881            244,943


     12 CAPITAL, RESERVES AND DIVIDENDS
           (a) Dividends
                  The Directors did not propose the payment of any dividend during the six months ended 30 June 2024 (six months
                  ended 30 June 2023: nil).


           (b) Employee share purchase plan (the “ESPP”)
                  Since 2017, the Group adopted several ESPPs, pursuant to which, the partnership firms, whose limited partners
                  consisted of employees of the Group, invested in the Group by way of subscribing newly issued equity interests
                  of the Group, or acquiring equity interests from the Group. All participants of the ESPPs have purchased equity
                  interests in respective partnership firms at amounts specified in the respective partnership agreements.

                  Since 2022, several subsidiaries of the Group also adopted ESPPs, pursuant to which, the partnership firms,
                  consisting of the eligible employees of Group, could invest in these subsidiaries.

                  All ESPPs contain a service condition. Employees participating in the plan have to transfer out their equity
                  interests if their employments with the Group were terminated within the vesting period, to a person or a party
                  nominated by the general partners of the partnership firms at a price no higher than the amounts specified in the
                  respective partnership agreements. The fair value of the ESPP at the grant date, being the difference between the
                  considerations and the fair value of the equity interests subscribed shall be spread over the vesting period and
                  recognised as staff costs in the profit or loss.




56
Notes to the Unaudited Interim Financial Report (Continued)
(Expressed in Renminbi unless otherwise indicated)




12	CAPITAL, RESERVES AND DIVIDENDS (Continued)
      (c) Equity-settled share-based payment expenses recognised in the consolidated
          statement of profit or loss during the current and prior periods:

                                                                                                  Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                                        2024            2023
                                                                                                     RMB’000        RMB’000


             Research and development costs                                                            25,177             43,534
             Selling and marketing expenses                                                             4,498             12,166
             Administrative expenses                                                                    5,723             15,470


             Total equity-settled share-based payment expenses recognised
               in profit or loss                                                                       35,398             71,170
             Add: Impact recognised in share of losses of equity-accounted investees                      601                 90


             Total impact of share-based payment recognised in equity during the period                35,999             71,260


13 FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENT OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
      (a) Financial assets and liabilities measured at fair value
             (i)   Fair value hierarchy
                   The following table presents the fair value of the Group’s financial instruments measured at the end of the
                   reporting period on a recurring basis, categorised into the three-level fair value hierarchy as defined in HKFRS
                   13, Fair value measurement. The level into which a fair value measurement is classified is determined with
                   reference to the observability and significance of the inputs used in the valuation technique as follows:

                   —      Level 1 valuations:        Fair value measured using only Level 1 inputs i.e. unadjusted quoted prices in
                                                     active markets for identical assets or liabilities at the measurement date

                   —      Level 2 valuations:        Fair value measured using Level 2 inputs i.e. observable inputs which fail to
                                                     meet Level 1, and not using significant unobservable inputs. Unobservable
                                                     inputs are inputs for which market data are not available

                   —      Level 3 valuations:        Fair value measured using significant unobservable inputs

                   The Group has performed valuations for the unlisted equity securities which are categorised into Level 3 of
                   the fair value hierarchy. At the end of the reporting date, an analysis of changes in fair value measurement is
                   prepared by the finance department.




                                                                  SHANGHAI MICROPORT MEDBOT (GROUP) CO., LTD. | INTERIM REPORT 2024   57
     Notes to the Unaudited Interim Financial Report (Continued)
     (Expressed in Renminbi unless otherwise indicated)




     13	FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENT OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)
           (a)	Financial assets and liabilities measured at fair value (Continued)
                  (i)	Fair value hierarchy (Continued)
                                                                    Fair value at    Fair value measurements as at 30 June 2024
                                                                         30 June                  categorised into
                                                                           2024            Level 1           Level 2          Level 3
                                                                        RMB’000           RMB’000           RMB’000          RMB’000


                         Recurring fair value measurement
                         Financial assets:
                         Unlisted equity securities                        56,473                 —                 —          56,473


                                                                     Fair value at Fair value measurements as at 31 December 2023
                                                                    31 December                     categorised into
                                                                           2023             Level 1           Level 2          Level 3
                                                                        RMB’000           RMB’000           RMB’000          RMB’000


                          Recurring fair value measurement
                          Financial assets:
                          Unlisted equity securities                       66,916                 —            10,754          56,162


                         During the six months ended 30 June 2024 and 2023, there were no transfers between Level 1 and Level 2,
                         and there were no transfers between Level 2 and Level 3.

                         The Group’s policy is to recognise transfers between levels of fair value hierarchy as at the end of each of the
                         reporting period in which they occur.

                  (ii)   Information about Level 3 fair value measurements

                                              Valuation techniques         Significant unobservable inputs          Ratio


                         Unlisted equity      Equity allocation model      Expected volatility, taking into         74% (2023: 74%)
                           securities                                        account the historical volatility of
                                                                             the comparable companies

                                                                           Expected probability of event            45% (2023: 45%)




58
Notes to the Unaudited Interim Financial Report (Continued)
(Expressed in Renminbi unless otherwise indicated)




13	FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENT OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)
      (a)	Financial assets and liabilities measured at fair value (Continued)
             (ii)	Information about Level 3 fair value measurements (Continued)
                   As at 30 June 2024, it is estimated that with all other variables held constant, an increase/decrease in the
                   expected probability of event by 10% would have increased/decreased the Group’s loss by RMB443,000/
                   RMB443,000 and an increase/decrease in the expected volatility by 5% would have increased/decreased the
                   Group’s loss by RMB29,000/RMB23,000.

                   As at 31 December 2023, it is estimated that with all other variables held constant, an increase/decrease in
                   the expected probability of event by 10% would have increased/decreased the Group’s loss by RMB444,000/
                   RMB531,000 and an increase/decrease in the expected volatility by 5% would have decreased/increased the
                   Group’s loss by RMB168,000/RMB67,000.

                   The carrying amounts of the Group’s financial instruments carried at cost or amortised cost were not
                   materially different from their fair values as at 30 June 2024 and 2023.


14 COMMITMENTS
      Capital commitments outstanding as of the end of the reporting period not provided for in the interim financial
      statements were as follows:

                                                                                               At 30 June At 31 December
                                                                                                     2024           2023
                                                                                                RMB’000          RMB’000


      Contracted for acquisition of property, plant and equipment                                    3,015               924


15 MATERIAL RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS
      (a) Key management personnel remuneration
                                                                                              Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                                    2024            2023
                                                                                                 RMB’000        RMB’000


             Salaries and other benefits                                                            2,176              2,454
             Discretionary bonuses                                                                    918              1,190
             Equity-settled share-based payment expenses                                           11,791             27,445


                                                                                                   14,885             31,089




                                                             SHANGHAI MICROPORT MEDBOT (GROUP) CO., LTD. | INTERIM REPORT 2024    59
     Notes to the Unaudited Interim Financial Report (Continued)
     (Expressed in Renminbi unless otherwise indicated)




     15	MATERIAL RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (Continued)
           (b) Other material related party transactions
                                                                                                     Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                                           2024            2023
                                                                                                        RMB’000        RMB’000


                  Sale of goods to subsidiaries and equity-accounted investees of MPSC,
                    and a former equity-accounted investee                                                 20,195             13,156
                  Service fee charged by subsidiaries and equity-accounted investees
                    of MPSC                                                                                10,072             12,339
                  Purchase of goods from an equity-accounted investee of the Group and,
                    subsidiaries and equity-accounted investees of MPSC                                    10,442                 372
                  Loans from MPSC and a subsidiary of MPSC                                                 99,091                  —
                  Repayment of loans from MPSC                                                             39,091                  —


                  In addition, the Group provided financial guarantees to certain equity-accounted investees of the Group for their
                  bank facilities. As at 30 June 2024, bank loans amounting to RMB5,990,000 drawn down by the equity-accounted
                  investees were guaranteed by the Group (30 June 2023: RMB5,000,000). Management of the Group consider the
                  default risk of financial guarantee is insignificant and no expected credit loss was recognised in this regard for the
                  periods ended 30 June 2023 and 2024.




60
Notes to the Unaudited Interim Financial Report (Continued)
(Expressed in Renminbi unless otherwise indicated)




15	MATERIAL RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (Continued)
      (b)	Other material related party transactions (Continued)
             During the six months ended 30 June 2024, the directors are of the view that the following companies are related
             parties:

             Name of related party                                                            Relationship


             Cathbot (Shanghai) Robot Co., Ltd.*                                              Equity-accounted investee of the Group
                (知脈 (上海) 機器人有限公司)
             MicroPort Scientific Corporation (“MPSC”)                                        Ultimate controlling party of the Group
             MicroPort Scientific GmbH                                                        Subsidiary of MPSC
             MicroPort Scientific Vascular Brasil Ltda.                                       Subsidiary of MPSC
             Suzhou MicroPort Orthopaedics Scientific (Group) Co., Ltd.*                      Subsidiary of MPSC
                (蘇州微創骨科學 (集團) 有限公司)
             MicroPort Sinica Co., Ltd.*                                                      Subsidiary of MPSC
                (微創投資控股有限公司)
             Jiaxing MicroPort Medical Co., Ltd.*                                             Subsidiary of MPSC
                (嘉興微創醫療科技有限公司)
             Shanghai SafeWay Co., Ltd.*                                                      Equity-accounted investee of MPSC
                (上海安助醫療科技有限公司)
             Suzhou MicroPort OrthoRecon Co., Ltd.*                                           Subsidiary of MPSC
                (蘇州微創關節醫療科技有限公司)
             Shanghai MicroPort Tianniuyan Financial Leasing Co., Ltd.*                       Subsidiary of MPSC
                (上海微創天牛眼融資租賃有限公司)
             Shanghai Huanbo Digital Technology Co., Ltd.*                                    Subsidiary of MPSC
                (上海寰博數碼科技有限公司)
             MicroPort Shentong Medical Technology (Shanghai) Co., Ltd.*                      Subsidiary of MPSC
                (微創神通醫療科技 (上海) 有限公司)
             AccuTarget MediPharma (Shanghai) Co., Ltd.*                                      MPSC
                (上海導向醫療系統有限公司)
             Zhejiang AccuPath Zhizao Technology (Group) Co., Ltd.*                           Equity-accounted investee of MPSC
                (浙江脈通智造科技（集團）有限公司)
             SuZhou ProSteri Medical Technology Co., Ltd.*                                    Equity-accounted investee of MPSC
                (蘇州諾潔醫療技術有限公司)

             *     English translation is for identification purpose only.


             Shanghai TargBot Medtech Co., Ltd. (上海術航機器人有限公司, “TargBot”) became a subsidiary of the Group
             during the year ended 31 December 2023. The transactions with TargBot from 1 January 2023 to the date that the
             Group obtained control over TargBot were disclosed as related party transactions.


16 NON-ADJUSTING EVENTS AFTER THE REPORTING PERIOD
      In July 2024, the Company completed a placing and issued 12,900,000 shares at price of HK$9.10 per share to several
      third-party investors with a net proceed of approximately HK$114,824,000.



                                                                             SHANGHAI MICROPORT MEDBOT (GROUP) CO., LTD. | INTERIM REPORT 2024   61
     Definitions


     In this report, the following expressions shall have the meaning set out below unless the context requires otherwise:

     “ANVISA”                                 Brazilian Health Regulatory Agency

     “Articles of Association”                the articles of association of the Company from time to time

     “Audit Committee”                        the audit committee of the Company

     “Biobot”                                 Biobot Surgical Pte. Ltd., a company established in Singapore with limited liability on
                                              28 August 2007

     “Board”                                  the board of Directors

     “CG Code”                                the corporate governance code contained in Appendix C1 to the Listing Rules


     “Company” or “we” or                     Shanghai MicroPort MedBot (Group) Co., Ltd. (上海微創醫療機器人(集團)股份有限
       “us” or “our”                          公 司), a company incorporated in the People’s Republic of China, the H Shares of
                                              which are listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange (Stock Code: 2252)

     “Core Product” or “Toumai”               has the meaning ascribed to it in Chapter 18A of the Listing Rules; for the purposes
                                              of this report, our Core Product refers to, Toumai® (圖 邁®) Laparoscopic Surgical
                                              Robot (registered name in China)

     “DFVision”                               DFVision® (蜻蜓眼®) 3D Electronic Laparoscope (registered name in China)

     “Director(s)”                            director(s) of the Company

     “Domestic Shares”                        ordinary Shares in the share capital of the Company with a nominal value of
                                              RMB1.00 each, which are subscribed for and paid for in RMB

     “EU”                                     European Union

     “FDA”                                    the U.S. Food and Drug Administration

     “Free Cash Flow”                         the sum of net cash used in operating activities, net cash used for purchase of
                                              property, plant and equipment and intangible assets, and net cash used for payment
                                              of lease rentals and deposits

     “Green Path”                             the special approval procedure for innovative medical devices of the NMPA

     “Group”                                  the Company and its subsidiaries

     “SkyWalker”                              SkyWalker® (鴻鵠®) Orthopedic Surgical Robot (registered name in China)

     “Hong Kong”                              the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the PRC




62
Definitions (Continued)




“H Share(s)”                   the overseas listed foreign share(s) in the ordinary share capital of the Company with
                               a nominal value of RMB1.00 each, which are subscribed for and traded in Hong
                               Kong dollars and listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange and such Domestic
                               Shares converted into H Shares upon the Domestic Shares been approved for full
                               circulation under the full circulation scheme

“Listing”                      the listing of the H Shares on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange

“Listing Date”                 2 November 2021, the date on which dealings in the H Shares on the Main Board
                               first commenced

“Listing Rules”                the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong
                               Limited

“MicroPort”                    MicroPort Scientific Corporation (微創醫療科學有限公司), an exempted company
                               incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability on 14 July 2006 whose
                               shares are listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange (Stock Code: 853)

“MicroPort Group”              MicroPort and its subsidiaries

“MicroPort Sinica”             MicroPort Sinica Co., Ltd. (微創投資控股有限公司), a company established in the
                               PRC with limited liability

“Model Code”                   Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers as contained in
                               Appendix C3 to the Listing Rules

“Mona Lisa”                    iSR’obot® Mona Lisa Robotic Transperined Prostate Biopsy System (the registered
                               name in China)

“National Health Commission”   National Health Commission of the PRC

“NDR”                          NDR Medical Technology Private Limited, a company incorporated in Singapore with
                               limited liability on 20 October 2014

“NMPA”                         National Medical Products Administration of the PRC

“PRC”                          the People’s Republic of China, for the purpose of this report, shall not include Hong
                               Kong, Macau Special Administrative Region and Taiwan

“Prospectus”                   the prospectus of the Company dated 21 October 2021

“Reporting Period”             for the six months ended 30 June 2024

“Robocath”                     Robocath S.A.S, a company incorporated in France with limited liability on 9 October
                               2009




                                                   SHANGHAI MICROPORT MEDBOT (GROUP) CO., LTD. | INTERIM REPORT 2024    63
     Definitions (Continued)




     “R-ONE”                   R-ONE Vascular Interventional Surgical Robot

     “SFO”                     the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Chapter 571 of the Laws of Hong Kong), as
                               amended, supplemented and otherwise modified from time to time

     “Shanghai Cathbot”        Cathbot (Shanghai) Robot Co., Ltd. (知 脈(上 海)機 器 人 有 限 公 司), a company
                               established in the PRC with limited liability on 19 March 2021 which is owned as to
                               51% by the Company and 49% by Robocath

     “Shanghai Intbot”         Shanghai Intbot Robotics Co., Ltd. (上 海 介 航 機 器 人 有 限 公 司), a company
                               established in the PRC with limited liability on 12 March 2021 which is owned as to
                               40% by the Company, 30% by Biobot and 30% by Shanghai Lingmin Enterprise
                               Consultation Center LLP (上海羚敏企業管理諮詢中心(有限合夥))

     “Shanghai Latent”         Shanghai Latent Artificial Intelligence Co., Ltd. (上海默化人工智能科技有限公司), a
                               company established in the PRC with limited liability and is one of our controlling
                               shareholders

     “Shanghai Qingmin”        Shanghai Qingmin Enterprise Management Consultation Center (Limited Partnership)
                               (上海擎敏企業管理諮詢中心(有限合夥)), a limited liability partnership established in
                               the PRC

     “Shanghai Qingzhen”       Shanghai Qingzhen Enterprise Management Consultation Center (Limited
                               Partnership) (上海擎禎企業管理諮詢中心(有限合夥)), a limited liability partnership
                               established in the PRC

     “Share(s)”                ordinary share(s) of the Company, comprising Domestic Shares and H Shares

     “Shareholder(s)”          holder(s) of the Shares

     “Stock Exchange”          The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited

     “subsidiary(ies)”         has the meaning ascribed thereto under the Listing Rules

     “Supervisor(s)”           the supervisor(s) of the Company

     “TGA”                     Therapeutic Goods Administration

     “TKA”                     Total Knee Arthroplasty

     “United States” or “US”   the United States of America

     “%”                       per cent




64
