Independent Auditor’s Report
To the shareholders of Green Cross Health Limited

Report on the consolidated financial statements


   Opinion
   In our opinion, the accompanying consolidated                                      We have audited the accompanying consolidated
   financial statements of Green Cross Health Limited                                 financial statements which comprise:
   (the company) and its subsidiaries (the Group) on
                                                                                      — the consolidated statement of financial position
   pages 6 to 26:
                                                                                            as at 31 March 2019;
   i. present fairly in all material respects the Group’s
                                                                                      — the consolidated statements of comprehensive
      financial position as at 31 March 2019 and its
                                                                                            income, changes in equity and cash flows for
      financial performance and cash flows for the                                          the year then ended; and
      year ended on that date; and
                                                                                      — notes, including a summary of significant
  ii. comply with New Zealand Equivalents to                                                accounting policies and other explanatory
      International Financial Reporting Standards and                                       information.
      International Financial Reporting Standards.




                Basis for opinion
We conducted our audit in accordance with International Standards on Auditing (New Zealand) (‘ISAs (NZ)’). We
believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.
We are independent of the Group in accordance with Professional and Ethical Standard 1 (Revised) Code of
Ethics for Assurance Practitioners issued by the New Zealand Auditing and Assurance Standards Board and the
International Ethics Standards Board for Accountants’ Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants (IESBA
Code), and we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with these requirements and the
IESBA Code.
Our responsibilities under ISAs (NZ) are further described in the auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the
consolidated financial statements section of our report.
Our firm has also provided other services to the Group in relation to tax compliance and advisory services.
Subject to certain restrictions, partners and employees of our firm may also deal with the Group on normal
terms within the ordinary course of trading activities of the business of the Group. These matters have not
impaired our independence as auditor of the Group. The firm has no other relationship with, or interest in, the
Group.



                Materiality
The scope of our audit was influenced by our application of materiality. Materiality helped us to determine the
nature, timing and extent of our audit procedures and to evaluate the effect of misstatements, both individually
and on the consolidated financial statements as a whole. The materiality for the consolidated financial
statements as a whole was set at $1.2 million determined with reference to a benchmark of group profit before
tax. We chose the benchmark because, in our view, this is a key measure of the Group’s performance.


© 2019 KPMG, a New Zealand partnership and a member firm of the KPMG network of independent
member firms affiliated with KPMG International Cooperative (“KPMG International”), a Swiss entity.
                                                                                                                                           2
           Key audit matters
Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgement, were of most significance in our audit
of the consolidated financial statements in the current period. We summarise below those matters and our key
audit procedures to address those matters in order that the shareholders as a body may better understand the
process by which we arrived at our audit opinion. Our procedures were undertaken in the context of and solely
for the purpose of our statutory audit opinion on the consolidated financial statements as a whole and we do not
express discrete opinions on separate elements of the consolidated financial statements.

The key audit matter                                  How the matter was addressed in our audit

Impairment of goodwill ($126.5 million)

Refer to note 12 to the consolidated financial        Our audit procedures included:
statements.
                                                      -    Ensuring the allocation of goodwill to the
The Group has grown significantly through                  Group’s business units is appropriate;
acquisitions in its Pharmacy, Medical and
                                                      -    Evaluating the methodology, mathematical accuracy
Community Health business units which has
                                                           and assumptions applied in the discounted cash flow
resulted in the recognition of goodwill on the
                                                           models. We used our own valuation specialists to
balance sheet in the amount of $75.1 million, $32.4
                                                           assist us with the consideration of terminal growth
million and $19.0 million, respectively.
                                                           and discount rates;
In the event the business units under-perform         -    Challenging management’s cash flow assumptions
compared to their business cases, there is a risk          over projected cash flows taking into consideration
that the goodwill arising on acquisition may no            the expected impact of the Group’s business plans
longer be supported.
                                                           for each business unit by reference to their
As disclosed in note 12, the Group uses a                  historical performance and the internal and external
discounted cash flow model to determine the                factors that influence their operations;
recoverable amount of its business units to which     -    Performing sensitivity analysis around the key
goodwill has been allocated. The key assumptions           assumptions used in the models, and
include:                                                   reviewed appropriateness of related
                                                           disclosures in the consolidated financial
-   Income growth rates and achievement of                 statements.
    operating cost efficiencies taking into
    consideration the Group’s business unit plans     We did not identify material exceptions from procedures
    and ensuring consistent application of best       performed, and found the judgements and assumptions
    practice across it’s pharmacies, medical          used in the assessment of goodwill impairment to be
    centres and home care operations;                 balanced.

-   Discount rates based on a weighted average
    cost of capital applicable for each of the cash
    generating units reflecting an assessment of
    the time value of money and the risks specific
    to the business; and
-   A terminal growth rate taking into
    consideration the long term inflation rate.

The annual impairment test performed by the
Group was significant to our audit due to the
magnitude of the goodwill balance and because
the assessment process involved judgment about
the future performance of the business units,
including considering future economic and market
conditions.




                                                                                                                   3
           Other information
The Directors, on behalf of the Group, are responsible for the other information included in the entity’s Annual
Report. Other information includes the Directors Declaration and the other information included in the Annual
Report. Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover any other information and we do
not express any form of assurance conclusion thereon.
In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial statements our responsibility is to read the other
information and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the
consolidated financial statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears materially
misstated. If, based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this
other information, we are required to report that fact. We have received the Directors Declaration and have nothing
to report in regards to it. The Annual Report is expected to be made available to us after the date of this
Independent Auditor's Report and we will report the matters identified, if any, to the Directors.



           Use of this independent auditor’s report
This independent auditor’s report is made solely to the shareholders as a body. Our audit work has been
undertaken so that we might state to the shareholders those matters we are required to state to them in the
independent auditor’s report and for no other purpose. To the fullest extent permitted by law, we do not accept
or assume responsibility to anyone other than the shareholders as a body for our audit work, this independent
auditor’s report, or any of the opinions we have formed.



       Responsibilities of the Directors for the consolidated financial
statements
The Directors, on behalf of the company, are responsible for:
— the preparation and fair presentation of the consolidated financial statements in accordance with generally
    accepted accounting practice in New Zealand (being New Zealand Equivalents to International Financial
    Reporting Standards) and International Financial Reporting Standards;
— implementing necessary internal control to enable the preparation of a consolidated set of financial
    statements that is fairly presented and free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error; and
— assessing the ability to continue as a going concern. This includes disclosing, as applicable, matters related
    to going concern and using the going concern basis of accounting unless they either intend to liquidate or to
    cease operations, or have no realistic alternative but to do so.




                                                                                                                      4
           Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the consolidated financial
           statements
Our objective is:


— to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements as a whole are free
    from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error; and
— to issue an independent auditor’s report that includes our opinion.
Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance
with ISAs NZ will always detect a material misstatement when it exists.
Misstatements can arise from fraud or error. They are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate,
they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these
consolidated financial statements.
A further description of our responsibilities for the audit of these consolidated financial statements is located at
the External Reporting Board (XRB) website at:
http://www.xrb.govt.nz/standards-for-assurance-practitioners/auditors-responsibilities/audit-report-1/
This description forms part of our independent auditor’s report.

The engagement partner on the audit resulting in this independent auditor's report is Aaron Woolsey.
For and on behalf of




KPMG
Auckland
28 May 2019




                                                                                                                       5
