                                                         PRESS RELEASE                    4 FEBRUARY 2026




Press Release
4 February 2026

Q3 Trading Statement
Strong Q3 performance with good acquisition momentum, full year guidance maintained
DCC plc, the leading international energy sales, marketing and support services group, is issuing this
Trading Statement for the third quarter ended 31 December 2025.

Strong growth in third quarter
Group adjusted operating profit, on a continuing basis, for the third quarter ended 31 December 2025
grew strongly compared with the prior year. DCC delivered good organic growth and benefited from
the first-time contribution from the acquisition of FLAGA in Austria, which completed in late November
2025.

DCC Energy delivered strong operating profit growth in the third quarter. Our largest business,
Solutions, recorded good operating profit growth, driven by a strong performance in Energy Products.
This was offset somewhat by challenging trading conditions for Energy Services in the UK. Weather,
which primarily impacts heating activities within Energy Products, was broadly in line with the prior
year across the regions in which we operate. Mobility continued to perform well, generating excellent
organic profit growth during the period.

DCC Technology’s operating profit was in line with the prior year on a continuing basis. After a difficult
first half the business in North America returned to growth during the period.

Outlook - Operating profit guidance for year maintained
DCC continues to expect that the year ending 31 March 2026 will be a year of good operating profit
growth on a continuing basis, significant strategic progress and ongoing development activity.

Development update – DCC enters new liquid gas markets
Earlier this financial year, DCC announced that we had entered Austria, Poland and other smaller
Central and Eastern European liquid gas markets focused on customers off the gas grid. These
acquisitions represent a compelling consolidation opportunity in new markets, a core competence of
DCC. We will also drive returns through procurement synergies across Continental Europe.

Further details of these transactions can be found in DCC's stock exchange announcements of 21
October 2025 and 15 January 2026.

DCC has now committed approximately £100 million to acquisitions since our prior year Final Results
in May 2025. Our Group development teams remain active, and we have a growing pipeline of
acquisition opportunities in the energy sector.

Strategy implementation - Plan to become Energy Group almost complete
In November 2024, DCC announced plans to simplify the Group’s operations and focus on the growth
and development of DCC Energy, the largest and highest returning division of the Group. In the 14


1
                                                        PRESS RELEASE                  4 FEBRUARY 2026




months since this announcement, we have made significant progress with: the sale of DCC Healthcare,
the return of capital following that divestment and the disposal of our Info Tech business.

The remainder of DCC Technology, is a leader in the sales, marketing and distribution of specialist Pro
AV, Pro Audio and related products and services. We continue to expect to reach agreement for the
sale of DCC Technology by the end of calendar year 2026.

The simplification of the Group enables our management team to focus our capital deployment on the
compelling opportunity in our energy businesses.

Date for Final Results
DCC expects to announce its results for the year ending 31 March 2026 on Tuesday 19 May 2026.




2
                                                        PRESS RELEASE                    4 FEBRUARY 2026




Contact information
Investor enquiries:
Conor Murphy, Chief Financial Officer                                             Tel: +353 1 2799 400
Rossa White, Head of Group Investor Relations & Comms.                  Email: investorrelations@dcc.ie
Media enquiries:
Sodali & Co (Eavan Gannon/Pete Lambie)                                           Tel: +44 20 7250 1446
                                                                         Email: DCCGroup@sodali.com


About DCC plc
Invested in Energy
DCC is a customer-focused energy business, specialising in the sales, marketing, and distribution of
secure, cleaner and competitive energy solutions to commercial, industrial, domestic, and transport
customers. Headquartered in Dublin, DCC is listed on the London Stock Exchange and is a constituent
of the FTSE 100. In our financial year ended 31 March 2025, DCC generated revenues of £16.1 billion
and adjusted operating profit of £609.7 million on continuing operations. DCC has an excellent record,
delivering compound annual growth of 13% in continuing adjusted operating profit and unbroken
dividend growth of 13% while maintaining high returns on capital employed over 31 years as a public
company.

Follow us on LinkedIn
www.dcc.ie

Forward-looking statements
This announcement contains some forward-looking statements that represent DCC’s expectations for
its business, based on current expectations about future events, which by their nature involve risk and
uncertainty. DCC believes that its expectations and assumptions with respect to these forward-looking
statements are reasonable, however because they involve risk and uncertainty as to future
circumstances, which are in many cases beyond DCC’s control, actual results or performance may differ
materially from those expressed in or implied by such forward-looking statements.




3
