 JD Logistics, Inc.
 京东物流股份有限公司
（於開曼群島註冊成立的有限公司）(A company incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability)

 股份代號 Stock Code: 2618


 2026 中期報告 Interim Report
CONTENTS
           2    Corporate Information
           4    Financial Highlights
           5    CEO Statement
           13   Management Discussion and Analysis
           23   Other Information
           37   Report on Review of Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
           38   Condensed Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss
           39   Condensed Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income
           40   Condensed Consolidated Statement of Financial Position
           42   Condensed Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity
           43   Condensed Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
           45   Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
           73   Definitions
CORPORATE INFORMATION


Board of Directors                             Registered Office
Executive Director                             PO Box 309
Zhenhui Wang (王振輝) (Chief Executive Officer)   Ugland House
                                               Grand Cayman, KY1-1104
Non-executive Director                         Cayman Islands
Richard Qiangdong Liu (劉強東) (Chairman)
                                               Headquarters
Independent Non-executive Directors            8th Floor, Building 2
Nora Gu Yi Wu (顧宜)                             Jingdong Headquarters
Christina Gaw (吳燕安)                            No. 20 Kechuang 11 Street
Laura J. Peterson                              Yizhuang Economic and Technological Development Zone
Xiande Zhao (趙先德)                              Daxing District
Yang Zhang (張揚)                                Beijing 101111
Lin Ye (葉林)                                    People’s Republic of China
Yi Hoi Tang (鄧以海)
                                               Room 302, 3rd Floor
Audit Committee                                Zhiheng Building
Nora Gu Yi Wu (顧宜) (Chairperson)               E-Commerce Industrial Park
Christina Gaw (吳燕安)                            Suyu District, Suqian
Xiande Zhao (趙先德)                              People’s Republic of China

Remuneration Committee                         Principal Place of Business in
Xiande Zhao (趙先德) (Chairperson)                Hong Kong
Lin Ye (葉林)                                    Room 1901, 19/F
Yi Hoi Tang (鄧以海)                              Lee Garden One
                                               33 Hysan Avenue
Nomination Committee                           Causeway Bay, Hong Kong
Richard Qiangdong Liu (劉強東) (Chairperson)
Nora Gu Yi Wu (顧宜)                             Legal Advisors
Yang Zhang (張揚)
                                               As to Hong Kong Law and United States Law
                                               Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher & Flom and affiliates
Company Secretary
Ming King Chiu (趙明璟)
                                               As to PRC Law
                                               Shihui Partners
Authorized Representatives
Zhenhui Wang (王振輝)
Ming King Chiu (趙明璟)
                                               As to Cayman Islands Law
                                               Maples and Calder (Hong Kong) LLP
Auditor
Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu
Certified Public Accountants
Registered Public Interest Entity Auditor




2      JD Logistics, Inc.
                                                    Corporate Information (Continued)




Principal Share Registrar and Transfer Office
Maples Fund Services (Cayman) Limited
P.O. Box 1093
Boundary Hall, Cricket Square
Grand Cayman, KY1-1102
Cayman Islands

Hong Kong Share Registrar
Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited
Shops 1712–1716, 17th Floor
Hopewell Centre
183 Queen’s Road East
Wanchai
Hong Kong

Principal Bankers
Bank of China Limited
Bank of China Limited, Suqian Suyu Branch
JPMorgan Chase Bank (China) Company Limited
China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.
Shanghai Pudong Development Bank Co., Ltd.

Stock Code
2618

Company Website
https://ir.jdl.com




                                                                  INTERIM REPORT 2026   3
FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS


                                                                                                Unaudited
                                                                                         Six months ended June 30,                Year-over-year
                                                                                                    2026                  2025           change
                                                                                           (RMB in thousands, except for percentages)

Revenue                                                                                   124,683,247             98,531,786             26.5%
Gross profit                                                                                11,066,462              8,866,295            24.8%
Operating profit      (1)
                                                                                              3,078,307             2,112,971            45.7%
Profit for the period                                                                         3,270,846             2,959,157            10.5%
Non-IFRS operating profit         (2)
                                                                                              3,592,724             2,567,349            39.9%
Non-IFRS profit for the period          (2)
                                                                                              3,696,160             3,339,048            10.7%
Non-IFRS profit margin for the period(2)                                                            3.0%                  3.4% (0.4) percentage
                                                                                                                                          points
Non-IFRS EBITDA for the period(2)                                                           11,019,003              9,475,513            16.3%
Non-IFRS EBITDA margin for the period               (2)
                                                                                                    8.8%                  9.6% (0.8) percentage
                                                                                                                                          points



Notes:


1.       Operating profit consists of gross profit deducting selling and marketing expenses, research and development expenses, general and
         administrative expenses, and impairment losses (including reversals of impairment losses) on financial assets.


2.       See the section headed “Non-IFRS Measures” in this interim report for more information about the non-IFRS measures.




4         JD Logistics, Inc.
                                                                               CEO STATEMENT


Dear Shareholders,

I am pleased to present our interim performance for the six months ended June 30, 2026.

Business Review
In the first half of 2026, amid various external uncertainties, JD Logistics stayed true to its mission to “drive superior
efficiency and sustainability for global supply chain through technology”. To that end, we continued to consolidate
our core integrated supply chain business, firmly advanced customer experience enhancements and capability
building, and further deepened our overseas strategic layout. Meanwhile, we accelerated the deep integration and
scaled application of artificial intelligence (“AI”) and automation across the entire logistics chain, achieving high-
quality growth in both revenue and profit.

In the first half of 2026, our total revenue reached RMB124.7 billion, increasing by 26.5% year-over-year. Revenue
from external customers increased by 29.3% year-over-year to RMB85.4 billion. Our major business segments
demonstrated strong and steady growth momentum.

Leveraging our leading integrated supply chain capabilities, extensive network coverage, and deep industry insights,
we achieved sound growth in both the number of external integrated supply chain customers and the average
revenue per customer (“ARPC”). While further solidifying our domestic foundation, we replicated our mature supply
chain model in overseas markets. In the first half of 2026, as JD Group launched its online retail business, Joybuy,
in Europe, our own express delivery brand, JoyExpress, also commenced operations concurrently in the region,
driving the accelerated deployment of our overseas supply chain network and the establishment of brand presence.
Meanwhile, the scale of our business with our overseas external customers continued to expand. These have jointly
driven the sustained rapid growth of our international business. On top of that, our improving timeliness capabilities
and product portfolio have enabled our express delivery services to outpace the industry average in revenue and
volume growth.

Despite energy and other cost fluctuations caused by heightened external geopolitical tensions, we leveraged our
operational resilience to effectively mitigate these impacts and deliver a steady earnings performance. In the first half
of 2026, our profit and non-IFRS profit reached RMB3.3 billion and RMB3.7 billion, respectively, representing a year-
over-year increase of 10.5% and 10.7%, respectively, and our gross profit was RMB11.1 billion, representing a year-
over-year increase of 24.8%.

The performance was underpinned by the continuous improvement in our core business operating efficiency,
the ongoing optimization of our product mix, and our sustained investment in technological innovation. We have
always regarded technology as the key to building our long-term competitive moat. Leveraging the broadest range
of operational scenarios and the most complete operating chain in the industry, we continued to advance the deep
integration of AI and automation across all logistics processes, including warehousing, sorting, and transportation
and delivery. Empowered by our self-developed “LangzuTech” series of robots and the “Metabrain” large model,
we have built a unique end-to-end intelligent operational system that consistently drives improvements in operational
efficiency and customer experience.

Integrated Supply Chain Logistics Solutions and Services
We are committed to providing our customers with globally leading supply chain management and operational
services. Amid profound adjustments in consumption structure and the accelerated transformation and upgrading
of the real economy, brands have increasingly strong demands for professional and reliable integrated supply chain
services to reduce costs, improve efficiency and enhance their agility across the entire value chain. Leveraging our
well-established infrastructure foundation and leading digital and intelligent technologies, we continue to explore
sub-sectors for an extended collaborative service chain. This enables us to help customers maintain a competitive
edge in a changing business landscape, while driving high-quality growth of our integrated supply chain business
across multiple industries.


                                                                                              INTERIM REPORT 2026       5
CEO Statement (Continued)




In the first half of 2026, revenue from integrated supply chain customers reached RMB59.4 billion, representing
a year-over-year increase of 18.5%. Revenue from external integrated supply chain customers amounted to
RMB20.1 billion, representing a year-over-year increase of 14.0%. In the first half of 2026, the number of our
external integrated supply chain customers amounted to 79,314, representing a year-over-year increase of 7.6%. The
ARPC of our external integrated supply chain customers amounted to RMB254 thousand. The simultaneous growth
in both customer numbers and ARPC validated the continuous enhancement of our integrated supply chain service
capabilities and customer stickiness.

Behind this growth lies the continuous enhancement of our integrated supply chain capabilities and the expansion of
our service scope. We keep developing diverse platforms and business scenarios. While delivering an omni-channel
integrated supply chain solution across platforms for customers, we also proactively seize growth opportunities
in the on-demand retail market. Leveraging our extensive customer base for integrated supply chain services, we
provide multi-industry customers with on-demand delivery services including short-haul store transportation and
instant stock replenishment, generating cross-selling opportunities. Furthermore, we are accelerating the extension
of our supply chain capabilities toward B2B channels, establishing a channel supply chain system covering more
operational processes and further strengthening our stickiness with customers.

Building on the above-mentioned accumulated capabilities, we continue to provide industry-specific integrated supply
chain solutions and service products for customers in fast-moving consumer goods (“FMCG”), home appliances and
home furniture, 3C, apparel, automotive, fresh produce, and other industries. In the first half of 2026, we deeply
integrated our differentiated integrated supply chain capabilities with the characteristics of various industries as an
ongoing effort to further deepen our strategic partnerships with top customers across different industries.

In the home appliance industry, aligning with the trend toward intelligent upgrading of end consumption, our
integrated supply chain services have demonstrated stronger growth resilience. Intelligent cleaning appliances,
represented by smart robotic vacuums and floor washers, have shown strong growth momentum as an emerging
engine that fuels the industry. Having keenly captured this structural shift, we actively pursued business expansion
opportunities in this sub-sector. In the second quarter of 2026, we deepened our partnership with a leading brand in
the small intelligent cleaning appliance sector by providing an omni-channel integrated supply chain solution tailored
to its rapid business growth and high requirements for fulfillment timeliness. To rise above the stringent fulfillment
demands brought by sudden order surges during grand promotions on e-commerce platforms, we leveraged our
high-timeliness network and efficient pickup strategies to help the customer smoothly handle surge orders, notably
improving outbound timeliness and fulfillment performance. This collaboration not only effectively guaranteed a
premium fulfillment experience for the customer during its peak business periods, but also significantly expanded
our cooperation with this customer, further broadening our growth opportunities in the home appliance industry.

In the consumer goods industry, our integrated supply chain capabilities have further expanded into sub-sectors
with high access barriers and stringent compliance requirements, bringing us new business partnerships. In the
second quarter of 2026, we newly launched warehousing and distribution services with an international supermarket
brand for its online channels, undertaking all such services across its entire online footprint. Combined with our
existing collaboration on offline channels, we have forged omni-channel integrated logistics service partnership with
the customer. In response to the brand’s stringent food safety and compliance requirements, we established the
brand’s China online channel fulfillment system from scratch, completed the SGS audit, and met European food
safety standards. This demonstrated our capability to provide fulfillment services for high-standard food clients
both domestically and internationally. Leveraging nationwide multi-warehouse coverage and comprehensive end-
to-end food quality control, we helped the customer improve delivery timeliness, minimize losses from near-expiry
products, and achieve cost reduction and efficiency improvement across the supply chain, thereby laying a solid
foundation for subsequent scaled replication across similar supermarket and food industry customers.




6     JD Logistics, Inc.
                                                                                CEO Statement (Continued)




In addition, in the first half of 2026, across industries including 3C, apparel and automotive, we further deeply
embedded our integrated services into customers’ core business scenarios, achieving notable business
breakthroughs. For example, within the automotive sector, our services have expanded to inbound logistics for
key components of new energy vehicles, such as batteries and airbags. By extending our service chains further
upstream along the value chain, we have delivered tangible cost reduction and efficiency gains for customers, while
continuously broadening and deepening our partnerships.

While steadily consolidating our leadership in China’s integrated supply chain market, we stayed committed to
our globalization strategy by systematically replicating and extending our mature supply chain model into overseas
markets. In addition, we actively upgraded our overseas fulfillment capabilities to continuously build local brand
presence and enhance customer experience and market reputation, driving rapid growth in our international business.

In the first quarter of 2026, as JD Group launched its online retail business, Joybuy, in Europe, our own express
delivery brand, JoyExpress, also commenced operations concurrently in the core regions of European countries
such as the UK, Germany, the Netherlands, and France. In the second quarter of 2026, we continued to expand our
European network, pursuing both new country coverage and network densification in existing countries. Recently,
the summer peak season in Europe drove stronger-than-expected growth in orders for categories such as air
conditioners. Offering “integrated delivery and installation” service, we steadily handled peak-season order surges,
delivering the brand presence of premium timeliness and reliable fulfillment to overseas end consumers.

Our overseas warehousing and distribution network has extended to cover the core global regions including Europe,
the Americas, Asia-Pacific, and the Middle East. Our expanding overseas warehousing coverage and strengthening
fulfillment capabilities have further deepened our collaboration with both Chinese go-global brands and local
customers. In the first half of 2026, in the U.S. market, we expanded our partnerships with go-global brands in
consumer electronics and other sectors, providing them with integrated warehousing and distribution services
as well as omni-channel fulfillment capabilities. In the European market, we extended our business collaboration
with leading brands in home appliances and drones to additional countries, building on our existing partnerships.
In the Middle East, we launched a dedicated warehouse project with a leading consumer electronics customer,
and expanded our warehouse capacity in line with the rapid ramp-up of its go-global business scale. Building
on the warehousing and distribution services provided to go-global customers, we further began exporting our
self-developed smart warehouse automation technologies to overseas customers, opening up a new pathway that
combines our integrated supply chain capabilities with external technology empowerment.

As of June 30, 2026, our overseas warehouses had covered 26 countries and regions worldwide, with over
200 overseas warehouses in operation and an aggregate gross floor area exceeding 2 million square meters.

The enhancement of our overseas fulfillment capabilities and the expansion of our warehouse network coverage
have not only strongly supported the large-scale fulfillment of Joybuy’s business, but also driven our expanding
collaboration with external customers, collectively sustaining the rapid growth of our international business revenue.

Other Customers
While strengthening our integrated supply chain logistics capabilities, we continued to enhance our high-timeliness
delivery capabilities, enabling high-quality growth of our express delivery and freight delivery services through
improved service experience and product competitiveness. In the first half of 2026, our revenue from other
customers, including revenue from express delivery, freight delivery, and on-demand delivery, reached
RMB65.3 billion, increasing by 34.8% year-over-year.

In terms of express delivery services, we stayed focused on growing our high-timeliness express delivery business.
Through refined resource allocation and targeted focus on core scenarios, we consistently enhanced our timeliness
capabilities, effectively driving rapid growth across multiple high-value business scenarios. Our express delivery
revenue growth outpaced the industry average, together with an improving business mix.


                                                                                           INTERIM REPORT 2026      7
CEO Statement (Continued)




We continued to step up investments in our aviation and land transportation timeliness networks. In terms of aviation,
as of June 30, 2026, JD Airlines’ self-operated all-cargo fleet had 13 all-cargo airplanes in operation. Furthermore,
leveraging belly capacity resources, we continued to enhance the next-day delivery timeliness of air-shipped
parcels, with a strategic focus on direct shipments from fresh produce production zones. Our strengthening aviation
timeliness capabilities have accelerated our penetration into high-value sub-sectors.

In terms of express delivery services development, we continued to deepen our presence across multiple high-value
business scenarios. In the fresh produce delivery area, we continued to expand our geographic coverage and category
reach. Spanning seasonal fresh produce from all corners of the country — from peaches and loquats to blueberries,
bayberries, and pineapples — we continuously captured market share by refining our capabilities for breakthroughs
in emerging production zones and categories. In the specialized jewelry market in Shenzhen, Guangdong, we have
developed tailored solutions for high-value items with stringent security requirements. Specifically, we launched
dedicated vehicle direct routes to enable next-day delivery for core destinations, upgrading to “Special Security
Service (特安服務)” with customized professional protective packaging and full-process high-definition surveillance
alongside in-person verification and signature upon delivery. Thanks to these efforts, we have effectively controlled
loss and damage rates. In the individual parcel business, we expanded into multiple sub-scenarios. Taking certificate
and document delivery as an example, our services have covered dozens of cities nationwide, with operational
metrics such as on-time pickup rate maintaining industry leadership. We also comprehensively upgraded our
certificate and document delivery products, improving transit efficiency through independent pickup consolidation,
and equipped them with dedicated customer service and insured-value services. The sustained investment in and
deepening of these scenarios drove rapid business growth.

Furthermore, we continued to enrich our express delivery product portfolio and diversify our service scenarios. In
June 2026, we officially launched “JINGDONG Logistics Pet Delivery (京寵達)”, a dedicated pet delivery service,
opening up a brand-new market segment in pet shipping. Featuring “dedicated personnel and vehicles, and real-time
monitoring throughout the process”, this service enables high-timeliness inter-city pet delivery. Since its launch,
it has rapidly expanded to over 40 core cities nationwide, with improving service capabilities across specialized
scenarios such as inspection and quarantine.

While enriching our products and services, our timeliness network continued to extend to cover remote and plateau
regions. In the first half of 2026, the Aksu sorting center in Xinjiang was officially put into operation, enabling the
fastest “same-day delivery” of parcels in southern Xinjiang.

In terms of the freight delivery services, our freight delivery business, which includes Deppon Logistics and Kuayue
Express, ranks among the top tier in China in terms of scale, having built a rich product portfolio covering multiple
timeliness tiers and diverse scenarios. In the first half of 2026, we fully upgraded our freight delivery product system,
introducing three major heavy-cargo tiers: “Express, Standard, and Economic Freight (特快、標快、特惠)”. Seeking
more refined product segmentation, we achieved full coverage of high-frequency scenarios such as B2B heavy cargo
and e-commerce retail with more flexible and cost-effective options.

Logistics Technology
We regard technological innovation as the core driving force for long-term efficiency gains and profit improvement,
and are committed to advancing the deep integration of AI and automation across diverse scenarios. Drawing on
profound insights into end-to-end operational processes and product characteristics, we develop an intelligent
software and hardware portfolio tailored to diverse operational scenarios through self-developed core technologies,
steadily raising the adoption level of automation across all supply chain processes. In the first half of 2026, we
continued to comprehensively accelerate the application and integration of AI and automation. Leveraging the most
extensive operational scenarios and the most comprehensive operational chain in the industry, we are building an
industry-exclusive end-to-end intelligent operational system covering all stages, including warehousing, sorting,
transportation, and delivery, continuously reinforcing our long-term competitive moat.



8      JD Logistics, Inc.
                                                                                 CEO Statement (Continued)




In the warehousing stage, our self-developed LangzuTech Goods-to-Person (GTP) automated warehousing
solution has entered a new phase of nationwide replication and application. As of June 30, 2026, the LangzuTech
solution has been deployed in more than 30 warehouses across China, with its application footprint expanding to
additional cities and warehouses. Meanwhile, the range of product categories compatible with LangzuTech keeps
growing, extending from apparel to books, industrial goods, healthcare products and more, further enhancing its
cross-scenario adaptability and operational efficiency. While scaling domestic deployment, LangzuTech has also been
launched in the United Kingdom and Germany. It not only underpins the ultra-fast same-day delivery experience for
local operations, but also optimizes the cost structure of overseas operations via high-level automation, serving as a
key enabler for productivity improvement in our international business.

In the sorting stage, we have continued to upgrade our self-developed “LangzuTech Packer” embodied AI robotic
arm. Powered by the “Metabrain” large model, it integrates multi-modal sensor data to overcome challenges in
tracking, grasping, and placing parcels with complex shapes. In the second quarter of 2026, we completed the
upgrade of core force control technology, enabling refined, human-like cage-loading operations that significantly
improve the neatness and loading efficiency of cage trolleys. Currently, “LangzuTech Packer” operates on a 24/7
basis at multiple logistics parks and delivered robust throughput advantages during the 618 Grand Promotion.
Furthermore, “LangzuTech Packer” was selected for the “2025 Typical Cases of Artificial Intelligence Application”
list released by the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology, demonstrating JD Logistics’ large-scale practical
application in the field of physical AI.

In the transportation and delivery stage, thousands of unmanned vehicles have been deployed for regular operations
across more than 20 provinces in China. We have launched the first “night-time autonomous delivery” routes in
Shenzhen, enabling 24-hour uninterrupted vehicle operations. This effectively breaks the geographical and time
boundaries for unmanned vehicle operations while unlocking further efficiency potential in last-mile delivery.

In low-altitude logistics, our “LangzuTech Drone (飛狼無人機)” supports use cases including food and parcel delivery,
emergency medicine delivery and disaster relief, with over 100 domestic drone routes in operation. In June 2026,
we launched China’s largest rural drone delivery network in Zizhong, Sichuan Province, covering 78 administrative
villages. Deliveries can reach mountain villages in as short as seven minutes, providing solid support for building an
all-terrain, three-dimensional intelligent fulfillment network.

Supported by automation deployed across warehousing, sorting, transportation, delivery and other processes,
our logistics technology continues to drive simultaneous improvements in operational efficiency and customer
experience. In addition, in the first half of 2026, we further validated our capability to export self-developed
automation technologies to overseas customers. We partnered with a leading consumer electronics customer
to build a high-standard smart warehouse project in the Middle East, deploying our proprietary smart warehouse
systems and exporting automated operation capabilities alongside customized solutions to the customer. This marks
an upgrade of our supply chain capabilities from “operation” to “external technology export”.

As of June 30, 2026, JD Logistics had received authorization for nearly 6,000 patents and software copyrights,
among which more than 3,500 are related to automation technology and unmanned technology.

Logistics Infrastructure and Networks
We own six highly synergized networks, including our warehouse network, line-haul transportation network, last-mile
delivery network, bulky item logistics network, cold chain logistics network and cross-border logistics network.
Together, they constitute the cornerstone of our high-quality supply chain solutions and logistics services.




                                                                                            INTERIM REPORT 2026      9
CEO Statement (Continued)




Warehouse network
Our nationwide warehouse network is one of the largest in China and serves as a critical component of our
integrated supply chain solutions and logistics services. As of June 30, 2026, our warehouse network covered nearly
all counties and districts in China, consisting of over 1,800 self-operated warehouses and over 2,000 third-party
warehouse owner-operated cloud warehouses under our Open Warehouse Platform. Our warehouse network has
an aggregate gross floor area (“GFA”) of more than 36 million square meters, including warehouse space managed
through the Open Warehouse Platform. We continued to expand and optimize the coverage of our warehouse
network in lower-tier regions.

We harness the power of technology to enhance the operational efficiency of our warehouse network. One
notable example is our Asia No. 1 smart industrial parks, which also demonstrate our industry-leading technological
innovation capability and high technology standards. As of June 30, 2026, we operated 46 Asia No. 1 smart
industrial parks in 31 cities across China. In addition, we have established collaborations with numerous cloud
warehouses with continuously upgraded system capabilities and enhanced operational stability. This will help enrich
our integrated supply chain logistics product portfolio to facilitate more customers for their cost reductions and
efficiency improvements.

Line-haul transportation network
Our line-haul transportation network includes various modes of transportation, such as land, air, maritime, and
multi-modal transportation. By leveraging cutting-edge technologies such as algorithmic models, we evaluate the
cost, efficiency, and timeliness of various transportation modes. Additionally, we flexibly adjust our transportation
strategies based on real-time market dynamics and transportation demands, achieving intelligent management of
the end-to-end logistics chain and route optimization. As of June 30, 2026, we had a self-operated fleet of over
70,000 vehicles, with new energy vehicles deployed in multiple cities nationwide, extending our commitment to the
adoption of clean energy vehicles.

As of June 30, 2026, JD Airlines had 13 self-operated all-cargo airplanes in regular operation, and covered more
than 2,000 air cargo routes through cooperation with partners, building an air transportation system that efficiently
integrates self-operated capacity with external resources, providing more reliable timeliness assurance for global
customers.

In addition, as of June 30, 2026, we covered more than 700 railway routes through strategic partnerships, further
enhancing our multimodal transportation network and strengthening our integrated logistics service capabilities.
Beyond that, we actively developed waterway transportation, leveraging diversified transport resources to balance
cost-effectiveness and match different transportation needs.

Last-mile delivery network
Our last-mile delivery network primarily consists of our in-house delivery personnel, delivery stations, service outlets,
service stations and self-service lockers. Our self-operated last-mile delivery network, combined with the on-demand
delivery capacity network newly added in 2025, which forms efficient synergy with the express last-mile delivery
network, empowers us to build end-to-end integrated fulfillment capabilities and forge our competitive advantage in
full-chain service assurance and premium customer experience.

As of June 30, 2026, we employed nearly 500,000 in-house delivery and operation personnel, including full-time
delivery riders and operated over 19,000 delivery stations and service outlets, covering more than 300 prefecture-
level administrative regions in 33 provinces, autonomous regions, municipalities, and special administrative regions in
China. The vast majority of our delivery stations and service outlets are self-operated to ensure top-quality services.




10     JD Logistics, Inc.
                                                                                  CEO Statement (Continued)




In terms of our rural last-mile delivery network, we have consistently enhanced our rural network and last-mile
service system by increasing the number of service stations in rural areas and expanding delivery coverage. These
initiatives have improved rural delivery timeliness and provided strong support for the advancement of the national
rural revitalization strategy.

Bulky item logistics network
Our bulky item logistics network, comprised of to-warehouse transportation, inter-warehouse transfers, multi-level
warehouses, to-door delivery, value-added installation, and after-sales service capabilities, ensures that we provide a
compelling experience by offering one-stop delivery and installation services to consumers. As of June 30, 2026, we
had over 200 warehouses with bulky- and heavy-item storage capabilities and more than 200 sorting centers, with an
aggregate GFA of over 5 million square meters.

For lower-tier cities with growing e-commerce penetration, we leverage the resources of our network partners under
the Jing Dong Bang (京東幫) brand to expand our network coverage. As of June 30, 2026, we utilized approximately
1,800 bulky item delivery and installation stations under Jing Dong Bang (京東幫).

Cold chain logistics network
As of June 30, 2026, we operated more than 60 temperature-controlled cold storage warehouses designated
for fresh, frozen and refrigerated products with a GFA of over 400,000 square meters. We operated more than
60 warehouses designated for pharmaceuticals and medical devices with a GFA of over 600,000 square meters.

To meet the special requirements of cold chain transportation, we have enhanced the capabilities of our cold chain
network and implemented measures such as specialized packaging design and optimized solution for packaging
materials, while strengthening our delivery timeliness, to ensure the timely fulfillment and delivery of categories like
fresh produce and pharmaceuticals.

Cross-border logistics network
As of June 30, 2026, we operated over 200 bonded warehouses, international direct distribution warehouses and
overseas warehouses, covering an aggregate GFA of over 2 million square meters. Our overseas warehouses now
cover 26 countries and regions worldwide.

Leveraging our domestic warehousing operation experience, we have strategically developed our overseas
warehousing through our “Global Smart Supply Chain Network” plan, with overseas warehouses established
in countries and regions including the United States, the United Kingdom, France, Germany, the Netherlands,
Poland, Australia, the United Arab Emirates, Saudi Arabia, Japan, and Malaysia. Meanwhile, taking overseas
warehousing capabilities as the core, we continue to construct our comprehensive global supply chain logistics
network encompassing overseas local transportation and delivery networks, and cross-border line-haul transportation
networks to provide services to more customers.

Corporate Social Responsibility
JD Logistics remains firmly committed to fulfilling corporate social responsibilities. We continuously bolster the
development of our integrated supply chain network and drive the large-scale deployment of integrated supply chain
solutions, empowering high-quality and sustainable social development.

We have further enhanced our disaster response and emergency support capabilities, iterating and optimizing a
robust emergency logistics system featuring “integrated routine and emergency operations, intelligent scheduling,
full territorial coverage, and air-ground integrated deployment”. This system enables seamless data and information
connectivity, coordinated resource sharing, and centralized, efficient material allocation in all emergency scenarios.
Since the start of the 2026 flood season, regions across southern and northeastern China have been stricken by
successive extreme rainstorms and floods. In response, JD Group promptly activated its full emergency rescue



                                                                                             INTERIM REPORT 2026     11
CEO Statement (Continued)




protocols. Under the guidance of local governments at all levels, we set up special emergency response teams at
the earliest opportunity and donated daily necessities to affected areas. Drawing on JD Logistics’ comprehensive
supply chain advantages covering warehousing infrastructure, drones and ground transportation capacity, we
conducted material delivery, terrain surveying, epidemic prevention and disinfection operations, taking an active part
in emergency disaster relief and post-disaster recovery and reconstruction.

Driven by our unwavering commitment and unremitting efforts to create more jobs and make contributions to
society, JD Logistics’ total expenditure for human resources, including both our own employees and external
personnel who work for JD Logistics, amounted to RMB119.7 billion for the twelve months ended June 30, 2026.

Appreciation
On behalf of the Board, I would like to express my sincere gratitude to all our employees, customers and business
partners, as well as my heartfelt thanks to our Shareholders and stakeholders for their consistent support and trust.

Looking ahead, we will continue to strengthen our integrated supply chain logistics capabilities by solidifying our
logistics infrastructure, deepening the application and innovation of supply chain technologies, and enhancing our
business insights. Meanwhile, we will actively fulfill our social responsibilities. JD Logistics will remain committed
to undertaking substantive, valuable, and long-term actions. Guided by our mission of being “technology-driven”, we
will continue to focus on our core strength in integrated supply chain solutions. By actively embracing innovation and
deeply integrating with the real economy, we aim to further contribute to reducing social logistics costs, advancing
high-quality economic growth, and fostering sustainable development worldwide.




Zhenhui Wang
Executive Director and CEO
August 13, 2026




12    JD Logistics, Inc.
                     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


Six Months Ended June 30, 2026 Compared to Six Months Ended June 30, 2025
The following table sets forth the comparative figures for the six months ended June 30, 2026 and 2025, respectively:


                                                                                                              Unaudited
                                                                                                   Six months ended June 30,
                                                                                                              2026                     2025
                                                                                                        RMB’000                  RMB’000

Revenue                                                                                             124,683,247                98,531,786
Cost of revenue                                                                                     (113,616,785)             (89,665,491)

Gross profit                                                                                          11,066,462                 8,866,295
Selling and marketing expenses                                                                         (3,357,487)              (2,993,025)
Research and development expenses                                                                      (2,348,400)              (1,898,294)
General and administrative expenses                                                                    (2,177,341)              (1,805,170)
Impairment losses (including reversals of impairment losses)
  on financial assets                                                                                    (104,927)                  (56,835)
Others, net    (1)
                                                                                                          623,968                1,185,784

Profit before income tax                                                                                3,702,275                3,298,755
Income tax expense                                                                                       (431,429)                (339,598)

Profit for the period                                                                                   3,270,846                2,959,157

Profit for the period attributable to:
Owners of the Company                                                                                   3,292,301                2,579,653
Non-controlling interests                                                                                 (21,455)                 379,504

                                                                                                        3,270,846                2,959,157

Non-IFRS measures:
Non-IFRS profit for the period                                                                          3,696,160                3,339,048
Non-IFRS EBITDA for the period                                                                        11,019,003                 9,475,513


Note:


1.	Including “other income and gains/(losses), net”, “gains on disposal of industrial parks”, “finance income”, “finance costs”, and “share of
        results of associates and joint ventures”.




                                                                                                               INTERIM REPORT 2026         13
Management Discussion and Analysis (Continued)




Revenue
Given the central role of inventory management in the Group’s integrated supply chain solutions and logistics
services, customers of the Group are categorized based on whether such customers have utilized the Group’s
warehouse or inventory management related services. Customers are reviewed by the Group on a regular basis, and
customers who have utilized the Group’s warehouse or inventory management related services in the recent past
are classified as the Group’s integrated supply chain customers. The following table sets forth a breakdown of our
revenue by integrated supply chain customers and other customers, both in absolute amount and as a percentage of
our total revenue for the periods presented.


                                                                        Unaudited
                                                                Six months ended June 30,
                                                         2026                                  2025
                                                   RMB’000                 %             RMB’000                 %

Integrated supply chain customers                59,388,149              47.6          50,107,239              50.9
Other customers                                  65,295,098              52.4          48,424,547              49.1

Total                                           124,683,247             100.0          98,531,786             100.0


Revenue increased by 26.5% to RMB124.7 billion for the six months ended June 30, 2026, from RMB98.5 billion
for the same period of 2025. The increase in our total revenue was primarily driven by the increase in revenue from
integrated supply chain customers and the increase in revenue from other customers.


Revenue from integrated supply chain customers increased by 18.5% to RMB59.4 billion for the six months ended
June 30, 2026, from RMB50.1 billion for the same period of 2025. The increase in revenue from integrated supply
chain customers was primarily attributable to (i) the increase in revenue from JD Group, and (ii) the increase in
revenue from external integrated supply chain customers, with a year-over-year increase in the number of external
integrated supply chain customers and the ARPC. The number of our external integrated supply chain customers, who
have contributed to our revenue for the periods presented, increased to 79,314 for the six months ended June 30,
2026, from 73,713 for the same period of 2025. Meanwhile, our ARPC increased to RMB253,591 for the six months
ended June 30, 2026, from RMB239,399 for the same period of 2025. The simultaneous increases in both the
number of external integrated supply chain customers and the ARPC reflected strong customer endorsement, driven
by our continuously enhanced integrated supply chain capabilities, deepening collaborations, and growing stickiness.


Revenue from other customers increased by 34.8% to RMB65.3 billion for the six months ended June 30, 2026, from
RMB48.4 billion for the same period of 2025, primarily driven by the increase in on-demand delivery services and
express delivery and other services.




14      JD Logistics, Inc.
                                                                  Management Discussion and Analysis (Continued)




The following table sets forth a breakdown of revenue by (i) JD Group and (ii) external customers (including revenue
generated from third-party merchants on the online marketplace of JD Group), both in absolute amount and as a
percentage of our total revenue for the periods presented.


                                                                                               Unaudited
                                                                                   Six months ended June 30,
                                                                           2026                                              2025
                                                                   RMB’000                         %                RMB’000                          %

JD Group                                                        39,274,797                      31.5              32,460,440                      32.9
External customers(1)                                           85,408,450                      68.5              66,071,346                      67.1

Total                                                          124,683,247                    100.0               98,531,786                    100.0

Note:

(1)	In the second quarter of 2025, we began recruiting and managing full-time riders to participate in delivery services of JD Food Delivery. This
     initiative, coupled with the acquisition of the local on-demand delivery business in the fourth quarter of 2025, significantly expanded our footprint
     in the on-demand delivery sector and integrated full-time and crowdsourced capacities to enhance full-scenario service capabilities. Reflecting
     this strategic shift, since January 2026, we transitioned to providing on-demand delivery services directly to third-party merchants on JD Group’s
     platform. Previously, from the second through fourth quarters of 2025, these services were rendered to JD Group’s internal business segments,
     such as JD Food Delivery.


Cost of revenue
Cost of revenue increased by 26.7% to RMB113.6 billion for the six months ended June 30, 2026, from
RMB89.7 billion for the same period of 2025, which was in line with the growth of our revenue during the
corresponding period.


Employee benefit expenses for operational employees involved in warehouse management, sorting, picking,
packaging, shipping, delivery and customer services increased by 27.1% to RMB44.5 billion for the six months ended
June 30, 2026, from RMB35.0 billion for the same period of 2025, primarily driven by the full-period cost impact of
full-time riders for the six months ended June 30, 2026, which only partially affected the same period of 2025.


Outsourcing cost, mainly including costs charged by third-party transportation companies, express delivery companies
and other service providers for sorting, shipping, delivery and labor outsourcing services, increased by 35.6% to
RMB46.1 billion for the six months ended June 30, 2026, from RMB34.0 billion for the same period of 2025, primarily
driven by the acquisition of the local on-demand delivery business in the fourth quarter of 2025.


Rental cost, mainly including depreciation of right-of-use assets and leasing expenses for short-term leases, remained
relatively stable at RMB6.7 billion and RMB6.3 billion for the six months ended June 30, 2026 and for the same period
of 2025, respectively.


Vehicle cost, mainly including fuel cost and road and bridge tolls, increased by 14.9% to RMB6.1 billion for the
six months ended June 30, 2026, from RMB5.3 billion for the same period of 2025, primarily driven by the expansion
of our self-operated fleet of vehicles and rising fuel prices.


                                                                                                                       INTERIM REPORT 2026            15
Management Discussion and Analysis (Continued)




Depreciation of property and equipment and amortization of other intangible assets increased by 18.7% to
RMB2.6 billion for the six months ended June 30, 2026, from RMB2.2 billion for the same period of 2025, primarily
driven by the increase in logistics equipment and vehicles.


Other cost of revenue increased by 11.2% to RMB7.6 billion for the six months ended June 30, 2026, from
RMB6.9 billion for the same period of 2025, primarily driven by the increase in aviation operating expenses, cost
of packaging and other consumable materials, cost of logistics technology products and solutions, and water and
electricity expenses.


Gross profit and gross profit margin
As a result of the foregoing, our gross profit and gross profit margin for the six months ended June 30, 2026 was
RMB11.1 billion and 8.9%, respectively, compared to gross profit and gross profit margin of RMB8.9 billion and 9.0%
for the same period of 2025, respectively.


Selling and marketing expenses
Selling and marketing expenses increased by 12.2% to RMB3.4 billion for the six months ended June 30, 2026,
from RMB3.0 billion for the same period of 2025, primarily driven by the expansion of selling and marketing team to
promote our service offerings.


Research and development expenses
Research and development expenses increased by 23.7% to RMB2.3 billion for the six months ended June 30, 2026,
from RMB1.9 billion for the same period of 2025, primarily driven by our continuing investment in technology and
innovation.


General and administrative expenses
General and administrative expenses increased by 20.6% to RMB2.2 billion for the six months ended June 30, 2026,
from RMB1.8 billion for the same period of 2025, primarily driven by the increase in employee benefit expenses
including share-based payment expenses.


Profit for the period
We recorded a net profit of RMB3.3 billion for the six months ended June 30, 2026, compared to a net profit of
RMB3.0 billion for the same period of 2025.


Non-IFRS Measures
To supplement our consolidated results, which are presented in accordance with IFRSs, we also use non-IFRS
operating profit, non-IFRS profit and non-IFRS EBITDA as additional financial measures, which are not required by, or
presented in accordance with IFRSs. We believe these non-IFRS measures facilitate comparisons of core operating
performance from period to period and from company to company by eliminating potential impacts of items which our
management considers non-indicative of our core operating performance.




16     JD Logistics, Inc.
                                                                  Management Discussion and Analysis (Continued)




We believe these non-IFRS measures provide useful information to investors and others in understanding and
evaluating our results of operations in the same manner as they help our management. However, our presentation
of non-IFRS measures may not be comparable to similarly titled measures presented by other companies. The use of
non-IFRS measures has limitations as an analytical tool, and you should not consider them in isolation from, or as a
substitute for an analysis of, our results of operations or financial condition as reported under IFRSs.

We define “non-IFRS operating profit” as operating profit excluding share-based payment expenses and amortization
of intangible assets resulting from acquisitions. We define “non-IFRS profit” and “non-IFRS EBITDA” as profit for the
period, adjusted by excluding certain reconciling items as detailed in the reconciliation tables below.

The following table reconciles the most directly comparable financial measures, which are profit calculated and
presented in accordance with IFRSs, to the non-IFRS profit for the periods presented:

                                                                                                                Unaudited
                                                                                                      Six months ended June 30,
                                                                                                                2026                   2025
                                                                                                  (RMB in thousands, except for percentages)

Reconciliation of profit to non-IFRS profit:
Profit for the period                                                                                        3,270,846                2,959,157
Adjusted for:
Share-based payment expenses                                                                                   267,571                   170,720
Amortization of intangible assets resulting from acquisitions                (1)
                                                                                                               246,846                   283,658
Fair value changes of financial assets at fair value through profit or loss               (2)
                                                                                                                (61,671)                    9,321
Gains on disposal of industrial parks          (3)
                                                                                                                       —                 (31,499)
Income tax effects of non-IFRS adjustments                                                                      (27,432)                 (52,309)

Non-IFRS profit for the period                                                                               3,696,160                3,339,048

Non-IFRS profit/(loss) for the period attributable to:
Owners of the Company                                                                                        3,712,546                2,901,170
Non-controlling interests                                                                                       (16,386)                 437,878

                                                                                                             3,696,160                3,339,048

Non-IFRS profit margin for the period(4)                                                                           3.0%                     3.4%


Notes:

(1)	Represents the amortization expenses of other intangible assets acquired in business combinations with finite useful lives, which are recognized
     on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful lives.

(2)	Represents gains or losses from fair value changes on equity investments measured at fair value. Multiple valuation techniques and key inputs
     are used to determine the fair values of these investments.

(3)	Represents gains generated from the disposal of certain industrial parks held by the Group. We exclude this reconciling item as it is
     non-recurring and non-indicative of our core operating performance.

(4)      Represents non-IFRS profit divided by revenue for the periods presented.

                                                                                                                    INTERIM REPORT 2026          17
Management Discussion and Analysis (Continued)




The following table reconciles the most directly comparable financial measures, which are profit calculated and
presented in accordance with IFRSs, to the non-IFRS EBITDA for the periods presented:


                                                                                                                  Unaudited
                                                                                                       Six months ended June 30,
                                                                                                                  2026                      2025
                                                                                                 (RMB in thousands, except for percentages)

Reconciliation of profit to non-IFRS EBITDA:
Profit for the period                                                                                       3,270,846                2,959,157
Adjusted for:
Share-based payment expenses                                                                                  267,571                   170,720
Fair value changes of financial assets at fair value through profit or loss(1)                                 (61,671)                    9,321
Depreciation and amortization         (2)
                                                                                                            6,906,497                6,278,190
Gains on disposal of industrial parks        (3)
                                                                                                                      —                 (31,499)
Finance income                                                                                               (295,470)                 (685,625)
Finance costs                                                                                                 499,801                   435,651
Income tax expense                                                                                            431,429                   339,598

Non-IFRS EBITDA for the period                                                                            11,019,003                 9,475,513


Non-IFRS EBITDA margin for the period(4)                                                                          8.8%                     9.6%


Notes:

(1)	Represents gains or losses from fair value changes on equity investments measured at fair value. Multiple valuation techniques and key inputs
     are used to determine the fair values of these investments.

(2)	Includes depreciation of right-of-use assets, depreciation of property and equipment, depreciation of investment properties and amortization of
     other intangible assets.

(3)	Represents gains generated from the disposal of certain industrial parks held by the Group. We exclude this reconciling item as it is
      non-recurring and non-indicative of our core operating performance.


(4)      Represents non-IFRS EBITDA divided by revenue for the periods presented.


Liquidity and Free Cash Flow
For the six months ended June 30, 2026, we funded our cash requirements principally from cash generated from
operating activities.


Our cash resources include cash and cash equivalents, term deposits, wealth management products classified as
financial assets at fair value through profit or loss, treasury investments at amortized cost included in “prepayments,
other receivables and other assets”, and restricted cash. As of June 30, 2026, the aggregate amount of cash
resources of the Group was RMB38.2 billion.

18        JD Logistics, Inc.
                                                      Management Discussion and Analysis (Continued)




The following table sets forth our cash flows for the periods indicated:


                                                                                                Unaudited
                                                                                       Six months ended June 30,
                                                                                                2026                   2025
                                                                                            RMB’000              RMB’000

Net cash generated from operating activities                                               6,379,053            6,568,722
Net cash generated from/(used in) investing activities                                       931,643            (7,324,796)
Net cash used in financing activities                                                     (9,208,022)           (7,759,491)

Net decrease in cash and cash equivalents                                                 (1,897,326)           (8,515,565)
Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the period                                  18,117,910           25,811,757
Effects of foreign exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents                       (459,809)               21,574

Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the period                                        15,760,775           17,317,766



For the six months ended June 30, 2026, the Group had free cash outflow of RMB0.6 billion, compared to a free cash
inflow of RMB0.3 billion for the same period of 2025. This was a result of net cash generated from operating activities
of RMB6.4 billion, less payments for capital expenditures net of related proceeds from disposals of RMB2.9 billion
and payments relating to leases of RMB4.1 billion.


Net cash generated from operating activities
For the six months ended June 30, 2026, net cash generated from operating activities was RMB6.4 billion. Our cash
generated from operations was primarily attributable to our net profit of RMB3.3 billion, as adjusted by (i) non-cash
and non-operating items, which primarily consist of depreciation of right-of-use assets of RMB4.0 billion, and
depreciation of property and equipment of RMB2.7 billion, partially offset by (ii) changes in working capital, which
primarily resulted from an increase in trade receivables of RMB2.3 billion, and a decrease in accrued expenses, other
payables and other non-current liabilities of RMB1.0 billion.


For the six months ended June 30, 2025, net cash generated from operating activities was RMB6.6 billion. Our cash
generated from operations was primarily attributable to our net profit of RMB3.0 billion, as adjusted by (i) non-cash
and non-operating items, which primarily consist of depreciation of right-of-use assets of RMB3.7 billion, and
depreciation of property and equipment of RMB2.3 billion, partially offset by (ii) changes in working capital, which
primarily resulted from an increase in trade receivables of RMB1.9 billion.


Net cash generated from/(used in) investing activities
For the six months ended June 30, 2026, net cash generated from investing activities was RMB0.9 billion, which was
primarily attributable to maturity of financial assets at fair value through profit or loss of RMB7.4 billion and maturity of
term deposits and treasury investments at amortized cost of RMB2.8 billion, partially offset by purchases of financial
assets at fair value through profit or loss of RMB4.2 billion, capital expenditures net of related proceeds from disposals
of RMB2.9 billion and purchases of term deposits and treasury investments at amortized cost of RMB2.1 billion.

                                                                                                 INTERIM REPORT 2026      19
Management Discussion and Analysis (Continued)




For the six months ended June 30, 2025, net cash used in investing activities was RMB7.3 billion, which was
primarily attributable to purchases of financial assets at fair value through profit or loss of RMB11.0 billion, and capital
expenditures net of related proceeds from disposals of RMB2.4 billion, partially offset by maturity of term deposits
and treasury investments at amortized cost of RMB3.6 billion and maturity of financial assets at fair value through
profit or loss of RMB3.0 billion.


Net cash used in financing activities
For the six months ended June 30, 2026, net cash used in financing activities was RMB9.2 billion, which was
primarily attributable to acquisition of partial interests of subsidiaries and payments for deferred consideration of
RMB5.4 billion, repayments of borrowings of RMB4.9 billion, principal portion of lease payments of RMB3.6 billion
and repurchase of ordinary shares of RMB0.6 billion, partially offset by proceeds from borrowings of RMB5.7 billion.


For the six months ended June 30, 2025, net cash used in financing activities was RMB7.8 billion, which was
primarily attributable to repayments of borrowings of RMB4.5 billion, principal portion of lease payments of
RMB3.4 billion, and acquisition of partial interests of subsidiaries and payments for deferred consideration of RMB2.7
billion, partially offset by proceeds from borrowings of RMB3.2 billion.


Gearing Ratio
As of June 30, 2026, our gearing ratio, calculated as total borrowings divided by total equity attributable to owners of
the Company, was approximately 9.1%.


Updates on Major Connected Acquisition of Kuayue-Express
Reference is made to the announcement of the Company dated December 6, 2024 and the circular of the Company
dated March 18, 2025 (the “Kuayue Circular”). Unless otherwise defined herein, the capitalized terms used herein
shall have the same meaning as defined in the Kuayue Circular.


On December 6, 2024, the Purchaser and the Vendors entered into the Equity Transfer Agreement, pursuant to
which the Purchaser conditionally agreed to purchase, and the Vendors conditionally agreed to sell, an aggregate of
approximately 36.43% equity interest in Kuayue Express at the total consideration of not more than approximately
RMB6.5 billion subject to adjustments as set out in the said agreement. After the Third Phase Completion, the Group
will hold 100% equity interest in Kuayue Express.


The First Phase Completion (involving approximately 16.43% equity interest in Kuayue Express) had taken place
on June 11, 2025. On July 31, 2025, the business registration of transferring approximately 10% equity interest in
Kuayue Express to the Purchaser as set out in the Second Phase Acquisition had been completed. In April 2026, the
Second Phase Completion was finalized, with the Second Phase Base Consideration and the Second Phase Earn
Out Immediate Amount settled.


Material Acquisitions and/or Disposals of Subsidiaries and Affiliated Companies
Save as disclosed in this report, the Group did not have any other material acquisitions and/or disposals of subsidiaries
and affiliated companies for the six months ended June 30, 2026.




20     JD Logistics, Inc.
                                                    Management Discussion and Analysis (Continued)




Significant Investments Held
Save as disclosed above, the Group did not make any other significant investments (including any investment in an
investee company with a value of 5% or more of the Group’s total assets as of June 30, 2026) during the six months
ended June 30, 2026.


Future Plans for Material Investments and Capital Assets
Save as disclosed above, as of June 30, 2026, we did not have any plans for material investments and capital assets.


Employee and Remuneration Policy
The following table sets forth the number of our employees categorized by function as of June 30, 2026.


Function                                                                             Number of staff         % of total

Operations                                                                                    610,657               95.8
Sales and marketing                                                                            14,677                2.3
Research and development                                                                        5,158                0.8
General and administrative                                                                      6,914                1.1

Total                                                                                         637,406             100.0



As required by laws and regulations in the PRC, we participate in various employee social security plans that are
organized by municipal and provincial governments, including, among other things, pension, medical insurance,
unemployment insurance, maternity insurance, on-the-job injury insurance and housing fund plans through a PRC
government-mandated benefit contribution plan. We are required under PRC law to make contributions to employee
benefit plans at specified percentages of the salaries, bonuses and certain allowances of our staff, up to a maximum
amount specified by the local government from time to time.


The Company also has a pre-IPO employee share incentive plan, a post-IPO share option scheme and a post-IPO
share award scheme.


The total employee benefit expenses, including share-based payment expenses, were RMB49.8 billion for the
six months ended June 30, 2026, as compared to RMB39.2 billion for the same period of 2025, representing a
year-over-year increase of 27.0%.


Foreign Exchange Risk
We conduct our businesses mainly in RMB, with certain transactions denominated in USD, and, to a lesser extent,
other currencies. Foreign exchange risk arises when future commercial transactions or recognized financial assets
and liabilities are denominated in a currency that is not the respective functional currency of our entities. In addition,
we have intra-group balances with several subsidiaries denominated in foreign currencies which also expose us to
foreign currency risk. The Group monitors the exposure to foreign exchange risk and considers hedging certain foreign
currency risks with derivative financial instruments should the need arise.


                                                                                              INTERIM REPORT 2026      21
Management Discussion and Analysis (Continued)




Pledge of Assets
As of June 30, 2026, restricted cash of RMB0.5 billion was pledged.


Contingent Liabilities
As of June 30, 2026, we did not have any material contingent liabilities or guarantees.


Borrowings
As of June 30, 2026, our outstanding borrowings amounted to RMB5.2 billion.


Significant Events after June 30, 2026
Save as disclosed in this report and as at the date of this report, there were no other significant events that might
affect the Group since June 30, 2026.




22    JD Logistics, Inc.
                                                                                      OTHER INFORMATION


Directors’ and Chief Executives’ Interests and Short Positions in Shares and
Underlying Shares and Debentures of the Company or any of its Associated
Corporations
As of June 30, 2026, the interests and short positions of the Directors and chief executives in the shares, underlying
shares and debentures of the Company or its associated corporations within the meaning of Part XV of the SFO, as
recorded in the register maintained by the Company pursuant to Section 352 of the SFO or as otherwise notified to
the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to the Model Code were as follows:


Interests in the Company

                                                                                                                                      Approximate
                                                                                                               Number of               percentage
Name of Directors                                       Nature of interest                                        Shares               of holding(1)

Zhenhui Wang (王振輝)                                      Beneficial owner(2)                                   4,051,268(L)                     0.06%
Richard Qiangdong Liu (劉強東)                             Beneficial owner(3); Interest in a              4,424,907,441(L)                      66.27%
                                                           controlled corporation(4)
Nora Gu Yi Wu (顧宜)                                      Beneficial owner(5)                                     110,821(L)                     0.00%

Christina Gaw (吳燕安)                                     Beneficial owner(6); Interest in a                      892,514(L)                     0.01%
                                                           controlled corporation(6)
Laura J. Peterson                                       Beneficial owner(7)                                       68,613(L)                    0.00%
Xiande Zhao (趙先德)                                       Beneficial owner(8)                                     106,319(L)                     0.00%
Yang Zhang (張揚)                                         Beneficial owner      (9)
                                                                                                                  61,887(L)                    0.00%
Lin Ye (葉林)                                             Beneficial owner(10)                                      96,525(L)                    0.00%
Yi Hoi Tang (鄧以海)                                       Beneficial owner(11)                                      59,415(L)                    0.00%


Notes:

1.       The percentages are calculated on the basis of 6,676,981,772 Shares in issue as of June 30, 2026.


2.       Includes Mr. Zhenhui Wang (王振輝)’s entitlement to receive up to 2,886,650 Shares pursuant to the vesting of the Award Shares granted to him
         under the Post-IPO Share Award Scheme, subject to the conditions (including vesting conditions) of those Award Shares.


3.       Includes Mr. Richard Qiangdong Liu (劉強東)’s entitlement to receive up to (a) 16,531,120 Shares pursuant to the exercise of options granted to
         him under the Pre-IPO ESOP, subject to the conditions (including vesting conditions) of those options; and (b) 133,449,636 Shares pursuant to the
         vesting of the Award Shares granted to him under the Post-IPO Share Award Scheme, subject to the conditions (including vesting conditions) of
         those Award Shares.


4.       Jingdong Technology Group Corporation, which holds 4,192,271,100 Shares, is wholly-owned by JD.com. As of June 30, 2026, Mr. Richard
         Qiangdong Liu is interested in approximately 73.4% of the voting rights in JD.com through shares capable of being exercised on resolutions in
         general meetings, further details of which are set out in the section headed “Relationship with our Controlling Shareholders” in the Prospectus.


5.       Includes Ms. Nora Gu Yi Wu (顧宜)’s entitlement to receive up to 29,654 Shares pursuant to the vesting of the Award Shares granted to her
         under the Post-IPO Share Award Scheme, subject to the conditions (including vesting conditions) of those Award Shares.

                                                                                                                        INTERIM REPORT 2026           23
Other Information (Continued)




6.    Includes (a) Ms. Christina Gaw (吳燕安)’s entitlement to receive up to 41,676 Shares pursuant to the vesting of the Award Shares granted to her
      under the Post-IPO Share Award Scheme, subject to the conditions (including vesting conditions) of those Award Shares; and (b) 750,000 Shares
      held by Eternity Rich Investments Ltd., which is in turn wholly-owned by Ms. Christina Gaw (吳燕安).


7.    Includes Ms. Laura J. Peterson’s entitlement to receive up to 68,613 Shares pursuant to the vesting of the Award Shares granted to her under
      the Post-IPO Share Award Scheme, subject to the conditions (including vesting conditions) of those Award Shares.


8.    Includes Dr. Xiande Zhao (趙先德)’s entitlement to receive up to 41,258 Shares pursuant to the vesting of the Award Shares granted to him
      under the Post-IPO Share Award Scheme, subject to the conditions (including vesting conditions) of those Award Shares.


9.    Includes Mr. Yang Zhang (張揚)’s entitlement to receive up to 41,258 Shares pursuant to the vesting of the Award Shares granted to him under
      the Post-IPO Share Award Scheme, subject to the conditions (including vesting conditions) of those Award Shares.


10.   Includes Dr. Lin Ye (葉林)’s entitlement to receive up to 32,175 Shares pursuant to the vesting of the Award Shares granted to him under the
      Post-IPO Share Award Scheme, subject to the conditions (including vesting conditions) of those Award Shares.


11.   Includes Mr. Yi Hoi Tang (鄧以海)’s entitlement to receive up to 59,415 Shares pursuant to the vesting of the Award Shares granted to him under
      the Post-IPO Share Award Scheme, subject to the conditions (including vesting conditions) of those Award Shares.


12.   (L) denotes a long position in the Shares.


Interests in the Underlying Shares of Associated Corporations of the Company
The Company has been granted (i) a certificate of exemption from strict compliance with Part XV of the SFO (other
than Divisions 5, 11 and 12 of Part XV of the SFO) to the Directors or chief executives of the Company who is/are
also a director or chief executive of JD.com (the “Common Directors/Chief Executives”) with respect to their
disclosure of interest, and short positions, in any shares in JD.com and associated corporations of the Company
which are subsidiaries of JD.com (“Associated Corporations”), and (ii) a waiver from strict compliance with Practice
Note 5 and paragraphs 41(4) and 45 of Part A of Appendix 1 (currently Appendix D1A) to the Listing Rules such that
the Common Directors/Chief Executives will not be required to disclose their interests and short positions in any
shares or underlying shares in the Associated Corporations in accordance with Part XV of the SFO (collectively, the
“DI Waivers”). Further details regarding the waiver and exemption in relation to disclosure of interests information
(including the conditions of such waiver and exemption) are set out in the section headed “Waivers from strict
compliance with the Listing Rules and exemptions from the Companies (Winding Up and Miscellaneous Provisions)
Ordinance — Waiver and exemption in relation to disclosure of interests information” in the Prospectus.


Except as specifically noted, the following table sets forth the Directors’ or chief executives’ beneficial ownership of
JD.com’s Class A ordinary shares and Class B ordinary shares as of June 30, 2026.


The calculations in the table below are based on 2,694,303,539 ordinary shares of JD.com outstanding as of June 30, 2026.


Beneficial ownership is determined in accordance with the rules and regulations of the U.S. SEC. In computing the
number of shares beneficially owned by a person and the percentage ownership and voting power percentage of that
person, JD.com has included shares and associated votes that the person has the right to acquire within 60 days,
including through the exercise of any option, warrant or other right or the conversion of any other security. These




24     JD Logistics, Inc.
                                                                                                      Other Information (Continued)




shares and associated votes, however, are not included in the computation of the percentage ownership of any other
person. Ordinary shares held by a shareholder are determined in accordance with JD.com’s register of members.


                                                                                 Ordinary shares beneficially owned*
                                                                                                                                                % of
                                                              Class A             Class B               Total                % of         aggregate
                                                             ordinary            ordinary           ordinary           beneficial             voting
Name of Director                                               shares              shares              shares        ownership               power#

Richard Qiangdong Liu (劉強東)                                42,974,550(1)     305,630,780(1)      348,605,330(1)              12.9(1)             73.4(2)(3)


Notes:

*        Beneficial ownership information disclosed herein represents direct and indirect holdings of entities owned, controlled or otherwise affiliated
         with the applicable holder as determined in accordance with the rules and regulations of the U.S. SEC.

#        For each person and group included in this column, percentage of voting power is calculated by dividing the voting power beneficially owned by
         such person or group by the voting power of all of the Class A ordinary shares and Class B ordinary shares as a single class.

1.       Represents (i) 11,487,275 ADSs (each representing two Class A ordinary shares), representing 22,974,550 Class A ordinary shares, held by Max
         Smart Limited; (ii) 20,000,000 Class A ordinary shares that Mr. Richard Qiangdong Liu (劉強東) had the right to acquire upon exercise of options
         or vesting of RSUs that had vested by or shall have become vested within 60 days after June 30, 2026; and (iii) 305,630,780 Class B ordinary
         shares directly held by Max Smart Limited. Max Smart Limited is a British Virgin Islands company beneficially owned by The Max Smart Trust.
         Mr. Richard Qiangdong Liu (劉強東) is the settlor of the trust whose beneficiaries are Mr. Richard Qiangdong Liu (劉強東)’s family. These shares
         do not include 16,065,860 Class B ordinary shares held by Fortune Rising Holdings Limited, a British Virgin Islands company, as described in
         note (2) below.

2.       The aggregate voting power includes the voting power with respect to the 16,065,860 Class B ordinary shares held by Fortune Rising Holdings
         Limited. Mr. Richard Qiangdong Liu (劉強東) is the sole shareholder and the sole director of Fortune Rising Holdings Limited and he may be
         deemed to exercise the voting power with respect to all of the ordinary shares held by Fortune Rising Holdings Limited in accordance with the
         rules and regulations of the U.S. SEC, notwithstanding the facts described in note (3) below.

3.       Fortune Rising Holdings Limited holds the 16,065,860 Class B ordinary shares for the purpose of transferring such shares to the plan participants
         under JD.com’s share incentive plan, and administers the awards and acts according to JD.com’s instruction. Fortune Rising Holdings Limited
         exercises the voting power with respect to these shares according to JD.com’s instruction. Fortune Rising Holdings Limited is a company
         incorporated in BVI. Mr. Richard Qiangdong Liu (劉強東) is the sole shareholder and the sole director of Fortune Rising Holdings Limited.




                                                                                                                        INTERIM REPORT 2026            25
Other Information (Continued)




The following table lists out the interests of Directors or chief executives (who are not entitled to the DI Waivers) in
JD.com, JD Health and JD Industrials (JD Health and JD Industrials are associated corporations of the Company that
is also subsidiaries of JD.com (i.e. a fellow subsidiaries)), as of June 30, 2026:

                                                                                                                       Number
                                                                                                                     of shares/           Interest in
                                                                                                                    underlying           associated
Name of Directors                     Associated corporation              Nature of Interest                              shares        corporation

Zhenhui Wang (王振輝)                    JD.com                              Beneficial owner                             83,494(L)               0.00%
Christina Gaw (吳燕安)                   JD Health                           Beneficial owner                             29,450(L)               0.00%
Richard Qiangdong Liu                 JD Health                           Interest in controlled             2,248,871,332(L)                 70.03%
     (劉強東)                                                                   corporation ;  (1)


                                                                             Beneficial owner(2)
Richard Qiangdong Liu                 JD Industrials                      Interest in controlled             2,089,152,798(L)                 76.90%
     (劉強東)                                                                   corporation(3);
                                                                             Founder of a
                                                                             discretionary trust(3);
                                                                             Beneficial owner(3)


Notes:

1.       JD Jiankang Limited, which holds 2,149,253,732 shares of JD Health, is wholly-owned by JD.com. As of June 30, 2026, Mr. Richard Qiangdong
         Liu (劉強東) is interested in approximately 73.4% of the voting rights in JD.com through shares capable of being exercised on resolutions in
         general meetings.

2.       Includes Mr. Richard Qiangdong Liu’s (劉強東) entitlement to receive up to (a) 8,840,421 shares of JD Health pursuant to the exercise of options
         granted to him, subject to the conditions (including vesting conditions) of those options; and (b) 64,215,503 shares of JD Health pursuant to the
         vesting of awards granted to him, subject to the conditions (including vesting conditions) of those awards.

3.       These interests comprise of (i) 1,906,574,307 shares of JD Industrials directly held by JD Industrial Technology Limited which is wholly-owned
         by JD.com; (ii) 90,629,636 shares of JD Industrials held through Max I&P Limited, a British Virgin Islands company beneficially owned by The
         Max Smart Trust (Mr. Richard Qiangdong Liu (劉強東) is the sole director of Max I&P Limited and the settlor of The Max Smart Trust), for the
         shares awards already vested to him; (iii) 17,615,827 shares of JD Industrials directly held by JD Industrial Technology LLC, the only common
         unit of which is held by JD Industrial Technology Limited; (iv) 20,032,020 shares of JD Industrials directly held by Magical Brush Limited which
         was wholly-owned by a limited liability partnership which, in turn, was held as to approximately 44.9% by another subsidiary of JD.com; and
         (v) Mr. Richard Qiangdong Liu (劉強東)’s entitlement to receive up to 54,301,008 shares of JD Industrials pursuant to the vesting of awards
         granted to him, subject to the conditions (including vesting conditions) of those awards. As of June 30, 2026, Mr. Richard Qiangdong Liu (劉強東)
         is interested in approximately 73.4% of the voting rights in JD.com through shares capable of being exercised on resolutions in general meetings.

4.       (L) denotes a long position in the Shares.


Save as disclosed above, as of June 30, 2026, none of the Directors and chief executives of the Company has any
interest or short position in the shares, underlying shares or debentures of the Company or any of its associated
corporations (within the meaning of Part XV of the SFO) as recorded in the register required to be kept by the
Company pursuant to Section 352 of the SFO, or as otherwise notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange
pursuant to Model Code.



26        JD Logistics, Inc.
                                                                                                      Other Information (Continued)




Substantial Shareholders’ Interests and Short Positions in Shares and Underlying
Shares
As of June 30, 2026, the persons other than the Directors, whose interests have been disclosed in this interim report,
had an interest or short position in the Shares and underlying Shares of the Company as recorded in the register
required to be kept by the Company, pursuant to Section 336 of the SFO, were as follows:


                                                                                                             Number of             Approximate %
Name of Shareholders                             Nature of interest                                             Shares                of holding(1)

Jingdong Technology Group                        Beneficial owner                                     4,192,271,100(L)                           62.79
  Corporation(2)

JD.com(2)                                        Interest in controlled corporation                   4,192,271,100(L)                           62.79
TCT (BVI) Limited       (3)
                                                 Trustee                                                 490,689,569(L)                            7.35
The Core Trust Company Limited(3) Trustee                                                                490,689,569(L)                            7.35



Notes:

1.       The percentages are calculated on the basis of 6,676,981,772 Shares in issue as of June 30, 2026.

2.       Jingdong Technology Group Corporation is wholly-owned by JD.com. Under the SFO, JD.com is deemed to be interested in and control the
         4,192,271,100 Shares held by Jingdong Technology Group Corporation.

3.       The Core Trust Company Limited, as a trustee, holds 490,689,569 Shares on trust under certain share incentive scheme of the Company
         through Perfect Match Limited, Jungle Den Limited, Jazz Dream Limited and Mille Stelle Limited (“Nominees”), respectively. The Nominees are
         wholly-owned by TCT (BVI) Limited, which is in turn wholly-owned by The Core Trust Company Limited.

4.       (L) denotes a long position in the Shares.

5.       Pursuant to Section 336 of the SFO, if certain conditions are met, the Shareholders are required to submit a disclosure of interest notice. In the
         event of changes in the shareholding of the Shareholders in the Company, the Shareholders will not be required to notify the Company and the
         Stock Exchange unless certain conditions are met. Therefore, the latest shareholding of the Shareholders in the Company may be different from
         the shareholding submitted to the Stock Exchange.


Save as disclosed herein, as of June 30, 2026, no person, other than the Directors whose interests are set out in this
interim report, had any interests or short positions in the Shares or underlying Shares of the Company as recorded in
the register required to be kept by the Company pursuant to Section 336 of the SFO.


Share Schemes
The Company has three existing share schemes, namely the Pre-IPO ESOP, the Post-IPO Share Option Scheme and
the Post-IPO Share Award Scheme, which were all adopted before the effective date of the amendments to the
Chapter 17 of the Listing Rules on January 1, 2023. The Company has complied and will continue to comply with the
new Chapter 17 to the extent required by the transitional arrangements for the existing share schemes.




                                                                                                                         INTERIM REPORT 2026           27
Other Information (Continued)




5,738,538 new Shares, representing approximately 0.09% of the weighted average of issued share capital of the
Company, were issued or may be issued in respect of all options and awards granted during the Reporting Period to
eligible participants pursuant to the Post-IPO Share Option Scheme and the Post-IPO Share Award Scheme.


Further details and relevant breakdowns of each of the share schemes are set out below:


Pre-IPO ESOP
Summary of the Pre-IPO ESOP is set out in the section headed “Statutory and General Information — Share Incentive
Plan” of Appendix IV to the Prospectus.


Details of the outstanding options granted under the Pre-IPO ESOP (to be satisfied by existing Shares) for the
Reporting Period are as follows:

                                                                                                                                                                             Weighted
                                                                                                                                                                               average
                                                                                                                                                                          closing price
                                                                                                                                                                             of Shares
                                                                                                                                                                          immediately
                                                                                                                                                                            before the
                                                                                                                                                                       date of exercise
                                                                                               Outstanding   Exercised    Cancelled                                         during the
                                                                              Exercise price         as of   during the   during the         Lapsed     Outstanding          Reporting
                                                                                      (USD      January 1,   Reporting    Reporting       during the           as of            Period
Name                 Role              Date of grant      Vesting period(1)      per Share)          2026       Period       Period Reporting Period   June 30, 2026             (HKD)


Director

Richard Qiangdong    Non-executive     October 15, 2020   1 to 6 years                 0.01     16,531,120           —            —               —       16,531,120               N/A
  Liu (劉強東)          Director and
                     chairman of the
                     Board

Other grantees in                      April 1, 2018 to   0.5 to 12.3 years            0.01     47,987,898    8,059,478     129,210          894,780      38,904,430             13.07
  aggregate                            April 1, 2021


Total                                                                                           64,519,018    8,059,478     129,210          894,780      55,435,550



Note:

1.         The exercise period of the options granted under the Pre-IPO ESOP shall commence from the date on which the relevant options become
           vested and end on the 10th anniversary of the grant date or as extended with the approval of the Board and/or the Scheme Administrator in
           accordance with the rules of the Pre-IPO ESOP, subject to the terms of the Pre-IPO ESOP and the share option award agreement signed by
           the grantee.




28            JD Logistics, Inc.
                                                                              Other Information (Continued)




Post-IPO Share Option Scheme
Maximum number of Shares available for grant
The total number of Shares which may be issued upon exercise of all options to be granted under the Post-IPO Share
Option Scheme and any other schemes is 609,160,767 Shares, being no more than 10% of the Shares in issue on
the Listing Date (the “Option Scheme Mandate Limit”) (excluding any Shares which may be issued pursuant to
the exercise of the Over-allotment Option and the shares to be issued under the Pre-IPO ESOP and grants under the
Post-IPO Share Award Scheme). Options which have lapsed in accordance with the terms of the rules of the Post-IPO
Share Option Scheme (or any other share option schemes of the Company) shall not be counted for the purpose
of calculating the Option Scheme Mandate Limit. No options had been granted, agreed to be granted, exercised,
cancelled or lapsed pursuant to the Post-IPO Share Option Scheme since its adoption and therefore, as of January 1,
2026 and June 30, 2026, the total number of Shares available for grant under the Post-IPO Share Option Scheme was
609,160,767 Shares and 609,160,767 Shares, respectively.


Further details of the Post-IPO Share Option Scheme are set out in the section headed “Statutory and General
Information — Share Incentive Plan” of Appendix IV to the Prospectus.


Post-IPO Share Award Scheme
Maximum number of Award Shares (either to be satisfied by new Shares or existing Shares) available for
grant
The aggregate number of Award Shares granted and to be granted under the Post-IPO Share Award Scheme
(excluding Award Shares which have been forfeited in accordance with the Post-IPO Share Award Scheme) will not
exceed 609,160,767 Shares without Shareholders’ approval (the “Post-IPO Share Award Scheme Limit”) subject to
an annual limit of 3% of the total number of issued Shares at the relevant time.


At the beginning of the Reporting Period, 446,612,031 Award Shares were available for grant under the Post-IPO
Share Award Scheme. As of June 30, 2026, 313,804,163 Award Shares were available for grant under the Post-IPO
Share Award Scheme.


Maximum number of new Shares available for issue
The total number of new Shares issued and may be issued pursuant to the Post-IPO Share Award Scheme
will not exceed 609,160,767 Shares, representing 10% of the Company’s issued share capital upon listing
(the “Scheme Mandate”).


As of January 1, 2026, 232,260,767 new Shares were available for issue under the Scheme Mandate. During the
Reporting Period, 20,200,000 new Shares were issued pursuant to the Post-IPO Share Award Scheme. As of
June 30, 2026, 212,060,767 new Shares were available for issue under the Scheme Mandate.


Further details of the Post-IPO Share Award Scheme are set out in the section headed “Statutory and General
Information — Share Incentive Plan” of Appendix IV to the Prospectus.




                                                                                         INTERIM REPORT 2026    29
Other Information (Continued)




Details of the unvested Award Shares granted under the Post-IPO Share Award Scheme for the Reporting Period
(to be satisfied by new Shares) are as follows:


                                                                                                                                                                                                    Weighted
                                                                                                                                                                                                     average
                                                                                                                                                                                                 closing price
                                                                                                                                                               Closing price                     of the Share
                                                                                                                                                                  of Shares     Fair value of    immediately
                                                                                                                                                               immediately     Award Shares        before the
                                                                         Unvested                                                                            before the date   at the date of date of vesting
                                                                      Award Shares      Granted        Vested     Cancelled       Lapsed        Unvested of grant during        grant during       during the
                                                                              as of   during the    during the    during the   during the   Award Shares      the Reporting    the Reporting       Reporting
                                                           Purchase      January 1,   Reporting     Reporting     Reporting    Reporting    as of June 30,           Period         Period(2)          Period
Name                  Date of grant     Vesting period        price           2026      Period(1)      Period        Period       Period           2026(3)            (HKD)           (HKD)             (HKD)

Employee              October 1, 2021   0.5 to 6 years          Nil        200,012            —        46,124         3,876       20,000          130,012               N/A              N/A            13.65
  Participants        January 1, 2022   0.1 to 6 years          Nil        249,482            —       170,214             —        7,161           72,107               N/A              N/A            11.55

                      April 1, 2022     0.3 to 5.3 years        Nil       2,482,289           —      2,171,908      257,506       52,875               —                N/A              N/A            13.63

                      July 1, 2022      0.5 to 6 years          Nil        707,687            —             —             —      163,406          544,281               N/A              N/A              N/A

                      October 1, 2022   0.3 to 4 years          Nil        961,695            —         (6,575)       6,575       95,237          866,458               N/A              N/A              N/A

                      January 1, 2023   0.3 to 4 years          Nil        760,995            —       388,951             —       83,222          288,822               N/A              N/A            11.52

                      April 1, 2023     0.3 to 4 years          Nil       8,872,462           —      4,169,369       15,604      686,446        4,001,043               N/A              N/A            13.65

                      July 1, 2023      0.3 to 4 years          Nil       2,088,080           —        31,024        81,226       54,936        1,920,894               N/A              N/A            12.57

                      October 1, 2023   1 to 4 years            Nil       2,923,865           —        (44,820)      44,820      304,057        2,619,808               N/A              N/A              N/A

                      January 1, 2024   0.5 to 4 years          Nil        956,313            —        345,237            —       48,682          562,394               N/A              N/A            11.42

                      April 1, 2024     1 to 4 years            Nil      18,295,285           —      6,012,639            —     1,001,269      11,281,377               N/A              N/A            13.65

                      July 1, 2024      0.8 to 4.8 years        Nil       4,742,418           —        42,386             —      186,645        4,513,387               N/A              N/A            13.65

                      October 1, 2024   0.5 to 4 years          Nil       9,373,554           —         (9,184)       9,184      870,252        8,503,302               N/A              N/A              N/A

                      January 1, 2025   0.5 to 4 years          Nil       5,663,554           —       858,069         3,603      550,021        4,251,861               N/A              N/A            11.42

                      April 1, 2025     0.3 to 4 years          Nil     17,113,417            —      3,433,641      224,802      987,771       12,467,203               N/A              N/A            13.65

                      July 1, 2025      0.3 to 4 years          Nil      8,367,766            —       186,823             —      612,693        7,568,250               N/A              N/A            13.05

                      October 1, 2025   0.3 to 4 years          Nil       1,643,078           —        40,146             —      368,468        1,234,464               N/A              N/A            11.42

                      January 1, 2026   0.2 to 4 years          Nil              —     1,488,183       73,804             —       36,870        1,377,509             11.42            11.42            13.65

                      April 1, 2026     0.2 to 4 years          Nil              —     4,250,355            —             —      247,760        4,002,595             13.65            14.14              N/A

Service Providers     October 1, 2022   1 to 4 years            Nil         10,000            —             —             —            —           10,000               N/A              N/A              N/A


Total                                                                    85,411,952    5,738,538    17,909,756      647,196     6,377,771      66,215,767



Notes:

1.         There was no performance target attached to the grants during the Reporting Period.




30               JD Logistics, Inc.
                                                                                                   Other Information (Continued)




2.   The fair values of the Award Shares granted during the Reporting Period were determined based on the market value of the Shares at the
     respective grant dates.

3.   As disclosed in the 2025 Annual Report, the number of unvested Award Shares for Employee Participants as of December 31, 2025 was
     86,314,952. On January 1, 2026 and April 1, 2026, due to administrative reasons, such as changes in personnel positions and costs reasons, the
     scheme administrator has resolved to make administrative adjustments (the “Administrative Adjustments”) in relation to the type of Shares to
     be used to satisfy 65,000, 5,500, 72,500, 5,000, 195,000 and 570,000 Award Shares granted by the Company on April 1, 2022, October 1, 2022,
     April 1, 2023, July 1, 2023, April 1, 2024, and April 1, 2025, respectively, with existing Shares (instead of new Shares as originally intended on
     the date of grant). Details of the Administrative Adjustments for the April 1, 2023, July 1, 2023, April 1, 2024 and April 1, 2025 batches are set
     out in the announcements of the Company dated January 1, 2026 and April 1, 2026. After the Administrative Adjustments and the movements
     of Award Shares as stated in the table, the number of unvested Award Shares for Employee Participants as of June 30, 2026 was 66,205,767.
     Further, the Company clarifies that, as stated in the announcement of the Company dated January 1, 2026 that 171,366 Award Shares granted
     by the Company on April 1, 2024, will be satisfied by existing Shares instead of new Shares as originally intended on the date of grant, the actual
     amount should be 150,000 Award Shares as 21,366 Award Shares had already been vested and satisfied by new Shares as originally intended
     on the date of grant.

     For the avoidance of doubt, (a) such Administrative Adjustments are allowed under the rules of the Post-IPO Share Award Scheme, and (b) all
     the terms and conditions of the grants as stated in the above have not been amended, the updates are purely administrative adjustments and
     only in respect of how the Award Shares shall be satisfied.




                                                                                                                     INTERIM REPORT 2026            31
Other Information (Continued)




Details of the unvested Award Shares granted under the Post-IPO Share Award Scheme for the Reporting Period
(to be satisfied by existing Shares) are as follows:

                                                                                                                                                                                                     Weighted
                                                                                                                                                                                                        average
                                                                                                                                                                                                  closing price
                                                                                                                                                                 Closing price                    of the Share
                                                                                                                                                                     of Shares      Fair value    immediately
                                                                                                                                                                 immediately         of Award            before
                                                                                                                                                                    before the          Shares         the date
                                                                               Unvested                                                            Unvested             date of at the date of      of vesting
                                                                                  Award       Granted        Vested     Cancelled      Lapsed         Award      grant during grant during          during the
                                                                             Shares as of   during the    during the   during the   during the   Shares as of   the Reporting the Reporting          Reporting
                                                                   Purchase January 1,      Reporting     Reporting    Reporting    Reporting       June 30,             Period       Period(2)          Period
Name               Role           Date of grant     Vesting period     price        2026      Period(1)       Period       Period       Period          2026             (HKD)           (HKD)            (HKD)

Directors
Richard Qiangdong Non-executive May 15, 2026        1 to 4 years         Nil           — 133,449,636              —            —            —    133,449,636            15.14            14.28             N/A
  Liu (劉強東)       Director and
                  chairman of the
                  Board
Zhenhui Wang      Executive       November 18,      0.4 to 2.4 years     Nil    5,011,820           —      2,125,170           —            —      2,886,650              N/A              N/A           13.65
  (王振輝)           Director and 2025
                  chief executive
                  officer
Nora Gu Yi Wu     Independent May 28, 2024          1 to 3 years         Nil       59,308           —        29,654            —            —         29,654              N/A              N/A           13.32
  (顧宜)            non-executive
                  Director
Xiande Zhao       Independent April 30, 2025        0.9 to 2.9 years     Nil       61,887           —        20,629            —            —         41,258              N/A              N/A           14.12
  (趙先德)           non-executive
                  Director
Yang Zhang        Independent April 30, 2025        0.9 to 2.9 years     Nil       61,887           —        20,629            —            —         41,258              N/A              N/A           14.12
  (張揚)            non-executive
                  Director
Lin Ye (葉林)       Independent June 28, 2024         1 to 3 years         Nil       64,350           —        32,175            —            —         32,175              N/A              N/A           11.57
                  non-executive
                  Director
Christina Gaw     Independent February 14,          1 to 3 years         Nil       62,514           —        20,838            —            —         41,676              N/A              N/A           11.30
   (吳燕安)          non-executive 2025
                  Director
Yi Hoi Tang       Independent August 20, 2025       1 to 3 years         Nil       59,415           —             —            —            —         59,415              N/A              N/A             N/A
   (鄧以海)          non-executive
                  Director
Laura J. Peterson Independent December 29,          1 to 3 years         Nil       68,613           —             —            —            —         68,613              N/A              N/A             N/A
                  non-executive 2025
                  Director
Other grantees in                 April 1, 2022     1 to 4 years         Nil       93,750           —        93,750            —           —              —              N/A              N/A            13.65
   aggregate                      July 1, 2022      0.8 to 4.3 years     Nil       35,000           —        35,000            —           —              —              N/A              N/A            13.65
                                  October 1, 2022   1 to 4 years         Nil        5,500           —            —             —           —           5,500             N/A              N/A              N/A
                                  April 1, 2023     1 to 4 years         Nil      209,500           —       104,750            —       25,000         79,750             N/A              N/A            13.65
                                  July 1, 2023      1 to 4 years         Nil      361,313           —            —             —           —         361,313             N/A              N/A              N/A
                                  October 1, 2023   0.3 to 5.5 years     Nil      975,404           —       232,650            —           —         742,754             N/A              N/A            13.12
                                  April 1, 2024     1 to 4 years         Nil      798,750           —       266,250            —       50,000        482,500              N/A              N/A           13.65
                                  October 1, 2024   1 to 4 years         Nil      172,500           —            —             —           —         172,500              N/A              N/A             N/A
                                  April 1, 2025     1 to 4 years         Nil    3,660,000           —       770,426            —      375,000      2,514,574              N/A              N/A           13.65
                                  October 1, 2025   0 to 3.3 years       Nil      253,111           —        26,203            —       12,083        214,825              N/A              N/A           13.31
                                  April 1, 2026     1 to 4 years         Nil           —       474,548           —             —           —         474,548            13.65            14.14             N/A

Total                                                                          12,014,622 133,924,184      3,778,124           —      462,083    141,698,599



32          JD Logistics, Inc.
                                                                                                      Other Information (Continued)




Notes:

1.        There was no performance target attached to the grants during the Reporting Period.

2.        The fair values of the Award Shares granted during the Reporting Period were determined based on the market value of the Shares at the
          respective grant dates.

3.        As disclosed in the 2025 Annual Report, the number of unvested Award Shares for other grantees in aggregate (including the five highest paid
          individuals during the financial year ended December 31, 2025 as set out in the 2025 Annual Report) as of December 31, 2025 was 5,651,828.
          During the Reporting Period, due to the Administrative Adjustments as referred to in note 3 on page 31 and the movements of Award Shares as
          stated in the table above, the number of unvested Award Shares for other grantees in aggregate as of June 30, 2026 was 5,048,264.


Use of Proceeds
Net Proceeds from the Global Offering
With the Shares listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange on the Listing Date, the net proceeds from the Global
Offering were approximately RMB22,945 million. There has been no change in the intended use of proceeds as
previously disclosed in the Prospectus.

The following table sets forth a summary of the utilization of the net proceeds from the Global Offering as of
June 30, 2026:


                                                                                                    Utilized
                                                                              Unutilized      amount for the       Unutilized
                                                                           amount as of    six months ended     amount as of         Expected timeline of
Purpose                                                  Net proceeds    January 1, 2026       June 30, 2026    June 30, 2026              full utilization
                                                        (RMB million)      (RMB million)        (RMB million)   (RMB million)

Upgrading and expansion of                                     12,620                 —                    —               —                           N/A
 our logistics networks
Developing advanced technologies                                4,589               894                  279             615         12 to 36 months from
 to be used in our supply chain                                                                                                              May 16, 2024
 solutions and logistics services
Expanding the breadth and depth                                 3,442                14                   14               —                           N/A
  of our solutions, as well as for
  penetrating existing customers
  and attracting potential customers
General corporate purposes and                                  2,294               190                   16             174         12 to 36 months from
 working capital needs                                                                                                                       May 16, 2024

Total                                                          22,945              1,098                 309             789


Note: The expected timeline for utilization of the unutilized net proceeds above is based on the Group’s best estimation and is subject to change based
          on the future development of market conditions.




                                                                                                                     INTERIM REPORT 2026               33
Other Information (Continued)




Net Proceeds from the Placing and the Subscription
On March 25, 2022, the Company entered into a placing agreement with the placing agents in relation to the placing
of 150,500,000 Shares to independent purchasers (the “Placing”). On the same day, the Company and Jingdong
Technology Group Corporation (the “Subscriber”) entered into a subscription agreement, pursuant to which the
Subscriber subscribed 261,400,000 Shares in aggregate (the “Subscription”). Completion of the Placing and
Subscription took place on April 1, 2022 and May 26, 2022, respectively.

The net proceeds from the Placing and the Subscription were approximately RMB6,924 million. There has been no
change in the intended use of net proceeds as previously disclosed in the announcements of the Company dated
March 25, 2022, April 1, 2022 and May 26, 2022, and the circular of the Company dated April 25, 2022.


The following table sets forth a summary of the utilization of the net proceeds from the Placing and the Subscription
as of June 30, 2026:


                                                                                                    Utilized
                                                                          Unutilized          amount for the                Unutilized
                                                                       amount as of        six months ended              amount as of           Expected timeline of
Purpose                                           Net proceeds       January 1, 2026           June 30, 2026             June 30, 2026                full utilization
                                                  (RMB million)        (RMB million)           (RMB million)             (RMB million)

Improving our logistics network and solutions,            5,885                   —                        —                        —                             N/A
  both organically and/or by acquisitions
General corporate purposes and                            1,039                  84                        84                       —                             N/A
 working capital needs

Total                                                     6,924                  84                        84                       —



Purchase, Sale or Redemption of the Company’s Listed Securities
During the six months ended June 30, 2026, the Company repurchased 53,260,200 Shares on the Hong Kong
Stock Exchange. The repurchased Shares were subsequently cancelled. The repurchase was effected by the Board
for the enhancement of shareholder value in the long term. Details of the Shares repurchased are as follows:


                                                                                         Purchase consideration per Share
Month of purchase                                No. of Shares purchased               Highest price paid             Lowest price paid Aggregate consideration paid
                                                                                                   HKD                           HKD                             HKD

May 2026                                                      21,441,300                           14.29                         12.75                   286,021,682
June 2026                                                     31,818,900                           13.75                         11.39                   397,749,006


                                                              53,260,200                                                                                 683,770,688




34          JD Logistics, Inc.
                                                                              Other Information (Continued)




Save as disclosed in this report, during the six months ended June 30, 2026, neither the Company nor any of its
subsidiaries purchased, sold or redeemed any of the Company’s securities listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange.
As of June 30, 2026, no treasury shares (as defined under the Listing Rules) were held by the Company.


Compliance with the CG Code
The Company is committed to maintaining and promoting stringent corporate governance. The principle of
the Company’s corporate governance is to promote effective internal control measures and to enhance the
transparency and accountability of the Board to all Shareholders. For the six months ended June 30, 2026, the
Company has complied with all the applicable code provisions as set out in the CG Code contained in Appendix C1
to the Listing Rules, except for the following:


Under the code provision F.1.3, the chairman of the Board should attend the annual general meeting. Mr. Richard
Qiangdong Liu (劉強東), the non-executive Director and the chairman of the Board, was unable to attend the
Company’s annual general meeting held on June 29, 2026 (the “AGM”) due to his other business commitment.
Mr. Zhenhui Wang (王振輝), the executive Director, who was elected by the Directors and acted as the AGM chairman,
together with all other Board members who attended the AGM, were available to answer questions at the AGM.


The Company will continue to regularly review and monitor its corporate governance practices to ensure compliance
with the CG Code, and maintain a high standard of corporate governance practices of the Company.

Compliance with the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors
The Company has devised its own code of conduct for securities transactions (the “Insider Trading Policy”) on
terms no less exacting than those set out in the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed
Issuers as set out in Appendix C3 to the Listing Rules as the code of conduct regarding the Directors’ dealings in the
securities of the Company. Having made specific enquiry of all the Directors, all the Directors confirmed that they
have strictly complied with the required standards set out in the Insider Trading Policy during the Reporting Period.

Audit Committee
The Company has established the Audit Committee in compliance with Rule 3.21 of the Listing Rules and the CG
Code to monitor the implementation of our risk management policies across our Company on an ongoing basis
to ensure that our internal control system is effective in identifying, managing and mitigating risks involved in our
business operations. The Audit Committee comprises three members, namely Ms. Nora Gu Yi Wu (顧宜), Ms.
Christina Gaw (吳燕安) and Dr. Xiande Zhao (趙先德), with Ms. Nora Gu Yi Wu (顧宜) (being our independent non-
executive Director with the appropriate professional qualifications) as chairperson of the Audit Committee.


The Audit Committee has reviewed this interim report and the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements
of the Group for the six months ended June 30, 2026 and discussed matters with respect to the accounting policies
and practices adopted by the Company and internal control with senior management members and the Auditor of the
Company.




                                                                                             INTERIM REPORT 2026    35
Other Information (Continued)




The condensed consolidated financial statements of the Group for the six months ended June 30, 2026 have been
reviewed by the Auditor in accordance with International Standard on Review Engagements 2410 “Review of Interim
Financial Information Performed by the Independent Auditor of the Entity” issued by the International Auditing and
Assurance Standards Board.


Interim Dividend
The Board did not recommend the distribution of an interim dividend for the six months ended June 30, 2026.

Changes in Information of Directors and Chief Executives
There were no changes in information of the Directors and chief executives that are required to be disclosed pursuant
to Rule 13.51B(1) of the Listing Rules since the last published annual report.

Important Events after Reporting Period
Save as disclosed above and in this interim report, there were no important events affecting the Company which
occurred after June 30, 2026 and up to the date of this report.




36     JD Logistics, Inc.
                       REPORT ON REVIEW OF CONDENSED
                    CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



To the Board of Directors of JD Logistics, Inc.
(incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability)

Introduction
We have reviewed the condensed consolidated financial statements of JD Logistics, Inc. (the “Company”), its
subsidiaries and consolidated affiliated entities (collectively referred to as the “Group”) set out on pages 38 to 72,
which comprise the condensed consolidated statement of financial position as of June 30, 2026 and the related
condensed consolidated statement of profit or loss, condensed consolidated statement of comprehensive income,
condensed consolidated statement of changes in equity and condensed consolidated statement of cash flows
for the six-month period then ended, and notes to the condensed consolidated financial statements. The Rules
Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited require the preparation of a report
on interim financial information to be in compliance with the relevant provisions thereof and International Accounting
Standard 34 “Interim Financial Reporting” (“IAS 34”) issued by the International Accounting Standards Board.
The directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation and presentation of these condensed consolidated
financial statements in accordance with IAS 34. Our responsibility is to express a conclusion on these condensed
consolidated financial statements based on our review, and to report our conclusion solely to you, as a body, in
accordance with our agreed terms of engagement, and for no other purpose. We do not assume responsibility
towards or accept liability to any other person for the contents of this report.

Scope of Review
We conducted our review in accordance with International Standard on Review Engagements 2410 “Review of
Interim Financial Information Performed by the Independent Auditor of the Entity” issued by the International
Auditing and Assurance Standards Board. A review of these condensed consolidated financial statements consists
of making inquiries, primarily of persons responsible for financial and accounting matters, and applying analytical
and other review procedures. A review is substantially less in scope than an audit conducted in accordance with
International Standards on Auditing and consequently does not enable us to obtain assurance that we would become
aware of all significant matters that might be identified in an audit. Accordingly, we do not express an audit opinion.

Conclusion
Based on our review, nothing has come to our attention that causes us to believe that the condensed consolidated
financial statements are not prepared, in all material respects, in accordance with IAS 34.




Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu
Certified Public Accountants
Hong Kong
August 13, 2026




                                                                                            INTERIM REPORT 2026     37
CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF
PROFIT OR LOSS

                                                                       Six months ended June 30,
                                                               Notes          2026              2025
                                                                           RMB’000          RMB’000
                                                                        (Unaudited)       (Unaudited)

Revenue                                                          5      124,683,247        98,531,786
Cost of revenue                                                        (113,616,785)      (89,665,491)

Gross profit                                                             11,066,462         8,866,295
Selling and marketing expenses                                           (3,357,487)       (2,993,025)
Research and development expenses                                        (2,348,400)       (1,898,294)
General and administrative expenses                                      (2,177,341)       (1,805,170)
Other income and gains/(losses), net                             6          823,999          903,347
Gains on disposal of industrial parks                                            —            31,499
Finance income                                                   7          295,470          685,625
Finance costs                                                    8         (499,801)         (435,651)
Impairment losses (including reversals of impairment losses)
  on financial assets                                            9         (104,927)          (56,835)
Share of results of associates and joint ventures                             4,300                964

Profit before income tax                                         11       3,702,275         3,298,755
Income tax expense                                               10        (431,429)         (339,598)

Profit for the period                                                     3,270,846         2,959,157

Profit/(loss) for the period attributable to:
Owners of the Company                                                     3,292,301         2,579,653
Non-controlling interests                                                   (21,455)         379,504

                                                                          3,270,846         2,959,157

                                                                              RMB              RMB
                                                                        (Unaudited)       (Unaudited)
Earnings per share
Basic                                                            12            0.52                0.41
Diluted                                                          12            0.51                0.40




38      JD Logistics, Inc.
         CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF
                       COMPREHENSIVE INCOME

                                                                            Six months ended June 30,
                                                                     Note          2026                2025
                                                                                RMB’000            RMB’000
                                                                             (Unaudited)         (Unaudited)

Profit for the period                                                          3,270,846          2,959,157

Other comprehensive (loss)/income
Item that will not be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss:
Exchange differences on translation from functional currency
  to presentation currency                                                      (828,049)          (129,467)
Items that may be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss:
Exchange differences arising on translation of foreign operations               (210,905)            (37,089)
Impairment losses on trade receivables at
  fair value through other comprehensive income (“FVTOCI”)                        19,185              2,487

Other comprehensive loss for the period                                       (1,019,769)          (164,069)

Total comprehensive income for the period                                      2,251,077          2,795,088

Total comprehensive income/(loss) for the period
  attributable to:
Owners of the Company                                                          2,263,578          2,407,647
Non-controlling interests                                             19         (12,501)           387,441

                                                                               2,251,077          2,795,088




                                                                                    INTERIM REPORT 2026    39
CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF
FINANCIAL POSITION

                                                                                As of          As of
                                                                             June 30,   December 31,
                                                                  Notes         2026            2025
                                                                             RMB’000        RMB’000
                                                                          (Unaudited)       (Audited)

ASSETS
Non-current assets
Property and equipment                                              13     17,771,671     17,937,019
Right-of-use assets                                                 14     18,356,986     18,007,450
Investment properties                                                         646,517        672,994
Goodwill                                                                    6,849,216      6,849,216
Other intangible assets                                                     2,402,370      2,653,343
Interests in associates                                                        63,340         65,993
Interests in joint ventures                                                    34,891         32,298
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss (“FVTPL”)     15     15,892,367     16,175,950
Equity instruments at FVTOCI                                                  259,602        259,602
Deferred tax assets                                                 25        819,657        848,658
Prepayments, other receivables and other assets                     17      2,390,325      2,354,149

Total non-current assets                                                   65,486,942     65,856,672

Current assets
Inventories                                                                   880,031        886,852
Trade receivables                                                   16     22,048,643     19,848,754
Contract assets                                                               343,986        297,713
Prepayments, other receivables and other assets                     17      9,873,132      9,404,936
Financial assets at FVTPL                                           15      3,378,765      6,552,222
Term deposits                                                               1,475,403      3,174,585
Restricted cash                                                               500,844        459,914
Cash and cash equivalents                                                  15,760,775     18,117,910

Total current assets                                                       54,261,579     58,742,886

Total assets                                                              119,748,521    124,599,558




40     JD Logistics, Inc.
                            Condensed Consolidated Statement of Financial Position (Continued)




                                                                              As of             As of
                                                                           June 30,      December 31,
                                                                Notes         2026               2025
                                                                           RMB’000           RMB’000
                                                                        (Unaudited)          (Audited)

EQUITY AND LIABILITIES
Equity
Share capital                                                     18          1,053              1,050
Treasury shares                                                            (595,281)                 (55)
Reserves                                                                 68,129,963         68,483,442
Accumulated losses                                                      (10,705,395)       (13,804,066)

Equity attributable to owners of the Company                             56,830,340         54,680,371
Non-controlling interests                                         19      1,106,712          5,104,358

Total equity                                                             57,937,052         59,784,729

Liabilities
Non-current liabilities
Borrowings                                                        24      4,904,280          3,866,590
Lease liabilities                                                        11,104,678         10,684,271
Deferred tax liabilities                                          25      1,345,233          1,363,438
Other non-current liabilities                                             2,371,289          4,531,251

Total non-current liabilities                                            19,725,480         20,445,550

Current liabilities
Trade payables                                                    22      9,930,972         10,663,466
Contract liabilities                                                        516,104            541,310
Accrued expenses and other payables                               23     22,170,858         23,172,690
Advances from customers                                                   1,061,519          1,318,192
Borrowings                                                        24        270,277            541,385
Lease liabilities                                                         7,599,625          7,354,486
Payables to interest holders of consolidated investment funds                38,582             41,612
Income tax payables                                                         498,052            736,138

Total current liabilities                                                42,085,989         44,369,279

Total liabilities                                                        61,811,469         64,814,829

Total equity and liabilities                                            119,748,521        124,599,558



                                                                               INTERIM REPORT 2026    41
CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF
CHANGES IN EQUITY

                                                                                              Attributable to owners of the Company
                                                                                                                                                                  Non-
                                                                         Share    Treasury         Share Contribution       Other Accumulated               controlling         Total
                                                              Notes     capital     shares      premium       reserve    reserves*     losses      Sub-total interests         equity
                                                                       RMB’000    RMB’000       RMB’000      RMB’000     RMB’000      RMB’000      RMB’000      RMB’000      RMB’000

As of January 1, 2026 (audited)                                          1,050         (55) 69,005,973      (2,851,784) 2,329,253 (13,804,066) 54,680,371       5,104,358 59,784,729

Profit/(loss) for the period                                                —           —             —            —           —      3,292,301    3,292,301      (21,455) 3,270,846
Other comprehensive (loss)/ income for the period                           —           —             —            — (1,028,723)             — (1,028,723)         8,954 (1,019,769)

Total comprehensive (loss)/ income for the period                           —           —             —            — (1,028,723)      3,292,301    2,263,578      (12,501) 2,251,077

Issuance of ordinary shares to Share Scheme Trusts
  (as defined in Note 18)                                      18            3          (3)           —            —           —             —            —            —            —
Exercise of share options and vesting of restricted
  share units (“RSUs”)                                         18           —            5       354,775           —     (354,223)           —          557            —          557
Acquisition of partial interests of subsidiaries              19, 23        —           —             —            —      214,737            —      214,737 (3,985,145) (3,770,408)
Share-based payment expenses and surplus
  of tax effects                                               20           —           —             —            —      266,325            —      266,325            —      266,325
Repurchase of ordinary shares                                  18           —     (595,228)           —            —           —             —      (595,228)          —      (595,228)
Appropriation to statutory reserves                                         —           —             —            —      193,630      (193,630)          —            —            —

As of June 30, 2026 (unaudited)                                          1,053    (595,281) 69,360,748      (2,851,784) 1,620,999 (10,705,395) 56,830,340       1,106,712 57,937,052

As of January 1, 2025 (audited)                                          1,045         (60) 68,198,444      (2,851,784) 10,067,743 (20,095,422) 55,319,966      7,646,954 62,966,920

Profit for the period                                                       —           —             —            —           —      2,579,653    2,579,653     379,504     2,959,157
Other comprehensive (loss)/income for the period                            —           —             —            —     (172,006)           —      (172,006)      7,937      (164,069)

Total comprehensive (loss)/income for the period                            —           —             —            —     (172,006)    2,579,653    2,407,647     387,441     2,795,088

Issuance of ordinary shares to Share Scheme Trusts             18            3          (3)           —            —           —             —            —            —            —
Exercise of share options and vesting of RSUs                  18           —            4       335,447           —     (335,042)           —          409            —          409
Dividends paid to non-controlling interests of a subsidiary    19           —           —             —            —           —             —            —       (29,967)     (29,967)
Acquisition of partial interests of subsidiaries              19, 23        —           —             —            — (4,083,963)             — (4,083,963) (2,737,155) (6,821,118)
Share-based payment expenses and surplus
  of tax effects                                               20           —           —             —            —      188,954            —      188,954       (15,215)    173,739
Disposal of a subsidiary under common control                               —           —             —            —          670            —          670            —          670

As of June 30, 2025 (unaudited)                                          1,048         (59) 68,533,891      (2,851,784) 5,666,356 (17,515,769) 53,833,683       5,252,058 59,085,741

*         Other reserves mainly consist of share awards under the share incentive plan of JD Group (as defined in Note 1) recognized as the deemed
          contribution of JD.com, Inc. and share awards under the Company’s share award schemes, surplus of tax effects related to share-based
          payment expenses, reserve from recognition of put options to non-controlling interests, merger reserve from acquisition of subsidiaries under
          common control, reserve from acquisition of partial interests of subsidiaries, exchange differences on foreign currency translation recognized in
          other comprehensive income, fair value changes of equity instruments at FVTOCI, net changes in expected credit loss of receivables at FVTOCI,
          and statutory reserves required by relevant laws of the People’s Republic of China (the “PRC”) applicable to the Company’s PRC subsidiaries
          and consolidated affiliated entities.


42          JD Logistics, Inc.
        CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF
                                 CASH FLOWS

                                                                Six months ended June 30,
                                                                       2026                2025
                                                                    RMB’000            RMB’000
                                                                 (Unaudited)         (Unaudited)

OPERATING ACTIVITIES
Cash generated from operations                                     6,603,592          6,582,855
Interest received                                                    435,426            657,709
Income tax paid                                                     (659,965)          (671,842)

Net cash generated from operating activities                       6,379,053          6,568,722

INVESTING ACTIVITIES
Placement of restricted cash                                        (231,616)          (130,050)
Withdrawal of restricted cash                                        184,938             66,686
Purchases of term deposits and treasury investments at
  amortized cost                                                  (2,078,950)          (278,284)
Maturity of term deposits and treasury investments at
 amortized cost                                                    2,801,234          3,607,888
Purchases of financial assets at FVTPL                            (4,200,000)       (10,993,920)
Maturity of financial assets at FVTPL                              7,436,852          2,984,996
Proceeds from disposal of financial assets at FVTPL                   47,426                  —
Proceeds from disposal of investment in associates                    13,934                  —
Dividends received from equity investments                             4,439              5,253
Purchases of property and equipment and investment properties     (3,091,125)        (2,704,008)
Net cash inflow on disposal of industrial parks                           —             191,645
Proceeds from disposal of property and equipment                     200,528            120,930
Purchases of other intangible assets                                  (2,808)             (3,533)
Payments for right-of-use assets                                    (144,222)          (232,036)
Net changes in rental deposits                                        (8,987)            39,637

Net cash generated from/(used in) investing activities               931,643         (7,324,796)




                                                                        INTERIM REPORT 2026   43
Condensed Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows (Continued)




                                                              Six months ended June 30,
                                                                     2026              2025
                                                                  RMB’000          RMB’000
                                                               (Unaudited)       (Unaudited)

FINANCING ACTIVITIES
Proceeds from borrowings                                         5,707,817         3,227,296
Repayments of borrowings                                        (4,941,235)       (4,478,932)
Principal portion of lease payments                             (3,588,054)       (3,365,480)
Interest paid                                                     (419,767)         (423,685)
Acquisition of partial interests of subsidiaries and
  payments for deferred consideration                           (5,385,047)       (2,688,723)
Repurchase of ordinary shares                                     (581,736)               —
Dividends paid to non-controlling interests of a subsidiary             —            (29,967)

Net cash used in financing activities                           (9,208,022)       (7,759,491)

Net decrease in cash and cash equivalents                       (1,897,326)       (8,515,565)
Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the period        18,117,910        25,811,757
Effects of foreign exchange rate changes on
  cash and cash equivalents                                       (459,809)          21,574

Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the period              15,760,775        17,317,766




44     JD Logistics, Inc.
         NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
                         FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

1.   General information and basis of preparation
     1.1 General information
         JD Logistics, Inc. (the “Company”) was incorporated in the Cayman Islands in January 2012 as an
         exempted company registered under the laws of the Cayman Islands. The addresses of the registered
         office and principal place of business of the Company are stated in the section headed “Corporate
         Information” of this interim report.


         The Company is an investment holding company. The Company, its subsidiaries and consolidated affiliated
         entities (collectively, the “Group”), engage in the business of providing integrated supply chain solutions
         and logistics services to customers across a wide array of industries through its leading logistics networks.
         The Group’s principal operations and geographic markets are in the PRC.


         Jingdong Technology Group Corporation is the immediate parent company of the Company and owned
         by JD.com, Inc., which is the Company’s ultimate parent company. JD.com, Inc., its subsidiaries and
         consolidated affiliated entities, excluding the Group, are collectively referred to as “JD Group”.


         The issued shares of the Company have been listed on the Main Board of The Stock Exchange of
         Hong Kong Limited (the “Hong Kong Stock Exchange”) since May 28, 2021 (the “Listing”).


     1.2 Basis of preparation
         The condensed consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with International
         Accounting Standard 34 Interim Financial Reporting issued by the International Accounting Standards
         Board (the “IASB”), as well as with the applicable disclosure requirements of the Rules Governing the
         Listing of Securities on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange.


         The condensed consolidated financial statements do not include all the notes of the type normally
         included in the annual financial statements. Accordingly, it should be read in conjunction with the annual
         consolidated financial statements of the Group for the year ended December 31, 2025, which have been
         prepared in accordance with IFRS Accounting Standards (“IFRSs”), as set out in the 2025 annual report of
         the Company released on April 24, 2026 (the “2025 Annual Report”).


         The condensed consolidated financial statements are presented in Renminbi (“RMB”), which is different
         from the Company’s functional currency of United States dollars (“USD”).




                                                                                           INTERIM REPORT 2026     45
Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




2.   Application of amendments to IFRSs
     During the current interim period, the Group has applied the following amendments to IFRSs issued by the
     IASB, for the first time, which are mandatorily effective for the Group’s annual period beginning on January 1,
     2026 for the preparation of the Group’s condensed consolidated financial statements:


     Amendments                                            Content

     Amendments to IFRS 9 and IFRS 7                       Amendments to the Classification and Measurement
                                                            of Financial Instruments
     Amendments to IFRS 9 and IFRS 7                       Contracts Referencing Nature-dependent Electricity
     Amendments to IFRS Accounting Standards               Annual Improvements to IFRS Accounting
                                                             Standards — Volume 11


     The application of the amendments to IFRSs in the current interim period has had no material impact on the
     Group’s financial positions and performance for the current and prior periods and/or on the disclosures set out in
     the condensed consolidated financial statements.


3.   Summary of material accounting policy information
     The condensed consolidated financial statements have been prepared on the historical cost basis except for
     certain financial instruments that are measured at fair value.


     Other than changes in accounting policies resulting from application of amendments to IFRSs, the accounting
     policies and methods of computation used in the condensed consolidated financial statements for the
     six months ended June 30, 2026 are the same as those presented in the 2025 Annual Report.


4.   Segment information
     The Group’s chief operating decision maker, who has been identified as the Chief Executive Officer (the “CEO”),
     reviews the consolidated results when making decisions about allocating resources and assessing performance
     of the Group as a whole and no other discrete financial information is provided to the CEO. Hence, the Group
     has only one reportable segment.




46    JD Logistics, Inc.
                       Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




5.   Revenue
     Given the central role of inventory management in the Group’s integrated supply chain solutions and logistics
     services, customers of the Group are categorized based on whether such customers have utilized the Group’s
     warehouse or inventory management related services. Customers are reviewed by the Group on a regular basis,
     and customers who have utilized the Group’s warehouse or inventory management related services in the
     recent past are classified as the Group’s integrated supply chain customers.

                                                                              Six months ended June 30,
                                                                                      2026                 2025
                                                                                   RMB’000             RMB’000
                                                                                (Unaudited)          (Unaudited)

     Type of customer:
     Integrated supply chain customers                                           59,388,149          50,107,239
     Other customers                                                             65,295,098          48,424,547

                                                                                124,683,247          98,531,786

     Timing of revenue recognition:
     Overtime                                                                    97,967,113          93,189,812
     A point in time                                                             26,716,134           5,341,974

                                                                                124,683,247          98,531,786


6.   Other income and gains/(losses), net
                                                                              Six months ended June 30,
                                                                                     2026                  2025
                                                                                  RMB’000              RMB’000
                                                                               (Unaudited)           (Unaudited)

     Government grants                                                              586,359             473,990
     Fair value changes of financial instruments at FVTPL                           310,124             257,462
     Gains/(losses) on disposal of property and equipment                            18,435              (57,923)
     Foreign exchange (losses)/gains, net                                           (36,052)            118,164
     Others                                                                         (54,867)            111,654

                                                                                    823,999             903,347


     The government grants were mainly incentives provided by local government authorities in the PRC, to reward
     the Group’s support and contribution for the development of local economies.




                                                                                        INTERIM REPORT 2026    47
Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




7.   Finance income

                                                                                Six months ended June 30,
                                                                                       2026                  2025
                                                                                    RMB’000              RMB’000
                                                                                 (Unaudited)           (Unaudited)

     Interest income from bank deposits and treasury investments
       at amortized cost                                                              295,470             685,625



8.   Finance costs

                                                                                Six months ended June 30,
                                                                                       2026                  2025
                                                                                    RMB’000              RMB’000
                                                                                 (Unaudited)           (Unaudited)

     Interest expense on lease liabilities                                            341,445             338,131

     Interest expense on borrowings and other liabilities                             128,788              83,375

     Factoring expense charged by a related party (Note 26)                            29,568              14,145

                                                                                      499,801             435,651



9.   Impairment losses (including reversals of impairment losses) on financial
     assets

                                                                                Six months ended June 30,
                                                                                       2026                  2025
                                                                                    RMB’000              RMB’000
                                                                                 (Unaudited)           (Unaudited)

     Impairment losses (including reversals of impairment losses) on:

     — trade receivables                                                               93,814              45,857

     — other receivables                                                               11,113              10,978

                                                                                      104,927              56,835



     The basis of determining the inputs and assumptions and the estimation techniques used in the condensed
     consolidated financial statements are consistent with those used in the preparation of the 2025 Annual Report.




48    JD Logistics, Inc.
                   Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




10. Income tax expense

                                                             Six months ended June 30,
                                                                    2026                2025
                                                                 RMB’000            RMB’000
                                                              (Unaudited)         (Unaudited)

   Current tax                                                   421,879             437,689

   Deferred tax (Note 25)                                           9,550             (98,091)

                                                                 431,429             339,598



11. Profit before income tax

                                                             Six months ended June 30,
                                                                    2026                2025
                                                                 RMB’000            RMB’000
                                                              (Unaudited)         (Unaudited)

   Employee benefit expenses                                   49,787,217         39,199,921

   Outsourcing cost                                            46,117,070         34,004,333

   Depreciation of right-of-use assets                          3,953,976          3,704,579

   Depreciation of property and equipment                       2,690,288          2,272,450

   Amortization of other intangible assets                       254,005             294,831




                                                                     INTERIM REPORT 2026    49
Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




12. Earnings per share
     The calculation of the basic and diluted earnings per share attributable to owners of the Company is based on
     the following data:

                                                                                Six months ended June 30,
                                                                                       2026                  2025
                                                                                 (Unaudited)           (Unaudited)

     Numerator:
     Profit for the period attributable to owners of the Company for
       the purpose of calculating basic earnings per share (RMB’000)                3,292,301           2,579,653
     Impact of subsidiaries’ diluted earnings (RMB’000)                                    —                 (161)

     Profit for the period attributable to owners of the Company for
       the purpose of calculating diluted earnings per share (RMB’000)              3,292,301           2,579,492

     Denominator:
     Weighted average number of ordinary shares for the purpose of
       calculating basic earnings per share (thousand shares)                       6,312,187           6,258,873
     Adjustments for dilutive options and RSUs (thousand shares)                      111,427             138,970

     Weighted average number of ordinary shares for the purpose of
      calculating diluted earnings per share (thousand shares)                      6,423,614           6,397,843
     Basic earnings per share attributable to owners of the
       Company (RMB per share)                                                           0.52                 0.41
     Diluted earnings per share attributable to owners of the
       Company (RMB per share)                                                           0.51                 0.40



13. Property and equipment
     Property and equipment of the Group primarily consists of (a) buildings, (b) logistics equipment, (c) vehicles,
     (d) aircraft, engines and flight equipment, (e) leasehold improvement, (f) electronic equipment, (g) office
     equipment, and (h) construction in progress. During the current interim period, additions to property and
     equipment amounted to RMB2,656.1 million (six months ended June 30, 2025: RMB3,113.7 million).


14. Right-of-use assets
     During the current interim period, the Group entered into new lease agreements with lease terms ranging
     from 1 to 10 years (six months ended June 30, 2025: 1 to 6 years). Upon commencement of these new
     leases, the Group recognized right-of-use assets of RMB4,576.3 million (six months ended June 30,
     2025: RMB5,314.1 million) and lease liabilities of RMB4,432.1 million (six months ended June 30, 2025:
     RMB5,072.3 million).




50    JD Logistics, Inc.
                   Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




15. Financial assets at FVTPL

                                                                                       As of                As of
                                                                                    June 30,         December 31,
                                                                                       2026                  2025
                                                                                    RMB’000              RMB’000
                                                                                 (Unaudited)             (Audited)

   Non-current:
   Wealth management products                                                      14,948,880            15,237,170
   Preferred shares investments in unlisted entities                                  672,189               699,757
   Equity securities in listed entities                                               268,798               236,523
   Equity investments in unlisted entities                                              2,500                 2,500

                                                                                   15,892,367            16,175,950

   Current:
   Wealth management products                                                       3,378,765             6,552,222


   Equity securities in listed entities
   The fair values of equity securities in listed entities are determined based on the closing prices quoted in active
   markets. They are accounted for using their fair values based on quoted market prices (level 1: quoted price
   (unadjusted) in active markets) without any deduction for transaction costs.


   Preferred shares investments in unlisted entities
   All of these investments are convertible redeemable preferred shares or ordinary shares with preferential rights.
   The Group has the right to require and demand the investees to redeem all of the shares held by the Group at
   guaranteed predetermined fixed amount upon redemption events which are out of control of issuers. Hence,
   these investments are accounted for as debt instruments and are measured at FVTPL. The major assumptions
   used in the valuation for investment in these unlisted entities are set out in Note 27.1.


   Equity investments in unlisted entities
   These investments represent equity investments in unlisted entities, in the form of ordinary shares without
   significant influence. The major assumptions used in the valuation for investment in these unlisted entities are
   set out in Note 27.1.


   Wealth management products
   Wealth management products purchased by the Group are issued by major and reputable banks and financial
   institutions without guaranteed returns. The expected rates of return for such wealth management products
   held by the Group as of June 30, 2026 range from 1.6% to 4.9% per annum (December 31, 2025: 1.5% to
   4.9% per annum). The Group managed and evaluated the performance of investments on a fair value basis in
   accordance with the Group’s risk management and investment strategy. The major assumptions used in the
   valuation for wealth management products are set out in Note 27.1.




                                                                                           INTERIM REPORT 2026     51
Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




16. Trade receivables

                                                                                       As of                 As of
                                                                                    June 30,          December 31,
                                                                                       2026                   2025
                                                                                    RMB’000               RMB’000
                                                                                 (Unaudited)              (Audited)

     Trade receivables at amortized cost:
     Trade receivables from third parties                                          11,342,670            10,708,773
     Trade receivables from related parties (Note 26)                               8,396,183             6,751,355
     Less: allowance for credit losses                                               (394,201)             (361,651)

                                                                                   19,344,652            17,098,477
     Trade receivables at FVTOCI                                                    2,703,991             2,750,277

                                                                                   22,048,643            19,848,754


     The Group allows a credit period of 30 to 210 days to its trade customers. The following is an aging analysis of
     trade receivables presented based on the billing date:

                                                                                       As of                 As of
                                                                                    June 30,          December 31,
                                                                                       2026                   2025
                                                                                    RMB’000               RMB’000
                                                                                 (Unaudited)              (Audited)

     Within 3 months                                                               21,932,201            19,835,999
     3 to 6 months                                                                    252,402               204,138
     6 to 12 months                                                                   127,807                61,275
     Over 12 months                                                                   130,434               108,993

                                                                                   22,442,844            20,210,405
     Less: allowance for credit losses                                               (394,201)             (361,651)

                                                                                   22,048,643            19,848,754


     The Group held bills received for future settlement of trade receivables with insignificant amount. The Group
     continues to recognize their full carrying amounts at the end of each reporting period. All bills received by the
     Group were with a maturity period of less than one year.




52    JD Logistics, Inc.
                     Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




17. Prepayments, other receivables and other assets
                                                                                                     As of                     As of
                                                                                                  June 30,              December 31,
                                                                                                     2026                       2025
                                                                                                  RMB’000                   RMB’000
                                                                                               (Unaudited)                  (Audited)

   Non-current:
   Treasury investments at amortized cost*                                                          270,570                     267,558
   Refundable deposits                                                                              947,957                     793,454
   Long-term prepaid expenses                                                                       587,783                     563,909
   Pallets                                                                                          321,269                     381,956
   Prepayments for property and equipment                                                           228,851                     306,532
   Others                                                                                            33,895                      40,740

                                                                                                  2,390,325                  2,354,149

   Current:
   Treasury investments at amortized cost*                                                        1,859,502                  1,177,730
   Tax recoverable                                                                                2,945,693                  3,141,060
   Prepaid expenses                                                                               2,721,442                  2,668,223
   Refundable deposits                                                                              878,904                  1,029,855
   Prepayments to suppliers                                                                         734,673                    646,696
   Funds receivable from third party payment platforms                                              231,864                    225,353
   Others                                                                                           586,913                    599,839

                                                                                                  9,958,991                   9,488,756
   Less: allowance for credit losses                                                                (85,859)                    (83,820)

                                                                                                  9,873,132                   9,404,936


   *    As of June 30, 2026, treasury investments at amortized cost were primarily fixed rate notes and term deposits, mainly denominated in
        USD, with original maturity ranging from 12 to 36 months (December 31, 2025: 36 months). The fixed rates of return for such treasury
        investments at amortized cost held by the Group as of June 30, 2026 ranged from 2.2% to 5.5% per annum (December 31, 2025: 2.2%
        to 5.5% per annum).




                                                                                                           INTERIM REPORT 2026          53
Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




18. Share capital and treasury shares
     Authorized
     The Company had an authorized share capital of USD1,000,000, divided into 40,000,000 thousand authorized
     ordinary shares, with par value of USD0.000025 each as of June 30, 2026 and December 31, 2025.


     Issued and fully paid

                                                                                         Number
                                                                                      of ordinary                                       Treasury
                                                                                           shares          Share capital                  shares
                                                                                                              RMB’000                   RMB’000

     As of January 1, 2026 (audited)                                               6,656,781,772                      1,050                   (55)
     Issuance of ordinary shares to Share Scheme Trusts1                              20,200,000                          3                    (3)
     Repurchase of ordinary shares2                                                           —                          —               (595,228)
     Exercise of share options and vesting of RSUs3                                           —                          —                      5

     As of June 30, 2026 (unaudited)                                               6,676,981,772                      1,053              (595,281)

     As of January 1, 2025 (audited)                                               6,627,381,772                      1,045                      (60)
     Issuance of ordinary shares to Share Scheme Trusts1                              20,700,000                          3                       (3)
     Exercise of share options and vesting of RSUs3                                           —                          —                         4

     As of June 30, 2025 (unaudited)                                               6,648,081,772                      1,048                      (59)


     1.    Jungle Den Limited, Jazz Dream Limited, Perfect Match Limited and Mille Stelle Limited were established to hold the shares on trust for
           the benefit of the participants of the JD Logistics Share Incentive Plan as defined in Note 20 (collectively, “Share Scheme Trusts”). As the
           Company has control over the Share Scheme Trusts, the shares held by the Share Scheme Trusts were consolidated and presented as
           treasury shares. During the current interim period, the Company issued an aggregate of 20,200,000 ordinary shares with respect to the
           Post-IPO Share Award Scheme to the Share Scheme Trusts (six months ended June 30, 2025: 20,700,000 ordinary shares).


     2.    During the six months ended June 30, 2026, the Company repurchased 53,260,200 ordinary shares on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange
           for a total consideration of approximately HKD683.8 million, equivalent to RMB595.2 million (six months ended June 30, 2025: none).
           The repurchased Shares were subsequently cancelled in July 2026.


     3.    The exercised share options and vested RSUs were satisfied by the ordinary shares previously issued to and held by the Share Scheme Trusts.




54    JD Logistics, Inc.
                      Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




19. Non-controlling interests

                                                                                                              Share-based
                                                                                       Share of net              payment
                                                                                          assets of             reserve of
                                                                                       subsidiaries           subsidiaries                 Total
                                                                                          RMB’000                RMB’000                 RMB’000

   As of January 1, 2026 (audited)                                                         5,005,585                  98,773            5,104,358
   Share of total comprehensive loss for the period                                          (12,501)                     —               (12,501)
   Acquisition of partial interests of subsidiaries1                                      (3,886,372)                (98,773)          (3,985,145)

   As of June 30, 2026 (unaudited)                                                         1,106,712                         —          1,106,712

   As of January 1, 2025 (audited)                                                         7,533,536                 113,418            7,646,954
   Share of total comprehensive income for the period                                        387,441                       —              387,441
   Acquisition of partial interests of subsidiaries2                                      (2,737,155)                      —           (2,737,155)
   Dividends paid to non-controlling interests of a subsidiary                                (29,967)                     —               (29,967)
   Share options of subsidiaries                                                                   —                  (15,215)             (15,215)

   As of June 30, 2025 (unaudited)                                                         5,153,855                  98,203            5,252,058


   1    For the six months ended June 30, 2026, acquisition of partial interests of subsidiaries mainly included the following transactions:


        On January 13, 2026, Suqian Jingdong Zhuofeng (a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company and an indirect controlling shareholder of
        Deppon Logistics), has proposed, and the board of directors of Deppon Logistics has approved, Deppon Logistics to voluntarily withdraw the
        listing of Deppon Shares from the Shanghai Stock Exchange by way of shareholders’ approval at a general meeting of Deppon Logistics as set
        out in the announcement of the Company dated January 13, 2026 (the “Announcement”). Unless otherwise defined, the terms used in this
        section shall have the same meaning as defined in the Announcement. As part of the Withdrawal Proposal, the Purchaser should make the
        Proposed Cash Option to the Deppon Shareholders to acquire the Deppon Target Shares, at the Option Price of RMB19.0 per Deppon Target
        Share. Application with a total of 197,259,820 Deppon Shares had been submitted for the exercise of the Proposed Cash Option and upon the
        completion of the Proposed Cash Option, the Group held approximately 99.7% of the total Deppon Shares as set out in the announcement of
        the Company dated February 25, 2026. The Withdrawal was approved by the Shanghai Stock Exchange on March 24, 2026 and the Deppon
        Shares was delisted from the Shanghai Stock Exchange on March 31, 2026.


        The Second Phase Acquisition of the Kuayue Equity Transfer Agreement, as set out in the 2025 Annual Report was completed in
        April 2026, representing approximately 10.00% equity interest in Kuayue Express had been acquired by the Group at cash consideration of
        RMB1,961.1 million.


   2    For the six months ended June 30, 2025, acquisition of partial interests of subsidiaries mainly included the following transactions:


        The Group acquired additional approximately 6.62% equity interest in Deppon Logistics, at cash consideration of RMB841.7 million.


        The First Phase Acquisition of the Kuayue Equity Transfer Agreement, as set out in the 2025 Annual Report, was completed on June 11,
        2025, representing approximately 16.43% equity interest in Kuayue Express had been acquired by the Group at cash consideration of
        RMB2,314.2 million.




                                                                                                                    INTERIM REPORT 2026         55
Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




20. Share-based payments
     As detailed in Note 20.1, JD Group granted share-based awards to the Group’s employees and non-employees
     under a share incentive plan of JD Group (the “JD Group Share Incentive Plan”). As detailed in Note 20.2, the
     Group launched the Pre-IPO ESOP, the Post-IPO Share Option Scheme and the Post-IPO Share Award Scheme
     (collectively, the “JD Logistics Share Incentive Plan”).


     Share-based payments of RMB267.6 million in aggregate has been recognized during six months ended June 30,
     2026 (six months ended June 30, 2025: RMB170.7 million), with expenses for RSUs of RMB264.0 million
     (six months ended June 30, 2025: RMB201.1 million) and the remaining for share options.


     20.1 JD Group Share Incentive Plan
           JD Group grants its service-based share options and RSUs to the Group’s eligible employees and
           non-employees, which are treated as deemed contribution from JD Group and recorded in “other reserves”
           in the Group’s condensed consolidated financial statements. Under the JD Group Share Incentive Plan, the
           RSUs and share options are mainly scheduled to be vested over four or six years.


           The Group recognizes share-based payment expenses in its consolidated statement of profit or loss, net
           of estimated forfeitures, over a vesting term for service-based awards. Forfeitures are estimated based on
           historical experiences at the time of grant and revised in the subsequent periods if actual forfeitures differ
           from those estimates.




56    JD Logistics, Inc.
                  Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




20. Share-based payments (Continued)
   20.1 JD Group Share Incentive Plan (Continued)
       RSUs
       A summary of activities of the service-based RSUs is presented as follows:

                                                                                                                          Weighted
                                                                                                                     average grant-
                                                                                       Number of RSUs                date fair value
                                                                                                                                USD

       Unvested as of January 1, 2026                                                               997,126                       18.55
       Granted                                                                                      104,618                       14.75
       Vested                                                                                      (234,680)                      20.61
       Forfeited or cancelled                                                                      (175,168)                      19.20
       Transferred1                                                                                  81,346                       18.84

       Unvested as of June 30, 2026                                                                 773,242                       17.29

       Unvested as of January 1, 2025                                                            1,195,102                        19.12
       Granted                                                                                     209,048                        19.33
       Vested                                                                                     (320,028)                       19.54
       Forfeited or cancelled                                                                     (152,302)                       17.64
       Transferred1                                                                                155,540                        19.50

       Unvested as of June 30, 2025                                                              1,087,360                        19.31


       1    The transfer represents the addition or deduction of RSUs that were previously granted to employees who transferred into or out
            of the business carried out by the Group during the reporting periods.



       The estimated compensation cost of RSUs was based on the fair value of JD.com, Inc.’s ordinary shares
       on the date of the grant.


   20.2 JD Logistics Share Incentive Plan
       On March 31, 2018, the Board of Directors of the Company approved and adopted a share incentive
       plan (the “Pre-IPO ESOP”). The maximum aggregate number of underlying shares which may be issued
       pursuant to all awards under the Pre-IPO ESOP was 598,847,916 shares that are reserved under the
       Pre-IPO ESOP. The Pre-IPO ESOP is valid and effective for ten years from the approval of the Board of
       Directors of the Company.


       On May 10, 2021, the Company approved and adopted a share option scheme (the “Post-IPO Share
       Option Scheme”). The total number of ordinary shares which may be issued upon exercise of all
       options to be granted under the Post-IPO Share Option Scheme was 609,160,767 shares. The Post-IPO
       Share Option Scheme shall be valid and effective for the period of ten years commencing on the date of
       the Listing.



                                                                                                          INTERIM REPORT 2026          57
Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




20. Share-based payments (Continued)
     20.2 JD Logistics Share Incentive Plan (Continued)
           On May 10, 2021, the Company approved and adopted a share award scheme (the “Post-IPO Share
           Award Scheme”). The aggregate number of shares underlying all grants made pursuant to the Post-IPO
           Share Award Scheme should not exceed 609,160,767 shares without shareholders’ approval (excluding
           award shares which have been forfeited in accordance with the Post-IPO Share Award Scheme).


           The Group grants share-based awards to eligible employees and non-employees pursuant to the
           JD Logistics Share Incentive Plan, which governs the terms of the awards. Under the JD Logistics Share
           Incentive Plan, the share options and RSUs are generally service-based, with a minority being subject to
           performance conditions. These awards are vested in tranches over prescribed vesting periods, typically
           spanning four to six years from the vesting commencement date.

           (a)    Pre-IPO ESOP
                  The Company would not grant further share options under the Pre-IPO ESOP after the Listing.

                  During the current interim period, 8,059,478 share options under the Pre-IPO ESOP were exercised
                  (six months ended June 30, 2025: 5,691,130). The weighted average share price at the dates of
                  exercise was HKD13.45 (six months ended June 30, 2025: HKD12.64) per share.

                  Service-based share options
                  A summary of activities of the service-based share options is presented as follows:

                                                                                                   Weighted average
                                                                 Number of Weighted average               remaining
                                                              share options    exercise price       contractual term
                                                                                           USD                  Year

                  Outstanding as of January 1, 2026              63,905,670                 0.01                 4.1
                  Exercised                                      (7,844,244)                0.01
                  Forfeited or cancelled                         (1,023,922)                0.01

                  Outstanding as of June 30, 2026                55,037,504                 0.01                 3.7

                  Outstanding as of January 1, 2025              92,687,585                 0.01                 5.2
                  Exercised                                       (5,456,796)               0.01
                  Forfeited or cancelled                           (865,882)                0.01

                  Outstanding as of June 30, 2025                86,364,907                 0.01                 4.7


                  The number of exercisable service-based share options as of June 30, 2026 was 36,097,979
                  (December 31, 2025: 39,435,923).




58    JD Logistics, Inc.
                  Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




20. Share-based payments (Continued)
   20.2 JD Logistics Share Incentive Plan (Continued)
       (a)   Pre-IPO ESOP (Continued)
             Performance-based share options
             A summary of activities of the performance-based share options is presented as follows:

                                                                                            Weighted average
                                                           Number of Weighted average              remaining
                                                        share options    exercise price      contractual term
                                                                                     USD                    Year

             Outstanding as of January 1, 2026                613,348                0.01                    3.2
             Exercised                                       (215,234)               0.01
             Forfeited or cancelled                               (68)               0.01

             Outstanding as of June 30, 2026                  398,046                0.01                    2.7

             Outstanding as of January 1, 2025                 949,116               0.01                    4.2
             Exercised                                        (234,334)              0.01
             Forfeited or cancelled                             (5,000)              0.01

             Outstanding as of June 30, 2025                  709,782                0.01                    3.7



             The number of exercisable performance-based share options as of June 30, 2026 was 398,046
             (December 31, 2025: 613,348).


       (b)   Post-IPO Share Option Scheme
             As of June 30, 2026, no share options had been granted under the Post-IPO Share Option Scheme.




                                                                                      INTERIM REPORT 2026     59
Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




20. Share-based payments (Continued)
     20.2 JD Logistics Share Incentive Plan (Continued)
           (c)    Post-IPO Share Award Scheme
                  A summary of activities of the service-based RSUs is presented as follows:

                                                                                                        Weighted
                                                                                                   average grant-
                                                                             Number of RSUs        date fair value
                                                                                                              HKD

                  Unvested as of January 1, 2026                                   97,426,574                12.00
                  Granted                                                         139,662,722                14.24
                  Vested                                                          (21,687,880)               12.32
                  Forfeited or cancelled                                           (7,487,050)               12.65

                  Unvested as of June 30, 2026                                    207,914,366                13.45

                  Unvested as of January 1, 2025                                  101,833,657                12.26
                  Granted                                                          32,095,481                12.77
                  Vested                                                          (19,762,889)               13.14
                  Forfeited or cancelled                                           (6,480,851)               13.21

                  Unvested as of June 30, 2025                                    107,685,398                12.20



                  As of June 30, 2026, the total number of shares which may be issued upon vest of all RSUs to be
                  granted under the Post-IPO Share Award Scheme was 313,804,163 shares (December 31, 2025:
                  446,612,031).


                  The fair values of the RSUs granted during the current interim period were determined based on the
                  market value of the Company’s shares at the respective grant dates.


21. Dividends
     No dividend was paid or declared for ordinary shareholders of the Company for the six months ended June 30,
     2026. The directors of the Company have determined that no dividend will be paid in respect of the current
     interim period (six months ended June 30, 2025: none).




60    JD Logistics, Inc.
                     Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




22. Trade payables

                                                                                                         As of                      As of
                                                                                                      June 30,               December 31,
                                                                                                         2026                       2025
                                                                                                      RMB’000                    RMB’000
                                                                                                   (Unaudited)                   (Audited)

   Trade payables                                                                                     9,781,255                  10,549,144
   Trade payables under supplier financing arrangements*                                                149,717                     114,322

                                                                                                      9,930,972                  10,663,466


   *    Certain reputable financial institutions offer supply chain financing services to the Group’s suppliers. Suppliers can sell one or more of
        the Group’s payment obligations at their sole discretion to the financial institutions to receive funds ahead of time from the financial
        institutions to meet their cash flow needs. The Group’s rights and obligations to suppliers are not impacted. The original payment terms,
        timing and amount of trade payables remain unchanged. In the condensed consolidated statement of cash flows, settlements of these
        payables are included within operating cash flows based on the nature of the arrangements. As of June 30, 2026, for trade payables
        under supplier finance arrangements in the amount of RMB149.7 million (December 31, 2025: RMB114.3 million), suppliers have already
        received payment from the finance providers.



   The following is an aging analysis of trade payables presented based on the recognition date:

                                                                                                         As of                      As of
                                                                                                      June 30,               December 31,
                                                                                                         2026                       2025
                                                                                                      RMB’000                    RMB’000
                                                                                                   (Unaudited)                   (Audited)

   Within 3 months                                                                                    9,378,906                  10,188,339
   3 to 6 months                                                                                        132,630                     133,440
   6 to 12 months                                                                                       166,341                      97,115
   Over 12 months                                                                                       253,095                     244,572

                                                                                                      9,930,972                  10,663,466


   The credit period of trade payables mainly ranges from 30 to 120 days.




                                                                                                                INTERIM REPORT 2026           61
Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




23. Accrued expenses and other payables
                                                                                                           As of                     As of
                                                                                                        June 30,              December 31,
                                                                                                           2026                      2025
                                                                                                        RMB’000                   RMB’000
                                                                                                     (Unaudited)                  (Audited)

     Salary and welfare payables                                                                        6,429,446                  7,761,654
     Accrued expenses                                                                                   4,234,783                  4,350,959
     Deposits received                                                                                  2,912,414                  2,822,485
     Property and equipment payables                                                                    2,018,731                  2,496,449
     Put option to non-controlling interests1                                                           2,183,018                  1,639,114
     Packing materials payables                                                                         1,620,078                  1,603,970
     Other tax payables                                                                                 1,062,092                  1,212,264
     Temporary receipts                                                                                   272,106                    255,657
     Amounts due to a related party                                                                       293,736                      1,543
     Others                                                                                             1,144,454                  1,028,595

                                                                                                       22,170,858                 23,172,690


     1        As of June 30, 2026, put option to non-controlling interests in the amount of RMB2,183.0 million included in “accrued expenses and
              other payables” represented the Group’s obligation to purchase the remaining equity interests in Kuayue Express pursuant to the
              Kuayue Equity Transfer Agreement as set out in the 2025 Annual Report (December 31, 2025: RMB1,639.1 million included in “accrued
              expenses and other payables” and RMB2,476.7 million included in “other non-current liabilities”).


              As of June 30, 2026, deferred consideration payables of RMB480.4 million included in “other non-current liabilities” represented the
              remaining portion of the First Phase Consideration and the Second Phase Consideration, which is subject to payment arrangements
              pursuant to the Kuayue Equity Transfer Agreement (December 31, 2025: deferred consideration payables of RMB160.7 million included in
              “other non-current liabilities” represented the remaining portion of the First Phase Consideration).


24. Borrowings
     As of June 30, 2026, the Group had bank borrowings amounted to RMB5,174.6 million (December 31, 2025:
     RMB4,408.0 million), with interest rates ranging from 1.5% to 2.7% per annum (December 31, 2025: 1.8% to
     2.7% per annum), which were repayable within periods from within one year to over five years.




62       JD Logistics, Inc.
                                 Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




25. Deferred tax assets/liabilities
    The following is the analysis of the deferred tax balances for financial reporting purposes:

                                                                                                                     As of                           As of
                                                                                                                  June 30,                    December 31,
                                                                                                                     2026                            2025
                                                                                                                  RMB’000                         RMB’000
                                                                                                               (Unaudited)                        (Audited)

    Deferred tax assets                                                                                                 819,657                      848,658
    Deferred tax liabilities                                                                                         (1,345,233)                  (1,363,438)

                                                                                                                      (525,576)                      (514,780)


    The movements in deferred tax assets and liabilities during the reporting period are as follows:

                                                                     Share-                     Other                              Lease
                                                                     based                  intangible                         liabilities
                                                    Expected      payments                      assets Changes in                     and
                                                   credit loss    and other                acquired in fair value              provision
                                                    provision     employee Accelerated        business of financial Right-of-          for Withholding
                                        Tax losses and others      benefits depreciation combinations instruments use assets restoration           tax        Total
                                         RMB’000      RMB’000      RMB’000     RMB’000       RMB’000      RMB’000      RMB’000     RMB’000    RMB’000      RMB’000

    As of January 1, 2026 (audited)       776,286     130,907       177,346     (714,534)     (664,847)    (47,007) (4,377,935) 4,439,110      (234,106)   (514,780)
    (Charge)/credit to profit or loss      (75,595)       (180)     (30,628)     74,563        61,802       27,070     (132,043)    109,694     (44,233)     (9,550)
    Charge to other reserves                    —           —        (1,246)          —             —          —             —           —           —       (1,246)

    As of June 30, 2026 (unaudited)       700,691     130,727       145,472     (639,971)     (603,045)    (19,937) (4,509,978) 4,548,804      (278,339)   (525,576)

    As of January 1, 2025 (audited)       300,599     104,020       122,185     (637,315)     (800,156)    (86,520) (3,836,494) 3,885,013       (95,881) (1,044,549)
    Credit/(charge) to profit or loss      52,146       25,239      (15,979)     12,381        71,005        4,995     (449,737)    454,622     (56,581)     98,091
    Credit to other reserves                    —           —         3,019           —             —           —            —           —           —        3,019

    As of June 30, 2025 (unaudited)       352,745     129,259       109,225     (624,934)     (729,151)    (81,525) (4,286,231) 4,339,635      (152,462)   (943,439)




                                                                                                                                 INTERIM REPORT 2026            63
Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




26. Related party transactions
     The following significant transactions and balances were carried out between the Group and its related parties
     during the reporting period.


     26.1 Names and relationships with related parties
           The following companies are significant related parties of the Group that had transactions and/or balances
           with the Group during the reporting period:


           Name of related parties                                Relationships

           JD.com, Inc.                                           Ultimate parent company of the Company

           JD Group                                               Controlled by JD.com, Inc.

           ATRenew Inc. and its subsidiaries                      An associate of JD Group
             (“ATRenew Group”)

           JD Logistics Properties Core Fund, L.P.,               Associates and joint ventures of JD Group
             JD Logistics Properties Core Fund II, L.P.,
             JD Logistics Properties Core Fund III, L.P.,
             JD Logistics Properties Development Fund I, L.P.
             and other funds (“Property Funds”)

           Jingdong Technology Holding Co., Ltd. and its          An associate of JD Group, and controlled by
             subsidiaries (“JD Technology”)                         Mr. Richard Qiangdong Liu

           China Railway Jingdong Logistics Co., Ltd.             A joint venture of the Group
             (“Railway Jingdong”)

           Allianz Jingdong General Insurance Company Ltd.        An associate of JD Group
             (“Allianz JD”)


     26.2 Significant transactions with related parties
           The Group had entered into a series of continuing connected transaction arrangements (the “CCT
           Arrangements”) with JD Group and its associates in respect of Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules. Majority
           of related party transactions between the Group and JD Group/associates of JD Group are recognized
           based on the terms stipulated in the CCT Arrangements.


           The related party transactions with other related parties other than JD Group were carried out in the
           normal course of business and at terms negotiated between the Group and the respective related parties.
           The Group’s pricing policies of the transactions with related parties are determined on the basis of mutual
           negotiations between the relevant parties.




64    JD Logistics, Inc.
                 Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




26. Related party transactions (Continued)
   26.2 Significant transactions with related parties (Continued)
       Details of significant transactions with related parties recorded with the abovementioned terms and pricing
       policies for the reporting period are separately shown as follows:


                                                                                     Six months ended June 30,
                                                                        Notes               2026                2025
                                                                                        RMB’000          RMB’000
                                                                                      (Unaudited)      (Unaudited)

       Rendering of services:
         Services provided to JD Group                                       (i)       39,274,797      32,460,440
         Expenses claimed by JD Group                                        (i)          (33,827)         (49,701)
         Services provided to Allianz JD                                     (ii)        232,510          297,554
         Services provided to JD Technology                                 (iii)        204,719          142,638
         Services provided to ATRenew Group                                  (ii)          99,753          90,405


       Purchase of services and goods:
         Services, goods and share-based payments received
          from JD Group                                                     (iv)        1,478,256       1,366,415
         Services received from JD Technology                                (v)         674,629          424,849
         Services received from Railway Jingdong                            (vi)         221,784          190,200


       Lease arrangements:
         Interest on lease liabilities for leases with Property Funds       (vii)          86,869          86,360
         Interest on lease liabilities for leases with JD Group             (viii)         19,842          35,119


       Factoring arrangements:
         Trade receivables purchased by JD Technology                       (ix)        5,237,706       2,415,376
         Factoring expense charged by JD Technology                         (ix)           29,568          14,145




                                                                                          INTERIM REPORT 2026     65
Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




26. Related party transactions (Continued)
     26.2 Significant transactions with related parties (Continued)
           Rendering of services
           (i)     The Group provides integrated supply chain solutions and logistics services to JD Group in exchange
                   for service fees, including but not limited to warehousing and distribution services, express and
                   freight delivery services, on-demand delivery services, after sales and maintenance services, and
                   other related ancillary services. JD Group may claim compensation from the Group for any delay,
                   missing, damage or shortage of goods or parcels.


           (ii)    The Group is primarily engaged in providing integrated supply chain solutions and logistics services to
                   Allianz JD and ATRenew Group.


           (iii)   The Group is primarily engaged in providing promotional services, and installation and maintenance
                   services to JD Technology.


           Purchase of services and goods
           (iv)    JD Group provides back-office and administrative support services to the Group, including but not
                   limited to, certain human resources services, in addition to certain shared services, including office
                   premises sharing, transportation and canteen facilities for staff, administrative purchases and various
                   support services. The Group pays JD Group the actual costs incurred during the service process.


                   Except as described above, the Group also procures various types of equipment, products and
                   supplies including, among others, logistics equipment, vehicles, electronic equipment, office
                   equipment, packing and other consumable materials, and services including insurance services,
                   healthcare services, installation and maintenance services, from JD Group.


                   JD Group grants share options and RSUs to the Group’s eligible employees and non-employees
                   under the JD Group Share Incentive Plan.


                   Prior to the acquisition of the Target Business on October 31, 2025 as set out in the 2025 Annual
                   Report, JD Group provides platform services, on-demand last-mile delivery services, operation
                   support and freight services to the Group. The related party transactions disclosed herein represent
                   the transaction amounts prior to the acquisition.


           (v)     JD Technology primarily provides the Group with certain technology support related services, along
                   with ancillary and payment services.


           (vi)    Railway Jingdong primarily provides railway transportation services to the Group.




66    JD Logistics, Inc.
                  Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




26. Related party transactions (Continued)
   26.2 Significant transactions with related parties (Continued)
       Lease arrangements
       (vii) During the current interim period, the Group entered into several lease agreements for operational purposes
             with Property Funds for 2 to 6 years (six months ended June 30, 2025: 1 to 6 years). As of June 30, 2026,
             right-of-use assets amounted to RMB2,547.2 million (December 31, 2025: RMB2,553.4 million), and lease
             liabilities amounted to RMB2,779.5 million (December 31, 2025: RMB2,764.6 million).

       (viii) During the current interim period, the Group entered into several lease agreements for operational purposes
              with JD Group for 1 to 5 years (six months ended June 30, 2025: 1 to 5 years). As of June 30, 2026,
              right-of-use assets amounted to RMB928.0 million (December 31, 2025: RMB1,258.2 million), and lease
              liabilities amounted to RMB984.3 million (December 31, 2025: RMB1,326.2 million).


       Factoring arrangements
       (ix) JD Technology provides factoring services without recourse by purchasing the Group’s trade
            receivables originated from the provision of services or sale of goods to certain corporate customers
            that have entered into commercial agreements with the Group. JD Technology takes on the credit risk
            of the relevant counterparty upon purchasing of trade receivables, and charges service fees for the
            purchase of such trade receivables from the Group.

   26.3 Significant balances with related parties

                                                                                              As of           As of
                                                                                           June 30,     December 31,
                                                                                               2026                2025
                                                                                          RMB’000            RMB’000
                                                                                       (Unaudited)           (Audited)

       Due from related parties:
         Amount due from JD Group                                                         8,335,201         6,710,524
         Amount due from Allianz JD                                                          40,559                  —
         Amount due from ATRenew Group                                                       19,135             19,208
         Amount due from JD Technology                                                            —             18,901
         Amounts due from other related parties                                                1,288             2,722

                                                                                          8,396,183         6,751,355

       Due to related parties:
         Amount due to JD Technology                                                        293,736                  ­—
         Amount due to JD Group                                                              51,275             52,740
         Amount due to Railway Jingdong                                                      43,159             40,340
         Amount due to Allianz JD                                                                 —              1,543

                                                                                            388,170             94,623


                                                                                             INTERIM REPORT 2026      67
Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




26. Related party transactions (Continued)
     26.3 Significant balances with related parties (Continued)
           As of June 30, 2026, amounts due from related parties of RMB8,396.2 million were included in trade
           receivables (December 31, 2025: RMB6,751.4 million).


           As of June 30, 2026, amounts due to related parties of RMB51.3 million were included in advances from
           customers (December 31, 2025: RMB52.7 million), RMB43.2 million were included in trade payables
           (December 31, 2025: RMB40.3 million), and RMB293.7 million were included in accrued expenses and
           other payables (December 31, 2025: RMB1.5 million).


           The above amounts due from/due to related parties were unsecured, non-interest bearing and either
           repayable on demand or due within one year from the end of reporting period.


     26.4 Key management personnel compensation
           The remuneration of directors and other key management personnel is as follows:


                                                                                  Six months ended June 30,
                                                                                             2026         2025
                                                                                          RMB’000    RMB’000
                                                                                   (Unaudited)      (Unaudited)

           Salaries and bonuses                                                             4,539        2,990
           Share-based payments                                                           160,242       60,944
           Pension cost — defined contribution plans                                           58           75
           Welfare, medical and other benefits                                                318          208

                                                                                          165,157       64,217




68    JD Logistics, Inc.
                    Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




27. Fair value measurements of financial instruments
   Determination of fair value and fair value hierarchy
   Some of the Group’s financial instruments are measured at fair value for financial reporting purposes. When
   determining the fair value measurement for assets and liabilities required or permitted to be recorded at fair
   value, the Group considers the principal or most advantageous market in which it would transact and it considers
   assumptions that market participants would use when pricing the asset or liability.


   The fair values of these financial assets and financial liabilities are determined (in particular, the valuation
   technique(s) and key input(s) used), as well as the level of the fair value hierarchy into which the fair value
   measurements are categorized (Levels 1 to 3) based on the degree to which the inputs to the fair value
   measurements is observable.


   Fair values are categorized into different fair value hierarchy based on the inputs used in the valuation techniques
   as follows:


   •    Level 1 fair value measurements are those derived from quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for
        identical assets or liabilities;


   •    Level 2 fair value measurements are those derived from inputs other than quoted prices included within
        Level 1 that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly (i.e. as prices) or indirectly (i.e. derived
        from prices); and


   •    Level 3 fair value measurements are those derived from valuation techniques for which the lowest level
        input that is significant to the fair value measurement is unobservable (significant unobservable input).




                                                                                               INTERIM REPORT 2026      69
Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




27. Fair value measurements of financial instruments (Continued)
     27.1 Fair value of financial assets and financial liabilities that are measured at fair value on a
          recurring basis
           The following table gives information about how the fair values of these financial assets and financial
           liabilities are determined (in particular, the valuation technique(s) and inputs used), as well as the level of
           the fair value hierarchy into which the fair value measurements are categorized (Levels 1 to 3) based on
           the degree to which the inputs to the fair value measurements is observable.


                                           Fair value as of                        Valuation           Significant
           Financial assets/             June 30, December 31,        Fair value   technique(s)        unobservable
           financial liability               2026             2025    hierarchy    and key input(s) input(s)
                                        RMB’000          RMB’000
                                      (Unaudited)       (Audited)

           Financial assets
              Equity securities in        268,798         236,523     Level 1      Quoted bid          N/A
             listed entities                                                       prices in an
                                                                                   active market
              Equity investments in         2,500             2,500   Level 2      Recent              N/A
             unlisted entities                                                     transaction price
              Equity investments in       259,602         259,602     Level 3      A combination of Discount for lack
             unlisted entities                                                     observable and      of marketability;
                                                                                   unobservable        expected volatility
                                                                                   inputs
              Preferred shares            108,428         131,183     Level 2      Recent              N/A
             investments in                                                        transaction price
             unlisted entities




70    JD Logistics, Inc.
                  Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




27. Fair value measurements of financial instruments (Continued)
   27.1 Fair value of financial assets and financial liabilities that are measured at fair value on a
        recurring basis (Continued)

                                       Fair value as of                        Valuation            Significant
       Financial assets/             June 30, December 31,        Fair value   technique(s)         unobservable
       financial liability               2026             2025    hierarchy    and key input(s) input(s)
                                    RMB’000          RMB’000
                                 (Unaudited)         (Audited)

        Preferred shares              563,761         568,574     Level 3      A combination of Discount for lack
         investments in                                                        observable and      of marketability;
         unlisted entities                                                     unobservable        expected volatility
                                                                               inputs
        Trade receivables at        2,703,991        2,750,277    Level 3      Cash flow           Discount rate
         FVTOCI                                                                discounted using
                                                                               risk-adjusted
                                                                               discount rate
        Wealth management          18,327,645      21,789,392     Level 2      Cash flow           N/A
         products                                                              discounted using
                                                                               the expected
                                                                               return based
                                                                               on observable
                                                                               market inputs
       Financial liability
         Payables to interest          38,582           41,612    Level 3      Net assets          Net assets value
         holders of                                                            value of the        of the investment
         consolidated                                                          investment funds funds
         investment funds


       For the current interim period, fair value changes arose from the financial assets and financial liability
       measured at fair value classified within Level 3 as listed in the table above were insignificant. The directors
       of the Company consider that any reasonable changes in the significant unobservable inputs would not
       result in a significant change in the Group’s results. Accordingly, no sensitivity analysis is presented.




                                                                                            INTERIM REPORT 2026    71
Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




27. Fair value measurements of financial instruments (Continued)
     27.1 Fair value of financial assets and financial liabilities that are measured at fair value on a
          recurring basis (Continued)
           For assets and liabilities that are recognized in the financial statements on a recurring basis, the Group
           determines whether transfers have occurred between levels in the hierarchy by reassessing categorization
           (based on the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurement as a whole) at each
           reporting period end. During the current interim period, no transfer occurred between levels in the hierarchy.

     27.2 Reconciliation of Level 3 fair value measurements

                                                                                                              Payables to
                                                       Financial             Equity                      interest holders
                                                       assets at       instruments    Trade receivables   of consolidated
                                                          FVTPL          at FVTOCI           at FVTOCI investment funds
                                                       RMB’000            RMB’000             RMB’000           RMB’000

           As of January 1, 2026 (audited)               568,574            259,602          2,750,277            41,612
           Addition                                           —                  —         10,413,912                 —
           Changes in fair value                           5,152                 —                  —             (3,030)
           Settlement or disposal                         (1,932)                —        (10,460,198)                —
           Currency translation differences               (8,033)                —                  —                 —

           As of June 30, 2026 (unaudited)               563,761            259,602          2,703,991             38,582

           As of January 1, 2025 (audited)              812,390             236,935          2,063,273             50,999
           Addition                                       9,430                  —          4,028,793                  —
           Changes in fair value                        (18,263)                 —                  —                (720)
           Settlement or disposal                            —                   —         (4,131,707)                 —
           Currency translation differences              (1,496)                 —                  —                  —

           As of June 30, 2025 (unaudited)               802,061            236,935          1,960,359             50,279


     27.3 Fair value of financial assets and financial liabilities that are not measured at fair value on
          a recurring basis
           For the financial assets and financial liabilities that are not measured at fair value on a recurring basis, the
           directors of the Company consider that the carrying amounts of financial assets and financial liabilities in
           the condensed consolidated financial statements approximate their fair values due to short maturities or
           the interest rates are close to the market rates.

28. Events after the end of the reporting period
     There are no material subsequent events during the period from June 30, 2026 to the approval date of the
     condensed consolidated financial statements by the Board of Directors on August 13, 2026.




72    JD Logistics, Inc.
                                                                             DEFINITIONS



“3C”                          computer, communication, and consumer electronics


“ADSs”                        American Depositary Shares (each representing two Class A ordinary
                              shares) of JD.com


“affiliate(s)”                with respect to any specified person, any other person, directly or indirectly,
                              controlling or controlled by or under direct or indirect common control with
                              such specified person


“associate(s)”                has the meaning ascribed to it under the Listing Rules


“Audit Committee”             the audit committee of the Company


“Auditor”                     Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu, the auditor of the Company


“Award”                       the grant of Award Shares to the Eligible Persons in accordance with the
                              terms of the Post-IPO Share Award Scheme


“Award Shares”                the Shares granted under the Post-IPO Share Award Scheme


“Board”                       the board of Directors


“BVI”                         the British Virgin Islands


“CG Code”                     the Corporate Governance Code set out in Appendix C1 to the Listing Rules,
                              as amended from time to time


“China” or “the PRC”          the People’s Republic of China


“Class A ordinary share(s)”   Class A ordinary shares in the share capital of JD.com with par value of
                              US$0.00002 each, conferring a holder of a Class A ordinary share to one
                              vote per share on any resolution tabled at JD.com’s general meeting


“Class B ordinary share(s)”   Class B ordinary shares in the share capital of JD.com with par value of
                              US$0.00002 each, conferring weighted voting rights in JD.com such that a
                              holder of a Class B ordinary share is entitled to 20 votes per share on any
                              resolution tabled at JD.com’s general meeting




                                                                                 INTERIM REPORT 2026      73
Definitions (Continued)




“Companies Act”                      Companies Act (As Revised), Cap. 22 of the Cayman Islands, as amended,
                                     supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time


“Companies Ordinance”                Companies Ordinance (Chapter 622 of the Laws of Hong Kong), as
                                     amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time


“Company ”, “our Company”,           JD Logistics, Inc. (京東物流股份有限公司), an exempted company with
  “the Company” or “JD Logistics”    limited liability incorporated in the Cayman Islands on January 19, 2012


“connected person(s)”                has the meaning ascribed to it under the Listing Rules


“connected transaction(s)”           has the meaning ascribed to it under the Listing Rules


“Controlling Shareholder(s)”         has the meaning ascribed to it under the Listing Rules and unless
                                     the context otherwise requires, refers to Jingdong Technology Group
                                     Corporation, JD.com, Mr. Richard Qiangdong Liu (劉強東), Max Smart
                                     Limited and Fortune Rising Holdings Limited


“Deppon Logistics” or “Deppon”       Deppon Logistics Co., Ltd. (德邦物流股份有限公司)

“Director(s)”                        the director(s) of our Company


“Global Offering”                    the Hong Kong Public Offering and the International Offering as defined in
                                     the Prospectus


“Group”, “our Group”, “the Group”,   the Company, its subsidiaries and the consolidated affiliated entities of the
  “we”, “us”, or “our”               Company from time to time


“HK” or “Hong Kong”                  the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the PRC


“Hong Kong dollars” or               Hong Kong dollars, the lawful currency of Hong Kong
  “HK dollars” or “HKD”


“IFRSs”                              IFRS Accounting Standards, as issued from time to time by the International
                                     Accounting Standards Board




74    JD Logistics, Inc.
                                                                              Definitions (Continued)




“JD.com”                        JD.com, Inc., one of our Controlling Shareholders, a company incorporated
                                in the BVI on November 6, 2006 and subsequently redomiciled to the
                                Cayman Islands on January 16, 2014 as an exempted company registered
                                by way of continuation under the laws of the Cayman Islands and the shares
                                of which are listed on the Main Board (stock codes: 9618 (HKD counter) and
                                89618 (RMB counter)) under Chapter 19C of the Listing Rules and the ADSs
                                of which are listed on NASDAQ under the symbol “JD”


“JD Group”                      JD.com and its subsidiaries and consolidated affiliated entities, excluding
                                our Group


“JD Health”                     JD Health International Inc. (京東健康股份有限公司), an exempted company
                                with limited liability incorporated in the Cayman Islands on November 30,
                                2018 and the shares of which are listed on the Main Board (stock codes:
                                6618 (HKD counter) and 86618 (RMB counter))


“JD Industrials”                JINGDONG Industrials, Inc. (京東工业股份有限公司), an exempted
                                company with limited liability incorporated in the Cayman Islands on
                                November 5, 2019 and the shares of which are listed on the Main Board
                                (stock code: 7618)


“Kuayue Express”                Kuayue-Express Group Co., LTD. (跨越速運集團有限公司)

“Listing”                       the listing of the Shares on the Main Board


“Listing Date”                  May 28, 2021, the date on which the Shares were listed on the
                                Stock Exchange


“Listing Rules”                 the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on the Stock Exchange, as
                                amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time


“Main Board”                    the stock exchange (excluding the option market) operated by the Stock
                                Exchange which is independent from and operates in parallel with GEM of
                                the Stock Exchange


“Model Code”                    the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers
                                set out in Appendix C3 to the Listing Rules


“Nomination Committee”          the nomination committee of the Company


“Post-IPO Share Award Scheme”   the post-IPO share award scheme adopted by our Company on May 10, 2021




                                                                                 INTERIM REPORT 2026    75
Definitions (Continued)




“Post-IPO Share Option Scheme”    the post-IPO share option scheme adopted by the Company on May 10, 2021


“Pre-IPO ESOP”                    the pre-IPO employee share incentive plan adopted by our Company on
                                  March 31, 2018


“Prospectus”                      the prospectus of the Company dated May 17, 2021


“Remuneration Committee”          the remuneration committee of the Company


“Reporting Period”                the six months ended June 30, 2026


“RMB” or “Renminbi”               Renminbi, the lawful currency of PRC


“SFO”                             Securities and Futures Ordinance (Chapter 571 of the Laws of Hong Kong),
                                  as amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time


“Share(s)”                        ordinary share(s) in the share capital of our Company with par value of
                                  US$0.000025 each


“Shareholder(s)”                  holder(s) of our Share(s)


“Stock Exchange” or “Hong Kong    The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited
  Stock Exchange”


“subsidiary” or “subsidiaries”    has the meaning ascribed to it thereto in section 15 of the Companies
                                  Ordinance


“substantial shareholder(s)”      has the meaning ascribed to it in the Listing Rules


“U.S. SEC”                        the Securities and Exchange Commission of the United States


“United States”, “U.S.” or “US”   the United States of America, its territories, its possessions and all areas
                                  subject to its jurisdiction


“US dollars”, “U.S. dollars”,     United States dollars, the lawful currency of the United States
  “US$” or “USD”


“%”                               per cent




76      JD Logistics, Inc.
