ACCUMULATE STEADY PROGRESS
   ACHIEVE NEW BREAKTHROUGHS
   厚積薄發
           突破進取




                        ANNUAL REPORT

                        2022
CONTENTS
  2   Corporate Information
  3   Information for Shareholders
  4   Chairman’s Statement
 12   SIHL at a Glance
 13   Group Business Structure
 14   Business Review, Discussion and Analysis
 32   Financial Review
 39   Corporate Governance Report
 53   Directors’ and Senior Management Profiles
 58   Directors’ Report
 68   Independent Auditor’s Report
 73   Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss
 74   Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss
        and Other Comprehensive Income
 75   Consolidated Statement of Financial Position
 77   Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity
 80   Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
 83   Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
196   Financial Summary
197   Particulars of Major Properties Held for
        Investment Purposes
199   Glossary of Terms
    CORPORATE INFORMATION


    DIRECTORS                                                 COMPANY SECRETARY
    Executive Directors                                       Mr. Yee Foo Hei
    Mr. Shen Xiao Chu (Chairman)
    Mr. Zhou Jun (Vice Chairman & Chief Executive Officer)    QUALIFIED ACCOUNTANT
    Mr. Xu Bo (Deputy CEO)                                    Mr. Lee Kim Fung, Edward

    Independent Non-Executive Directors                       AUTHORISED REPRESENTATIVES
    Prof. Woo Chia-Wei                                        Mr. Zhou Jun
    Mr. Leung Pak To, Francis                                 Mr. Yee Foo Hei
    Mr. Yuen Tin Fan, Francis
                                                              REGISTERED OFFICE
    BOARD COMMITTEES                                          26th Floor, Harcourt House,
    Executive Committee                                       39 Gloucester Road,
    Mr. Shen Xiao Chu (Committee Chairman)                    Wanchai, Hong Kong
    Mr. Zhou Jun                                              Telephone : (852) 2529 5652
    Mr. Xu Bo                                                 Facsimile    : (852) 2529 5067
                                                              Email        : enquiry@sihl.com.hk
    Audit Committee
                                                              COMPANY STOCK CODE
    Mr. Leung Pak To, Francis (Committee Chairman)
    Prof. Woo Chia-Wei                                        Stock Exchange     : 363
    Mr. Yuen Tin Fan, Francis                                 Bloomberg          : 363 HK
                                                              Reuters            : 0363.HK
                                                              ADR                : SGHIY
    Remuneration Committee
    Prof. Woo Chia-Wei (Committee Chairman)                   COMPANY WEBSITE
    Mr. Leung Pak To, Francis
                                                              www.sihl.com.hk
    Mr. Yuen Tin Fan, Francis
    Ms. Xu Hui Hua
                                                              AUDITOR
    Ms. Zhou Xu Bo
                                                              Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu
    Nomination Committee                                      Registered Public Interest Entity Auditors

    Prof. Woo Chia-Wei (Committee Chairman)
                                                              ADR DEPOSITORY BANK
    Mr. Leung Pak To, Francis
    Mr. Yuen Tin Fan, Francis                                 The Bank of New York Mellon
    Ms. Xu Hui Hua                                            BNY Mellon Shareowner Services
    Ms. Zhou Xu Bo                                            P.O. Box 358516,
                                                              Pittsburgh, PA 15252-8516, USA
                                                              Telephone       : (1) 201 680 6825
                                                              Toll free (USA) : (1) 888 BNY ADRS
                                                              Website         : www.bnymellon.com/shareowner
                                                              Email           : shrrelations@bnymellon.com




2   SHANGHAI INDUSTRIAL HOLDINGS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                 INFORMATION FOR SHAREHOLDERS


SHAREHOLDER ENQUIRIES                                 DIVIDEND
Company Contact Details                               Proposed 2022 final dividend of HK50 cents per
                                                      Share (2021: HK54 cents per Share) will be paid to
Address   : 26th Floor, Harcourt House,               Shareholders on or about Friday, 16 June 2023 subject
            39 Gloucester Road,                       to Shareholders’ approval.
            Wanchai, Hong Kong
Telephone : (852) 2529 5652                           Subject to approval by Shareholders of the final dividend
Facsimile : (852) 2529 5067                           and together with the interim dividend of HK42 cents
                                                      per Share (2021: HK48 cents per Share) paid during
Email     : enquiry@sihl.com.hk
                                                      the year, total dividends for the year amounted to HK92
                                                      cents per Share (2021: HK102 cents per Share).
Company Secretarial
Telephone : (852) 2876 2317                           CLOSURE OF REGISTER OF MEMBERS
Facsimile : (852) 2863 0408                           For the purpose of determining Shareholders’ eligibility
                                                      to attend and vote at the Annual General Meeting, the
Investor Relations                                    register of members of the Company will be closed
Telephone : (852) 2821 3936                           on Wednesday, 17 May 2023 and Thursday, 18 May
                                                      2023, both days inclusive, during which period no
Facsimile : (852) 2529 5067
                                                      transfer of Shares will be effected. As such, all transfers
Email        : ir@sihl.com.hk                         accompanied by the relevant share certificates must
                                                      be lodged with the Company’s share registrar, Tricor
Share Registrar                                       Secretaries Limited, by 4:30 p.m. on Tuesday, 16 May
                                                      2023.
Tricor Secretaries Limited
Address      : 17th Floor, Far East Finance Centre,   For the purpose of determining Shareholders’
                 16 Harcourt Road                     entitlement to the final dividend, the register of
                 Hong Kong                            members of the Company will be closed on Monday,
Telephone : (852) 2980 1333                           5 June 2023, on which no transfer of Shares will be
                                                      effected. As such, all transfers accompanied by the
Facsimile : (852) 2861 1465
                                                      relevant share certificates must be lodged with the
                                                      Company’s share registrar, Tricor Secretaries Limited,
Our Website                                           by 4:30 p.m. on Friday, 2 June 2023.
Press releases and other information of the Group
can be found at our website: www.sihl.com.hk.




FINANCIAL CALENDAR
2022 interim results announced                                                                   30 August 2022
2022 final results announced                                                                     30 March 2023
Despatch of 2022 annual report                                                        on or about 17 April 2023
2023 annual general meeting                                                                         25 May 2023
Ex-dividend date for 2022 final dividend                                                            1 June 2023
Record date for 2022 final dividend                                                                 5 June 2023
Despatch of notice of 2022 final dividend                                             on or about 16 June 2023




                                                            SHANGHAI INDUSTRIAL HOLDINGS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022   3
    CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT




     Shen Xiao Chu
          Chairman




    I am pleased to report to our Shareholders the Group’s results for the year 2022.

    In 2022, prevention and control measures taken to contain the COVID-19 epidemic were still severe in Mainland
    China. In particular, cities including Shanghai and its surrounding areas were relatively more affected between
    March and July. These included the peak infection period of the public at the end of the year. Compounded by the
    complex international geopolitical environment, the supply chain of goods was significantly affected, resulting in a
    rapid rise in the prices of energy and food around the world. As consumer prices in some western countries reached
    record high, central banks of major countries raised their interest rates sharply and rapidly, leading to unusual
    fluctuations in the capital markets, including securities prices, exchange rates as well as interest rates. All these
    created further complexity and volatility to the overall business environment. Against this background, the Board
    of Directors and the Group’s management team overcame these extreme situation and challenges and achieved
    stable performance and profitability through making great efforts to encourage innovation in business operations,
    strengthen internal controls and to create further synergy between the financing activities and operations, other
    than maintaining the stable operation and development of the Group’s different core businesses. In accordance
    with national strategies, the Group has also made a strong commitment in enhancing ESG (Environmental, Social
    and Governance) value in our business development. All these fully reflect the strong resilience of the Group’s asset
    and business structures.

    For the year ended 31 December 2022, the Group’s audited total revenue amounted to HK$31,349 million,
    representing a decrease of 19.1%. Audited net profit dropped year-on-year by 38.2% to HK$2,314 million.

    In view of the relatively ample cash flows of the Group, the Board of Directors has recommended a final dividend
    of HK50 cents per Share (2021: HK54 cents per Share) for 2022, and together with an interim dividend of HK42
    cents per Share (2021: HK48 cents per Share) paid during the year. Total dividends for the year amounted to HK92
    cents per Share (2021: HK102 cents per Share). Dividend payout ratio for the year is 43.2%.




4   SHANGHAI INDUSTRIAL HOLDINGS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                                                                    CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT




The Group’s three principal businesses maintained steady business performance during the year. Affected by
epidemic control measures, the traffic flow and revenue of the toll roads business declined significantly in 2022.
The water services business achieved rapid growth in scale and maintained orderly development, and our market
share in the environmental protection industry in China continued to increase. The Group’s infrastructure facilities
business recorded profit of HK$1,926 million, representing a decrease of 18.7% over the previous year. For water
services, the turnover and net profit for SIIC Environment were RMB8,304 million and RMB780 million respectively,
up by 14.3% and 10.5% year on year. During the year, General Water of China recorded revenue of HK$2,150
million, representing a decline of 11.6% over last year; while net profit amounted to HK$248 million, representing a
year-on-year increase of 8.8%.

The real estate business recorded a profit of HK$300 million for the year, representing a decrease of 66.5% over
the previous year. SI Urban Development’s revenue for 2022 was HK$11,022 million, representing an increase of
0.1% over the previous year; profit attributable to shareholders was HK$407 million, a year-on-year decrease of
28.9%. SI Development’s revenue for the year amounted to RMB5,248 million, representing a decrease of 47.9%
over the previous year; profit attributable to shareholders was RMB123 million, representing a year-on-year decline
of 33.2%.

Affected by the pandemic and the global economic situation, the consumer products business recorded net profit
of HK$310 million, representing a year-on-year decrease of 53.7%.

In October 2022, Shanghai SI Yangtze, an indirectly held 50-50 joint venture of the Company, won the bid to
acquire a 40% equity interest in Shanghai Pharmaceutical Group for RMB6,236 million. The core business of
Shanghai Pharmaceutical Group covers a wide range of areas including chemical and biological drugs, traditional
Chinese medicines and pharmaceutical circulations, with products covering various aspects of human life and
health. The company also holds 19.38% of the A shares of Shanghai Pharmaceuticals Holding, and is the single
largest shareholder of its A shares. Shanghai Pharmaceuticals Holding is dually listed in Shanghai and Hong
Kong. Bidding for the equity interest in Shanghai Pharmaceutical Group is in line with the strategic positioning
and development direction of the Company’s business, and well adhered to the national development strategy of
a “Healthy China”. It also enables us to make full use of Hong Kong’s resources to expand our business in the
field of comprehensive healthcare operations, better promote the long-term and stable development of Shanghai’s
biomedical industry, and enjoy the dividend income brought by the growth in value of Shanghai Pharmaceutical
Group in the future, which will be conducive to promoting business synergies between both parties.

Infrastructure business committed to efficient coordination of epidemic prevention while the environmental
protection and clean energy segments achieved rapid growth
During the year, the Group’s three toll roads and the Hangzhou Bay Bridge faced unprecedented challenges
brought by the epidemic prevention and control measures, resulting in a significant decline of overall traffic flow
and toll revenue. In particular, Shanghai and its surrounding areas were relatively more affected from March to
July. Nevertheless, the overall traffic flow began to recover almost to the pre-outbreak level in August following
the gradual lifting of the lockdown. During the epidemic outbreak, all our toll road companies were committed to
efficient coordination between epidemic prevention and control measures and road operations. Great efforts were
made to assure smooth passage of vehicles transporting epidemic-prevention materials and medical personnel as
well as steady operation of the toll roads, including securing steady traffic flow during major festivals and events.
During the year, the Hu-Yu Expressway (Shanghai Section) cooperated with the Shanghai Municipal Transportation
Commission to proceed smoothly with the preliminary work of the widening and alteration project.

In June, a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company acquired a further 40% equity interest in SI Clean Energy for
RMB224 million, increasing its total equity interest to a total of 80%. The transaction is in line with the Company’s
strategy to continue to nurture and develop new energy business. Green Energy Company, in which SI Clean Energy
holds 30% equity, maintained steady production during the epidemic outbreak, and vigorously explored the new
energy market in Shanghai and across China.




                                                                  SHANGHAI INDUSTRIAL HOLDINGS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022   5
    CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT




    Benefiting from a series of favorable policies introduced by the State and the continued construction and tendering
    of new sewage treatment and water supply projects by local governments, SIIC Environment’s new projects
    as planned have made good progress. During the year, the company was awarded many new, upgrading and
    expansion sewage treatment and water supply projects, some of which have commenced commercial operation.
    During the year, the volume of sewage water treated by SIIC Environment grew 1.5% year on year to 2,470,000,000
    tonnes while the volume of water supply rose 3.1% year on year to 317,000,000 tonnes. As at the end of 2022,
    SIIC Environment operated close to 250 sewage treatment and water supply projects, with a total daily capacity
    reaching 13,040,000 tonnes. For solid waste incineration, the company’s key solid waste project, Baoshan
    project, entered into a commissioning phase in September 2022. It will serve as a solid waste benchmark project
    in the Yangtze River Delta region driving collaborative development in the region. This is of great significance to
    Shanghai for achieving the goal of zero landfill treatment of household waste. With the introduction of a series of
    environmental protection legislations and state policies relating to Yangtze River basin protection, urban black-
    odourous water treatment and solid waste as well as the strategic target for “carbon peaking and carbon neutrality”,
    ample opportunities and challenges have been provided for professional environmental protection companies. SIIC
    Environment will capitalize on such opportunities brought by government policies for promoting environmental and
    clean energy segments.

    Against difficult economic situations under the impact of the pandemic, General Water of China focused its efforts
    on three key areas in 2022 – “developing new markets, enhancing quality and efficiency, and pursuing innovation
    and reform”, took steps to fine-tune its operational concept and actively sought innovation and breakthroughs,
    thereby stabilizing and improving its core operations. The company has been named one of the Top 10 Most
    Influential Enterprises in China’s Water Industry for the 19th consecutive year and has been ranked among the top
    three.




6   SHANGHAI INDUSTRIAL HOLDINGS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                                                                     CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT




Canvest Environmental is a leading integrated urban environmental protection and sanitation solution provider,
focusing on waste-to-energy and the provision of intelligent urban environmental hygiene and related services,
and the Group currently holds a 19.48% equity interest. As at the end of 2022, Canvest Environmental recorded
revenue of HK$8,247 million, representing an increase of 21.4% over the previous year, mainly contributed by the
increase from power sales and sewage treatment tariffs from operating plants and construction revenue from new
projects. Profit attributable to equity holders for the year reached HK$1,333 million, representing an increase of 0.8%
over last year.

SUS Environment, 28.34% held by Shanghai SI Yangtze, is a comprehensive urban solid waste disposal service
provider with a full industry chain consisting of investment, construction and operation. The company’s projects are
mainly located in various provinces of China and include over 70 waste-to-energy public-private-partnership (PPP)
projects with a daily capacity of over 108,370 tonnes.

Through Shanghai Galaxy and Galaxy Energy under it, the two companies have photovoltaic power-generation
projects nationwide, either fully owned or through controlling shareholdings, with a total asset scale of 740 MW.
Approximately 1,130 million kWh of on-grid electricity in aggregate was sold during the year, representing an
increase of 1.44% over last year. During the year, respective national departments formulated and launched carbon
peaking and carbon neutrality “1 + N” policies to strive for green and low-carbon technological breakthroughs,
further enhance the dual control of energy consumption, and advocate for the whole society to save energy. Such
policies are expected to help accelerate industry development.




                                                                   SHANGHAI INDUSTRIAL HOLDINGS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022   7
    CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT




    Real estate business was affected by the pandemic and operating results declined
    In 2022, the repeated resurgence of the pandemic in Shanghai had a significant impact on the core real estate
    business of SI Development. On the one hand, the company took initiatives to deal with the operational pressure
    brought by the external environment and endeavored to make up for delays in construction and sales due to the
    pandemic lockdown. On the other hand, it made great efforts to resolve the adverse impact of the SIIC Longchuang
    incident to ensure stable operation of its business. During the year, SI Development responded to the requirements
    of respective government departments to fulfill its social responsibility. Rent-relief plans were formulated to support
    small and micro-enterprises and individual enterprises. For property services, the company made considerable
    efforts to combat the impact of the epidemic in Shanghai despite the difficult environment, to protect the lives and
    wellbeing of owners and residents. The company also contributed to the construction and operation of a makeshift
    hospital in Lingang of Shanghai.

    The land lot No. 91 at the North Bund of Shanghai with a total site area of approximately 34,585 square meters,
    in which SI Development maintained a 50% interest, will be developed by SI Development, jointly with two
    independent investors, into the tallest building in Puxi, Shanghai with a height of 480 meters, a complex comprising
    commercial and office facilities, etc., and the building is expected to become a new landmark in the North Bund
    area.

    To focus its efforts, capital and resources, fully secure existing development projects and safeguard medium-
    and long-term operating results, SI Development planned to exit its development project located at Lot No. 89
    situated at the North Bund in Hongkou District, Shanghai. The transaction is conducive to the return of capital to SI
    Development, enabling it to enhance its cash flow and focus its resources on key projects for the smooth operation
    and development of the company. The respective transaction was completed in mid-January 2023, realizing
    income of approximately RMB4,600 million.




8   SHANGHAI INDUSTRIAL HOLDINGS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                                                                  CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT




During the year, SI Urban Development promoted the construction of its key projects in accordance with
its schedule, strove to meet the construction timeline of its entrusted construction projects and enhance its
construction plans upon resumption of work and production in Shanghai. The structural topping out of a number
of projects were completed during the year. In June 2022, SI Urban Development announced a successful public
bid for the land-use rights of six parcels of land in Shanghai, PRC in conjunction with a joint bidder (being an
independent third party). The land parcels are located in Lingang New Area, the China (Shanghai) Pilot Free Trade
Zone, and are expected to be developed into approximately 271,081 square meters of residential development and
9,892 square meters of commercial development. The land parcels are located in a central part of Lingang New
Area and are of great value, which will further strengthen SI Urban Development’s leading position in the Shanghai
market. In November, SI Urban Development announced the acquisition of the 28.5% equity interest in Xi’an
Chanba held by an external shareholder of Xi’an Chanba. The remaining 71.5% shares are held by non-wholly
owned subsidiaries of SI Urban Development. Xi’an Chanba is the project company responsible for the development
of the Originally project located in Chanba Ecotope, Xi’an, the PRC. The acquisition will enhance the profit, the
flexibility of dividend distribution and capital management of SI Urban Development, and provide flexibility in
managing the project and subsequent contract sales or leasing of the property units.

Consumer products business strove for breakthroughs and maintained steady development
In 2022, facing the impact of the global economic situation and the once-in-a-century pandemic, Nanyang Tobacco
suffered huge pressure and considerable impact in consumption, logistics and production. The management of the
company responded to the situation and sought breakthroughs through a series of initiatives. First and foremost,
the company insisted on uninterrupted management and operations and implemented such measures as closed-
management mode to guarantee non-stop production, demonstrating the resilience of a century-old enterprise.
During the year, the company also undertook initiatives on lowering inventories, adjusting its status and reducing
costs for the production and operations.

In the face of the complex and volatile market environment in 2022, Wing Fat Printing demonstrated stable
performance by adhering to its stable operation strategy and established strategic direction to overcome the
challenges brought by downward economics.




                                                                SHANGHAI INDUSTRIAL HOLDINGS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022   9
     CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT




     PROSPECTS
     Looking forward to 2023, as epidemic prevention and control measures have been relaxed to a great extent in
     countries throughout the world, the economy is gradually returning to normal and there are signs of a substantial
     rebound. Nevertheless, in view of a number of factors, such as heightened geopolitical risk, ongoing unilateralism in
     international trade implemented by certain countries, and tightening policies on specific industries in the Mainland,
     the management of the Group is fully aware that there are still many uncertainties in the operational and business
     environment. Against this scenario, the Group will continue to pursue its reform and innovation programs, step up
     efforts in upgrading our core businesses, and enhance management efficiency and precision. We will also strive to
     consolidate our resources, strengthen risk controls, improve our profitability, and continue to look for opportunities
     to acquire quality projects to optimize our asset portfolio and enhance Shareholder value.

     For the infrastructure and environmental protection segments, SIIC Environment will closely follow national policies,
     pursue green development, speed up digitalization and low-carbon development, and continue to seek new
     opportunities in the environmental protection sector. While further strengthening its strategic layout in the Yangtze
     River Delta region, the company will expand into other key regions and basins and build more high standard and
     modern environmental protection projects to achieve steady and high-quality development, and maintain its leading
     position among the top-tier players in China’s water and environmental protection industries. The toll roads business
     will continue to enhance operational efficiency and maintain steady business development. Through investments
     in new business arenas, the Group’s investments in the environmental-protection and green-energy segments are
     expected to make new contributions.

     For the real estate business, as the central Government has begun to relax epidemic controls and launch policies
     to support economic growth, the industry outlook is expected to remain positive. The Company will closely monitor
     national policies and market trends, streamline its strategic plans, further explore market opportunities, revitalize
     existing assets, seek new sources of funds and financing channels, and accelerate the collection of receivables so
     as to improve operating efficiency. At the same time, we will further strengthen overall risk controls and promote
     healthy, stable and high-quality development.




10   SHANGHAI INDUSTRIAL HOLDINGS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                                                                   CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT




Against an ever-changing global environment, Nanyang Tobacco will continue to conduct in-depth research on
technology transformation and application to ensure that its equipment and technology are at the forefront of the
industry. With the gradual relaxation of pandemic control measures in Mainland China, the company will be well
prepared for market recovery and continue to adhere to the development policy of “Ensuring healthy internal
operation and external development; strengthening business growth and pursuing excellence” to re-activate the
market, revitalize its brand and reshape itself, to promote business transformation, pursue internationalization and
strive to become a regional industry leader.

In the uncertain and complex operating environment, Wing Fat Printing is determined to enhance awareness of risk
factors and macro situations, and insist on risk prevention to safeguard high-quality development and to effectively
maintain its stable asset structure. Moving forward, the company will continue to work hard and thoroughly explore
development trends in the paper packaging industry, seize opportunities when they arise, and strive for another
outstanding chapter in the journey towards the 110th anniversary of Wing Fat.

Finally, on behalf of the Board of Directors, I wish to thank our Shareholders and business partners for their
continued patronage and support to the Group and extend my sincere gratitude to our management team and staff
members for their dedication and contributions in the development of our business.




Shen Xiao Chu
Chairman

Hong Kong, 30 March 2023




                                                                 SHANGHAI INDUSTRIAL HOLDINGS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022   11
     SIHL AT A GLANCE


     Shanghai Industrial Holdings Limited (“SIHL”, HKSE Stock Code: 363) was incorporated in Hong
     Kong in January 1996, and on 30 May of the same year was listed on the Stock Exchange of Hong
     Kong. SIHL is a constituent stock of the MSCI China Index and Hang Seng Composite Index, and an
     eligible stock of Shanghai-Hong Kong Stock Connect and Shenzhen-Hong Kong Stock Connect. At
     the end of 2022, the company’s total assets reached HK$193.9 billion.

     Shanghai Industrial Holdings Limited, is the largest overseas conglomerate enterprise of Shanghai
     Industrial Investments (Holdings) Company Limited (“SIIC”). As the flagship company in SIIC group,
     SIHL has been successful in leveraging its Shanghai advantage since listing, in terms of securing the
     best investment opportunities in mainland China with full support from the parent company.

     Over 20 years’ development, SIHL has become a conglomerate company with three core businesses:
     infrastructure facilities (including toll roads/bridge, and environmental protection related business
     such as sewage treatment and solid waste treatment business), real estate and consumer products
     (including Nanyang Tobacco and Wing Fat Printing). SIHL will continue to raise its governance
     standard in order to create favourable returns and value for shareholders.




12   SHANGHAI INDUSTRIAL HOLDINGS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                      GROUP BUSINESS STRUCTURE
                                                                                                     As at 30 March 2023




          INFRASTRUCTURE                                  REAL                                 CONSUMER
              FACILITIES                                 ESTATE                                PRODUCTS




                       WATER SERVICES /                       48.60%
TOLL ROADS / BRIDGE     CLEAN ENERGY                                                 TOBACCO                   PRINTING
                                                              Shanghai
                                                              Industrial
                                                              Development Co.,
                                                              Ltd. (600748 SSE)


             100%                  49.25%                     43.02%
             Shanghai Hu-Ning      SIIC Environment           Shanghai Industrial
                                                              Urban Development        100%                    94.29%
             Expressway            Holdings Ltd.
                                                              Group Limited       Nanyang Brothers          The Wing Fat
             (Shanghai Section)    (BHK SGX; 807 HKSE)
                                                              (563 HKSE)          Tobacco Company,          Printing Company,
             Co., Ltd.
                                                                                  Limited                   Limited
             100%                  45%
             Shanghai Luqiao       General Water of
             Development           China Co., Ltd.
             Co., Ltd.


             100%                  19.48%
             Shanghai Shen-Yu      Canvest
             Development Co.,      Environmental
             Ltd.                  Protection Group
                                   Company Limited
                                   (1381 HKSE)

             23.0584%              14.17%
             Ningbo Hangzhou       Shanghai SUS
             Bay Bridge            Environment Co.,
             Development           Ltd.
             Co., Ltd.




                                                                    SHANGHAI INDUSTRIAL HOLDINGS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022     13
     BUSINESS REVIEW, DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


     For the year ended 31 December 2022, the Group’s audited revenue amounted to HK$31,349 million, representing
     a year-on-year decline of 19.1%. Profit attributable to shareholders was HK$2,314 million, a drop of 38.2% over
     last year. In 2022, despite the extreme operating environment faced by the Group’s business segments due to the
     resurgence of the pandemic, geopolitical instability and the volatility of the market, which presented enormous
     pressure and challenges to the operation of the Group, the management of the Company adhered to the principle
     of seeking progress while maintaining stability, and was able to overcome hurdles to achieve stable performance
     and profitability. This fully reflects the Group’s strong resilience of its asset and business structures.

     During the year, the Company persisted in promoting technological and business innovation, strengthening internal
     control, deepening the integration of financing and business operation as well as seizing opportunities to acquire
     additional premier assets, while considerable efforts were made to complete its key projects on schedule. With
     such focus, the Group achieved its established annual targets and maintained long-term and steady business
     development. In line with respective national strategies, the Group has also made a strong commitment in
     enhancing ESG (Environmental, Social and Governance) value in our business development, promoting a long-
     term sustainable development pattern for the future. As the global pandemic continued to subside and customs
     clearance between China and Hong Kong began to normalize, the Group’s business segments will be able to restore
     their growth momentum with further strengthening of its core businesses and step up the pace for high-quality
     development.

                                         Profit contribution from the Group’s core businesses
                           Consumer
                           Products

                           12.2%

                      Real Estate

                      11.8%
                                                                                                  Infrastructure
                                                                                                  Facilities

                                                                                                  76.0%


     INFRASTRUCTURE FACILITIES
     During the year, the infrastructure facilities business recorded a profit of HK$1,926 million, dropping by 18.7%
     over the past year and accounting for 76.0% of the Group’s Net Business Profit. The decrease was mainly due to
     significant reductions in revenue and traffic flow of the toll road business following lockdowns due to the pandemic.
     The water services business continued to make relatively rapid progress with steady growth in scale and increased
     its market share in China’s environmental protection industry.

     In October 2022, Shanghai SI Yangtze, an indirect 50-50 joint venture of the Company, won the bid to acquire a
     40% equity interest of Shanghai Pharmaceutical Group for RMB6,236 million. The core business of the newly-
     acquired company covers a wide range of areas, including chemical and biological drugs, traditional Chinese
     medicines and pharmaceutical circulations, with products covering different areas of human life and health.
     Shanghai Pharmaceutical Group also holds 19.38% of the A shares of Shanghai Pharmaceuticals Holding, dually
     listed in Shanghai and Hong Kong, and is the single-largest shareholder of its A shares. The successful bidding is
     in line with the strategic positioning and development direction of the Company’s business, and follows the national
     development strategy of a “Healthy China”. The acquisition is expected to enable us to capitalize on Hong Kong’s
     resources to broaden the scope of our business in the area of comprehensive healthcare operations, better promote
     the long-term and stable development of Shanghai’s biomedical industry, and enjoy the dividend income brought
     by the growth in value of Shanghai Pharmaceutical Group in the future, all of which are conducive to promoting
     business synergy between the two parties.



14   SHANGHAI INDUSTRIAL HOLDINGS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                                           BUSINESS REVIEW, DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




Toll Roads/Bridge
In 2022, the Group’s three toll roads and the Hangzhou Bay Bridge experienced a significant decrease in overall
traffic flow and toll revenue, mainly due to the unprecedented epidemic control situations caused by the COVID-19
epidemic. In particular, Shanghai and surrounding areas were relatively more affected from March to July.
However, with the gradual lifting of lockdown in June and subsequent resumption of work and production, the
overall traffic flow basically recovered to the pre-outbreak levels in August. Nevertheless, toll revenue recorded a
loss from September to early December due to epidemic prevention-and-control management measures in various
provinces and the “test upon arrival” requirements for vehicles traveling to and from Shanghai, coupled by the peak
infection period for the public towards the end of the year, resulted in the lowering of incoming and outgoing traffic
flows. Furthermore, the opening of the western extension of the Songze elevated main line and selected ramps on
7 February 2022 further affected the traffic flow of the Hu-Yu Expressway (Shanghai Section). In accordance with
the requirements of respective government departments and to support the post-epidemic prevention-and-control
environment and business activities of related enterprises following resumption of work and production, the toll
roads also offered rent reductions to leasing units in the service areas during the year.

Despite the challenging circumstances, all toll companies remained committed to efficient coordination of epidemic
prevention and control as well as road operations. They implemented strict safety controls, epidemic prevention and
control, and emergency-management measures to ensure the smooth passage of vehicles transporting epidemic-
prevention materials and medical personnel as well as steady operation of the expressways. During the year, the
toll roads made every effort to secure smooth traffic flow during major festivals and events while unremittingly
implementing regular epidemic prevention-and-control measures. They were able to maintain safe, steady and
orderly traffic flows throughout the convening of the 20th Party Congress and the Import Expo. Additionally, the Hu-
Yu Expressway (Shanghai Section) cooperated with the Shanghai Municipal Transportation Commission to proceed
smoothly with the preliminary work of the widening and alteration project.

The key operating figures of the respective toll roads/bridge under the Group for the year are as follows:

                              Interest        Net profit                                             Traffic flow
                         attributable       attributable                                                (vehicle
Toll Roads/Bridge       to the Group       to the Group     Change       Toll revenue   Change          journey)    Change

Jing-Hu Expressway
   (Shanghai Section）          100%      HK$230 million     -48.1%    HK$400 million    -35.5%      25.78 million   -34.6%
Hu-Kun Expressway
  (Shanghai Section）           100%      HK$383 million     -24.9%    HK$653 million    -29.1%      51.43 million   -26.9%
Hu-Yu Expressway
  (Shanghai Section）           100%      HK$122 million     -47.5%    HK$390 million    -36.6%      28.75 million   -31.8%
Hangzhou Bay Bridge       23.0584%       HK$154 million     -22.4%   HK$1,941 million   -20.2%      13.79 million   -19.3%
Total                                    HK$889 million     -35.8%   HK$3,384 million   -26.2%     119.75 million   -29.2%


During the year, the Group’s toll roads continued to strengthen smooth road passage and enhanced service quality
of the toll counters by means of competitions to reward and motivate toll collectors. In addition, a three-year specific
work safety campaign has been organized to strengthen employees’ awareness of work safety. Furthermore,
multiple measures have been adopted to promote the quality and efficiency of road facilities and to ensure that all
types of expressway facilities are maintained in sound condition. The project companies also made considerable
efforts to promote smart applications, resulting in significant improvements in monitoring operational efficiency.
In addition, the toll collection system was constantly improved, and audits for fee recovery were strengthened to
ensure collection of fees due. The Hangzhou Bay Bridge and the “two districts and one island” were generally
running in an orderly manner, and road maintenance work and inspection of large and certain small and medium-
sized bridges were completed in accordance with the specific annual maintenance plans for road facilities.




                                                                     SHANGHAI INDUSTRIAL HOLDINGS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022   15
     BUSINESS REVIEW, DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




     In June 2022, the Company acquired, through its indirect wholly-owned subsidiary Shanghai Jiyun, a further
     40% equity interest in SI Clean Energy for RMB224 million. The acquisition was completed in October, following
     which Shanghai Jiyun now holds a total of 80% equity interest in the company. The transaction is in line with
     the Company’s strategy to continue to nurture and develop its new energy business while increasing the profit
     contributions to the Group. Green Energy Company, in which SI Clean Energy holds a 30% equity interest,
     maintained normal operations during the epidemic period and currently owns six new energy stations with a total
     capacity of 540 MW, of which the Fengxian project and the Donghai expansion project have been connected to
     the grid at full capacity, and the projects are making steady progress. To further promote the strategic upgrade
     and enhancement of the company’s capability, the project company has made considerable efforts to explore new
     energy markets in Shanghai and across China. In April this year, the project company formed a consortium with
     other parties and successfully acquired the development right for the operation of the Jinshan Phase I offshore wind
     power project.

     Water Services/Clean Energy
     Capitalizing on opportunities brought about by national policies which emphasize the need to promote
     environmental protection and clean energy sectors, the Group accelerated the expansion of its environmental
     protection segment and further integrated the financing activities with its business operations for high-quality and
     sustainable development.

     SIIC Environment
     In 2022, total revenue of SIIC Environment reached RMB8,304 million, representing a year-on-year increase of
     14.3%, of which construction revenue increased by 19.4% over the previous year, primarily attributable to the
     construction progress of the Shanghai Baoshan Renewable Energy Utilization Center, a key solid waste treatment
     project. The center commenced the commissioning phase in September 2022, contributing to higher construction
     revenue for the year. Operating and maintenance income and financial income from service concession
     arrangements recorded a year-on-year increase of 9.7%. The increase was mainly due to higher sewage treatment
     volume and water supply volume, as well as higher average sewage treatment tariffs. Net profit attributable to
     shareholders for the year was RMB780 million, a year-on-year increase of 10.5%. Gross profit for the year increased
     by 9.5% over the previous year.

     Benefiting from a series of favorable policies introduced by the State and the continued construction and tendering
     of new sewage treatment and water supply projects by local governments, SIIC Environmental’s new projects have
     made good progress. During the year, the company was awarded 13 new sewage treatment and water supply
     projects with a total planned daily capacity of 367,200 tonnes. In addition, seven sewage treatment projects with a
     planned daily capacity of 880,000 tonnes in total were awarded upgrades, expansion, tariff increase and extension
     of operation-and-management (O&M) periods, and a tariff increase was signed for a sludge treatment project with
     a planned daily capacity of 200 tonnes. Furthermore, 12 projects of SIIC Environment commenced commercial
     operation, among which one was a reclaimed-water treatment project with a total planned daily capacity of 40,000
     tonnes, and 11 were upgrading and expansion projects with a total planned daily capacity of 1,090,000 tonnes. As
     at the end of 2022, SIIC Environment had almost 250 sewage treatment and water supply projects, and the total
     daily capacity reached 13,040,000 tonnes.




16   SHANGHAI INDUSTRIAL HOLDINGS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                                       BUSINESS REVIEW, DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




During the year, the volume of sewage water treated by SIIC Environment grew 1.5% year-on-year to 2,470,000,000
tonnes, while the water supply volume rose by 3.1% year-on-year to 317,000,000 tonnes. In terms of treatment
tariffs, the average sewage treatment tariff increased by 9.5% year-on-year to RMB1.86 per tonne and average
water supply tariff was RMB2.48 per tonne, representing a slight decrease of 1.9% over the previous year.

Driven by a series of favourable policies, SIIC Environment leveraged its resource advantages and unwaveringly
followed its own pace of development during the year. The company won the bid for the Cangxi project in Sichuan
in August, commenced construction of the Xicen project in November and won the bid for the Macau project in
December. While further strengthening its strategic deployment in the Yangtze River Delta region, SIIC Environment
accelerated expansion in the Guangdong-Hong Kong-Macao Greater Bay Area and the Yangtze River Economic
Belt. For solid waste incineration, the company’s key solid waste project, the Baoshan project, entered into the
commissioning phase in September 2022. It will serve as a solid waste benchmark project in the Yangtze River
Delta region, driving collaborative development in the region, and will be of great significance for Shanghai in
achieving the goal of zero landfill treatment of household waste.

SIIC Environment will closely follow national policies, pursue green development, speed up digitalization and
low-carbon development, and continue to seek new opportunities in the environmental protection sector. The
company’s future focus will be on realizing the green development concept into practice in the Baoshan and Xicen
projects. While further strengthening its strategic layout in the Yangtze River Delta region, the company will actively
expand into other key regions and basins and build more high-standard and modern environmental protection
projects to achieve steady and high-quality development, and maintain its leading position among the top-tier
players in China’s water and environmental protection industries.




                                                                   SHANGHAI INDUSTRIAL HOLDINGS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022   17
     BUSINESS REVIEW, DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




     General Water of China
     In 2022, despite the difficult economic situations brought about by the pandemic, General Water of China
     proactively adjusted its operational focus on three key areas: developing new markets, enhancing quality and
     efficiency, and pursuing innovation and reform. The company also sought innovation and breakthroughs to stabilize
     and improve its core operations. As at the end of 2022, the company operated a total of 34 water-supply plants
     and 27 sewage-treatment plants with a combined daily capacity of 6,556,000 tonnes. The daily capacity of water
     generation is 3,004,500 tonnes and the daily capacity of sewage treatment is 3,551,500 tonnes. The company has
     two reservoirs with a total storage capacity of 182,320,000 tonnes and a pipe network of 6,248 kilometers. During
     the year, General Water of China recorded revenue of HK$2,150 million, representing a year-on-year decrease of
     11.6%. Net profit amounted to HK$248 million, representing a rise of 8.8% over the previous year.

     During the year, General Water of China acquired/signed 13 new projects with a total planned investment of
     RMB532 million and a contract sum of approximately RMB225 million. The new projects have a daily capacity
     of 712,000 tonnes, a pipe network of 4,803 kilometers and photovoltaic power generation of 7.08 MW. The new
     projects include: (1) an urban-rural integrated water supply EPCO project in Dangshan County; (2) a sewage-
     treatment plant (Phase II) project in Aotou, Xiamen; (3) a sewage-treatment plant upgrading entrusted EPCM
     project in eastern Wenzhou City; (4) the cleaning and discharge technology improvement PPP project for the
     sewage-treatment plant in the new zone of eastern Huzhou City; (5) an urban-rural integrated water supply
     entrusted operation project in Wuhe County; (6) the water-supply booster pumping station project in the west
     of Bengbu City; (7) the reclaimed-water plant project in Yujiawu Sub-center; (8) the main water-supply network
     of Xiangyang with the construction of a new pipe network of 51 kilometers; and (9) the five photovoltaic power
     generation projects for the sewage-treatment plant in the new zone of eastern Huzhou City, Bengbu Zhonghuan
     Sewage Treatment Co., Ltd., the water supply plant in Guzhen County, the water plant in the west of Huaiyuan City
     and Guzhen Zhonghuan Sewage Treatment Co., Ltd.

     For the 19th consecutive year, General Water of China has been named one of the Top 10 Most Influential
     Enterprises in China’s Water Industry, and has been ranked among the top three. During the year, Xiangtan No. 3
     water-plant project, involving upgrading, alteration and expansion, was awarded “Hunan Province Quality Project”
     by Hunan Construction Industry Association. The sewage-treatment plant in the new zone of eastern Huzhou City
     was awarded “Key Precision Control Benchmark Sewage Plant” in the smart sector at the 2022 (the 14th) Shanghai
     Water Industry Hot Topics Forum.

     Canvest Environmental
     Canvest Environmental is a leading integrated urban environmental protection and sanitation solution provider,
     focusing on waste-to-energy and the provision of intelligent urban environmental hygiene and related services. The
     Group currently holds 19.48% equity interests. For 2022, Canvest Environmental recorded revenue of HK$8,247
     million, representing an increase of 21.4% over the previous year. The increase was mainly contributed by the
     increase in power sales and sewage treatment tariffs from operating plants, and construction revenue from new
     projects. Profit attributable to equity holders for the year reached HK$1,333 million, representing a year-on-year
     increase of 0.8%.

     During the year, Canvest Environmental had secured 38 projects with a daily processing capacity of 56,740 tonnes,
     and has a total of 31 projects in operation with a daily processing capacity of 41,890 tonnes. Its business coverage
     expanded to 13 provinces and 28 cities in China. The total daily capacity of the new projects for the year amounted
     to 5,750 tonnes, further enhancing its business deployment in Mainland China. Nearly 14,000,000 tonnes of waste
     were innocuously treated during the year, an increase of 26.4% over last year. Annual electricity generation reached
     5,250 million kWh, a year-on-year increase of 19.9%.




18   SHANGHAI INDUSTRIAL HOLDINGS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                                     BUSINESS REVIEW, DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




SUS Environment
SUS Environment, held 28.34% by Shanghai SI Yangtze, is a comprehensive urban solid waste disposal service
provider with a full industry chain, consisting of investment, construction and operation. Currently, the company’s
projects are mainly located in Mainland China, including such cities as Ningbo, Zhuhai, Qingdao, Xi’an, Taiyuan
and Lhasa.

As at the end of 2022, the company’s waste incineration projects had a total daily capacity of 34,600 tonnes. The
amount of household waste entering the plants for the year was 13,100,000 tonnes, representing a year-on-year
increase of 49.8%. The amount of on-grid electricity sold was 4,550 million kWh, representing a year-on-year
increase of 49.7%. During the year, six waste-to-energy projects were newly acquired in Mainland China, with a
daily capacity of 6,250 tonnes, while the construction progress of waste-to-energy projects accelerated, with 17
projects being put forward. In addition, the company was awarded 16 complete equipment projects with a total
daily capacity of 14,300 tonnes and two EPC projects with a total daily capacity of 1,450 tonnes. In terms of new
business, the company also won the bid for the construction waste PPP project in Ganyu, Lianyungang (90,000
tonnes/annual renovation waste + 150,000 tonnes/year of demolition waste). On the basis of consolidating and
expanding its existing core businesses, it will actively cultivate and expand new businesses such as integrated
sanitation and construction waste and develop international markets.




                                                                 SHANGHAI INDUSTRIAL HOLDINGS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022   19
     BUSINESS REVIEW, DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




     Overview of the geographic distribution of the water development projects under the Group as at 31 December
     2022 are as follows:



                    SIIC Environment                          General Water of China
                              SIIC Environment                         General Water of China




                                                                                                                                               Heilongjiang
                                                                                                                                                           Heilongjiang




                                                                                                                                                  Jilin
                                                                                                                                                              Jilin


                                                                                                                                    Liaoning
                                                                                                                                                  Liaoning
                                                                                         Inner Mongolia
                                                                                                    Inner Mongolia




                                                                          Ningxia Hui           Shanxi
                                                                                      Ningxia Hui            Shanxi
                                                                                                                 Shandong
                                                                       Autonomous region                                          Shandong
                                                                                  Autonomous region


                                                                                                                          Jiangsu
                                                                                                       Henan                             Jiangsu
                                                                                                                    Henan
                                                                                                                                Shanghai
                                                                                                                       Anhui                    Shanghai
                                                                                                                                     Anhui
                                                                  Sichuan                          Hubei
                                                                              Sichuan                           Hubei
                                                                                                                                 Zhejiang
                                                                                                                                                Zhejiang
                                                                                                                Jiangxi
                                                                                                  Hunan                        Jiangxi
                                                                                                               Hunan
                                                                                                                           Fujian
                                                                                                                                         Fujian


                                                                                        Guangxi        Guangdong
                                                                                                    Guangxi      Guangdong




                               Sewage treatment                             Reclaimed water                            Water supply
                                                                            treament

                               Waste incineration                        Sludge treatment



     Note: Please refer to the 2022 Annual Report of SIIC Environment for an overview of SIIC Environment’s water development projects as at 31 December 2022.




20   SHANGHAI INDUSTRIAL HOLDINGS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                                                                  BUSINESS REVIEW, DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




Anhui                                                 Hubei                                                     Ningxia Hui Autonomous Region
Total no. Daily capacity   Total no. Daily capacity   Total no. Daily capacity   Total no. Daily capacity        Total no. Daily capacity
of projects (tonnes)       of projects (tonnes)       of projects (tonnes)       of projects (tonnes)            of projects (tonnes)
     2     60,000               2     400,000              11 1,050,000               1     950,000                   4     250,000

                                3     1,035,000            5     430,000

                                1     160,000              1     325

                                                                                                                Shandong
                                                                                                                 Total no. Daily capacity
Fujian                                                Hunan                                                      of projects (tonnes)
                                                                                                                      11 610,000
Total no. Daily capacity   Total no. Daily capacity   Total no. Daily capacity   Total no. Daily capacity
of projects (tonnes)       of projects (tonnes)       of projects (tonnes)       of projects (tonnes)                 4     420,000

     3     50,000               1     2,811,500            8     290,000              1     200,000                   1      38,500
                                                           4     520,000              1     495,000                   2      600



Guangdong
                                                      Inner Mongolia                                            Shanxi
Total no. Daily capacity   Total no. Daily capacity
of projects (tonnes)       of projects (tonnes)       Total no. Daily capacity                                   Total no. Daily capacity
                                                      of projects (tonnes)                                       of projects (tonnes)
     14 1,180,000               1     150,000

     1     50,000
                                                           2     43,500                                               1     55,000




                                                      Jiangsu                                                   Shanghai
Guangxi
                                                      Total no. Daily capacity                                   Total no. Daily capacity
Total no. Daily capacity                              of projects (tonnes)                                       of projects (tonnes)
of projects (tonnes)
                                                           15 463,000                                                 10 490,000
     4     300,000
                                                           2     6,000                                                2     4,850
                                                           1     20,000

Heilongjiang
                                                                                                                Sichuan
Total no. Daily capacity
of projects (tonnes)
                           Total no. Daily capacity
                           of projects (tonnes)
                                                      Jiangxi
                                                                                                                 Total no. Daily capacity
                                                                                                                 of projects (tonnes)
     63 3,928,450               1      20,000         Total no. Daily capacity
                                                      of projects (tonnes)                                            3     37,500
     5     615,000              1      305,000
                                                           16 251,500
     4     125,000

     6     1,330
                                                                                                                Zhejiang
                                                      Jilin
                                                                                                                 Total no. Daily capacity   Total no. Daily capacity
                                                      Total no. Daily capacity                                   of projects (tonnes)       of projects (tonnes)
Henan                                                 of projects (tonnes)
                                                                                                                      19 883,000                 3     275,000
Total no. Daily capacity                                   7     122,500
                                                                                                                      2     40,000               2     219,500
of projects (tonnes)
     7     240,000                                                                                                    1     1,100

     2     40,000
                                                      Liaoning
     6      1,500
                                                      Total no. Daily capacity
                                                      of projects (tonnes)

                                                           9     385,000




                                                                                                    SHANGHAI INDUSTRIAL HOLDINGS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022            21
     BUSINESS REVIEW, DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




     NEW BUSINESS ARENA
     As at the end of 2022, the photovoltaic assets capacity of Shanghai Galaxy and Galaxy Energy, its subsidiary,
     reached 740 MW. The total amount of on-grid electricity sold during the year from their 15 photovoltaic power
     stations was approximately 1,130 million kWh, representing an increase of 1.44% over the previous year. The
     photovoltaic team continued to strengthen its work related to macro policies, industry dynamics, capital market
     research and project acquisition.

     During the year, respective national departments formulated and launched carbon peaking and carbon neutrality
     “1+N” policies to promote green and low-carbon technological breakthroughs, further enhance the dual control
     of energy consumption and encourage society to save energy. These policies are expected to accelerate the
     development of the industry. In December, national departments issued further circulars on matters related to
     promoting the healthy development of the photovoltaic industry, consolidating industry development, easing
     bottlenecks in upstream and downstream capacity as well as in the pricing of the photovoltaic industry chain, and
     enhancing the capability of the supply chain ancillary facilities. With silicon prices remaining in a reasonable range
     and the module production costs falling, the return rate of photovoltaic power stations is expected to resume to a
     reasonable level. With policy support and an improving economic situation, the photovoltaic industry in China is
     expected to achieve fast and sustainable growth.

     REAL ESTATE
     In 2022, the real estate business recorded a profit of HK$300 million, representing a year-on-year decrease of
     66.5% and accounting for approximately 11.8% of the Group’s Net Business Profit. The decline was mainly
     attributable to an increase in the capital cost of real estate enterprises, a drop in contract sales and collection of
     receivables, in addition to delays in projects under construction and in launching property projects due to the
     pandemic. These factors resulted in a decline in operating performance and an increase in the company’s gearing
     ratio, while in last year, increased profits attributable to the Company was recorded from the booked revenue of the
     Shanghai Bay project (Phase 4) in which the Company holds a direct 49% equity interest, and there was additional
     gains arising from the sale of investment properties. The industry outlook is expected to remain positive as the
     central Government gradually relaxes epidemic controls and launches policies to support economic growth.

     SI Development
     In the first half of 2022, the repeated resurgence of the pandemic in Shanghai had a significant impact on the core
     real estate business of SI Development. The company has made considerable efforts to respond to operational
     pressure brought by external situations and to remedy delays in construction progress and sales which resulted
     from the pandemic lockdown. In addition, the company also made efforts to resolve the adverse impact from the
     SIIC Longchuang incident to ensure the stable operation of its business. During the year, SI Development recorded
     revenue of RMB5,248 million, representing a year-on-year decrease of 47.9%. The revenue was mainly derived
     from sales booked from properties delivered. The company recorded a profit of RMB123 million, representing a
     year-on-year decrease of 33.2%. During the year, the gross floor area of properties delivered was approximately
     154,000 square meters, mainly including Sea Palace in Quanzhou and Era of Elites in Baoshan, Shanghai. Contract
     sales of real estate projects for the year amounted to RMB5,661 million, including such projects as International
     Beer City in Qingdao, Shanghai Bay (Phase 5) in Qingpu, Shanghai and Sea Palace in Quanzhou, with a gross floor
     area of 168,000 square meters. As at the end of 2022, seven projects were under construction, consisting of an
     area of 988,200 square meters. Rental income for the year was HK$297 million.

     During the year, as a local state-owned enterprise of Shanghai, SI Development responded to the requirements of
     respective government departments and fulfilled its social responsibility. It formulated rent-relief plans for a total
     of 218 small and micro enterprises as well as individual enterprises, involving rent reduction for an area of some
     136,000 square meters. For property services, the company made great efforts despite difficulties encountered to
     combat the impact of the epidemic in Shanghai to protect the lives and wellbeing of the owners and residents. The
     company also contributed to the construction and operation of a makeshift hospital in Lingang of Shanghai. During
     the year, it renewed 25 management service contracts and acquired 24 new projects. The area of properties under
     its management amounted to approximately 27,860,000 square meters. The company’s subsidiary was ranked
     40th in the 2022 Top 500 China Property Services Enterprise in Comprehensive Strengths and 15th in the 2022
     Top 50 China State-owned Property Services Enterprises in Comprehensive Strengths.




22   SHANGHAI INDUSTRIAL HOLDINGS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                                     BUSINESS REVIEW, DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




To focus its efforts, capital and resources, fully secure existing development projects and safeguard medium
and long-term operating performance, SI Development planned to exit its development project located at Lot No.
89, North Bund, Hongkou District, Shanghai. In December 2022, SI Development and Hongsheng Investment,
its indirect 90% owned subsidiary, signed equity interest transfer agreements respectively, pursuant to which,
Hongsheng Investment will transfer its 90% equity interest in Shisen Real Estate for approximately RMB291.40
million and SI Development will assign all the debts of Shisen Real Estate due to it for approximately RMB4,316
million through public tender to an independent third-party buyer. Shisen Real Estate is the project company of SI
Development for the development of the land lot No. 89. The land is for office and commercial use and occupies a
site area of approximately 23,037 square meters, with a planned gross floor area of approximately 126,705 square
meters and a total gross floor area of approximately 230,568 square meters. The structural topping out for buildings
on the land has been completed. The transaction is conducive to the return of capital to SI Development, enabling it
to enhance its cash flow and focus its resources on key projects to ensure smooth operation and development of the
company. Completed in mid-January 2023, the transaction realized an income of approximately RMB4,600 million
for the company. With the completion of the transaction, Shanghai Shisen is no longer a subsidiary of the Group
and its financial results were therefore no longer be consolidated into the Group’s financial statements. In January
2023, the buyer further contributed capital of RMB8,408,560,000 to Shisen Real Estate while SI Development
waived contribution of capital in accordance with the proportion of its shareholding. As such, SI Development’s
beneficial equity interest in Shisen Real Estate was further diluted to near zero.




                                                                 SHANGHAI INDUSTRIAL HOLDINGS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022   23
     BUSINESS REVIEW, DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




     SI Urban Development
     In 2022, SI Urban Development recorded revenue of HK$11,022 million, representing an increase of 0.1% over
     the previous year. Profit attributable to shareholders for the year amounted to HK$407 million, representing a year-
     on-year decrease of 28.9%. Properties delivered during the year mainly included West Diaoyutai • Emperor Seal
     in Beijing, Originally in Xi’an, Shangtou Xinhong, Shangtou Baoxu and Urban Cradle in Shanghai, with a gross
     floor area of approximately 393,000 square meters. Rental income for the year was approximately HK$541 million.
     Contract sales amounted to RMB7,908 million, representing a gross floor area of approximately 504,000 square
     meters, which mainly included Originally in Xi’an and Shangtou Xinhong, Shangtou Baoxu, Lingang 105 Project •
     Ocean One and Qingpu Project • Cloud Vison in Shanghai.

     During the year, SI Urban Development prioritized the construction of key projects, strove to meet the construction
     timeline of entrusted projects and enhanced its construction plans upon resumption of work and production in
     Shanghai. The company also completed the structural topping out for a number of projects, including Phase I of the
     Shanghai Pharma Zhangjiang Base, Phase II of the Shanghai Pharma Logistics Center at Suide Road and Shentian
     T18 Tower, a metro superstructure project in Xinzhuang. SIIC Medical Cosmetology Hospital officially opened
     in September. The construction of the Jinshan Green Pharmaceutical Product Base and the Shanghai Pharma
     Lingang Industrial Park commenced in March and July respectively.

     In June 2022, SI Urban Development announced the bidding for the land use rights for six parcels of land in
     Shanghai, PRC in conjunction with a joint bidder (being an independent third party). The land parcels, located in
     Lingang New Area, the China (Shanghai) Pilot Free Trade Zone, are expected to be developed into approximately
     271,081 square meters of residential development and 9,892 square meters of commercial development. The land
     parcels, located in the central part of Lingang New Area, are of great value, and are expected to further strengthen
     the leading position of SI Urban Development in the Shanghai market.

     In November 2022, SI Urban Development announced the acquisition of a 28.5% equity interest in Xi’an Chanba
     held by an external shareholder of Xi’an Chanba. The remaining 71.5% shares are held by non-wholly owned
     subsidiaries of SI Urban Development. Xi’an Chanba is the project company for the development of the Originally
     project located in Chanba Ecotope, Xi’an, the PRC. The project is for residential, commercial and hotel use,
     occupying a site area of more than 2,000,000 square meters. A total of 12 land parcels are included in the plan to
     cater for diverse functions and related facilities which are completed or soon to be completed to meet community
     business requirements and educational, medical and shopping needs. The transaction was completed in December
     2022, and Xi’an Chanba has become a wholly-owned subsidiary of SI Urban Development. The acquisition
     will enhance the profit, the flexibility of dividend distribution as well as the capital management of SI Urban
     Development, providing more flexibility in the management of the project and subsequent contract sales or leasing
     of the property units.




24   SHANGHAI INDUSTRIAL HOLDINGS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                                                                   BUSINESS REVIEW, DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




Set out below is a summary of the major property development projects of the Group as at 31 December 2022:

Major Development Properties
                                                                                                                        Pre-sold
                                                                                  Interest   Approximate     Planned      for the      Total
                                                                             attributable       site area   total GFA        year   GFA sold           Expected
                               Projects of                Type of                    to SI       (square      (square    (square     (square             date of
      City                     SI Development             property          Development          meters)      meters)   meters)      meters)         completion

1     Kaifu District,          Fengsheng Building         Residential and            90%           5,468      70,566           –     32,542           Completed
      Changsha                                            commercial
2     Chenghua District,       Hi-Shanghai                Residential and          100%           61,506     254,885        520     200,732           Completed
      Chengdu                                             commercial
3     Beibei District,         Hi-Shanghai                Residential and          100%           30,845      74,935        355      60,248           Completed
      Chongqing                                           commercial
4     Yuhang District,         Hi-Shanghai (Phase I)      Residential and            85%          74,864     230,484        258     150,554           Completed
      Hangzhou                                            commercial
5     Yuhang District,         Hi-Shanghai (Phase II)     Residential and            85%          59,640     198,203      5,725     140,086           Completed
      Hangzhou                                            commercial
6     Wuxing District,         Hurun Commercial           Commercial               100%           13,661      27,322           –          –      Under Planning
      Huzhou                   Plaza
7     Wuxing District,         SIIC Tianlan Bay           Residential and          100%          115,647     193,292        369     128,809           Completed
      Huzhou                                              commercial
8     Wuxing District,         SIIC Yungjing Bay          Residential              100%           68,471     207,906      4,187     151,371           Completed
      Huzhou
9     Shilaoren National      International Beer City     Composite                100%          227,675     806,339     89,488     417,319       2014 to 2023,
      Tourist Resort, Qingdao                                                                                                                         in phases
10 Fengze District,            Sea Palace                 Residential and          100%          170,133    1,064,099     7,780     266,036       2017 to 2025,
   Quanzhou                                               commercial                                                                                  in phases
11 Baoshan District,           Era of Elites (Phase I)    Residential              100%           26,600      73,798        548      41,127           Completed
   Shanghai
12 Baoshan District,           Era of Elites (Phase II)   Residential              100%           32,130      86,692      1,239      49,420           Completed
   Shanghai
13 Jiading District,           Sea Garden                 Residential and          100%           58,949     163,351      2,871      86,978           Completed
   Shanghai                                               commercial
14 Jiading District,           Essence of Shanghai        Residential and          100%           32,991      75,559        335      40,754           Completed
   Shanghai                                               commercial
15 Jingan District,            Territory Shanghai         Residential              100%           32,512     114,737        253      85,148           Completed
   Shanghai
16 Qingpu District,            Belle Rive                 Villa                      51%         315,073      59,577           –     25,985 Phase II north land
   Shanghai                                                                                                                                     lot commenced
                                                                                                                                            construction in the
                                                                                                                                            latter half of 2021,
                                                                                                                                             and is expected to
                                                                                                                                                  be completed
                                                                                                                                                         in 2024
17 Qingpu District,            Shanghai Bay               Residential                51%         808,572     631,199     53,849     321,990     2011 to 2023, in
   Shanghai                                                                                                                                              phases
18 Qingpu District,            He Villa/Sea County        Residential                51%         162,708     121,683          26     85,220           Completed
   Shanghai
19 Wuzhong District,           Sudi Lot 017-WG-10         Residential              100%           40,817     126,881           –          –           Completed
   Suzhou
Sub-total                                                                                      2,338,262    4,581,508




                                                                                                  SHANGHAI INDUSTRIAL HOLDINGS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022          25
     BUSINESS REVIEW, DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




                                                                                                                        Pre-sold
                                                                                  Interest   Approximate     Planned      for the       Total
                                Projects of                                  attributable       site area   total GFA        year   GFA sold      Expected
                                SI Urban               Type of               to SI Urban         (square      (square    (square     (square        date of
          City                  Development            property             Development          meters)      meters)   meters)      meters)    completion

     1    Chaoyang District,    Youngman Point         Residential and             100%          112,700     348,664           –    258,814      Completed
          Beijing                                      commercial
     2    Haidian District,     West Diaoyutai •       Residential                97.5%           42,541     250,930      6,539     219,179      Completed
          Beijing               Emperor Seal
     3    Jiulongpo District,   Top City               Residential,                100%          120,014     786,233           –    376,424      Completed
          Chongqing                                    commercial and
                                                       office
     4    Baoshan District,     Shangtou Baoxu         Residential                71.3%          118,880     306,167    100.913     216,360      Completed
          Shanghai
     5    Minhang District,     Urban Cradle           Residential and            53.1%          943,000    1,226,298     5,942     811,549      Completed
          Shanghai                                     commercial
     6    Minhang District,     Shanghai Jing City     Residential and               59%         301,908     772,885      4,880     599,881      Completed
          Shanghai              (including “晶秀坊”)      commercial
     7    Minhang District,     TODTOWN                Residential,               20.7%          117,825     605,000      3,120      77,673 2020 to 2024,
          Shanghai                                     commercial,                                                                              in phases
                                                       hotel, office and
                                                       apartment office
     8    Minhang District,     Contemporary Art       Residential                 100%          116,308      80,777      2,057      80,448 2018 to 2023,
          Shanghai              Villa • Jade Villa                                                                                              in phases
     9    Minhang District,     Contemporary           Residential                 100%          120,512     191,636        421      67,005      Completed
          Shanghai              Splendour Villa •
                                Courtyard Villa
     10 Minhang District,       Shangtou Xinhong •     Residential and               90%          89,432     289,271    150,294     150,294 2021 to 2023,
        Shanghai                Uplaza Xinhonghui      commercial                                                                               in phases
     11 Minhang District,       Chenghang Project •    Commercial and                80%          20,572      60,195      3,941        3,941     Completed
        Shanghai                Uplaza Meilong Lane    office
     12 Minhang District,       Shenzhicheng Project Rental housing               29.5%           47,435     128,075           –           – 2022 to 2023,
        Shanghai                • Utime Xinzhuang                                                                                                in phases
     13 Minhang District,       Chenglong Project •    Rental housing                59%          47,383     118,458           –           –         2023
        Shanghai                城開創社區
     14 Qingpu District,        Qingpu Project •       Residential                   59%          30,052      45,077     10,169      10,169          2023
        Shanghai                Cloud Vision
     15 Qingpu District,        Lingang 105 Project • Residential                 47.2%           41,961     104,903     19,266      19,266          2024
        Shanghai                Ocean One
     16 Songjiang District,     Shanghai Youth City    Commercial and              100%           57,944     212,130           –    139,840      Completed
        Shanghai                                       office
     17 Xuhui District,         Jingxiang Project •    Rental housing                59%          17,161      48,050           –           –     Completed
        Shanghai                Utime Xuhui
     18 Xuhui District,         Guilin Road Aerospace Scientific research         21.2%           91,160     590,165           –           – 2025 to 2026,
        Shanghai                project               and design and                                                                             in phases
                                                      residential leasing
     19 Heping District,        Shenyang U Centre      Commercial, office          100%           22,651     228,768           –     71,660      Completed
        Shenyang                                       and serviced
                                                       apartment
     20 Futian District,        China Phoenix Tower    Residential,                  91%          11,038     106,190           –     78,343      Completed
        Shenzhen                                       commercial and
                                                       office




26   SHANGHAI INDUSTRIAL HOLDINGS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                                                             BUSINESS REVIEW, DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




                                                                                                                        Pre-sold
                           Projects of                                         Interest   Approximate       Planned       for the       Total
                           SI Urban                                       attributable       site area     total GFA         year    GFA sold         Expected
                           Development            Type of                 to SI Urban         (square        (square     (square      (square           date of
        City               (Continued)            property               Development          meters)        meters)    meters)       meters)       completion

21 Hedong District,        Hedong Polytechnic     Residential and               100%           42,146       122,200       6,989        6,989               2024
   Tianjian                University Project •   commercial
                           上實仰山
22 Nankai District,        Laochengxiang          Residential,                  100%          244,252       752,883            –     582,737        Completed
   Tianjian                                       commercial and
                                                  office
23 Yangtze New District,   Yangluo Project •      Residential and               28.9%         257,600       452,000       3,029       10,918 2024 to 2027,
   Wuhan                    香開長龍花園                commercial                                                                                     in phases
24 Binghu District,        Urban Development      Commercial, hotel,              59%          24,041       193,368            –      41,900        Completed
   Wuxi                    International Center   office and serviced
                                                  apartment
25 Chanba Ecotope,         Originally             Residential,                  71.5%       2,101,967      3,899,867     69,106     2,699,231 2008 to 2025,
   Xi’an                                          commercial and                                                                                  in phases
                                                  hotel
26 Chanba Ecotope,         Qiyuan Road Project • Residential                    100%           51,208       102,418         188          188 2023 to 2024,
   Xi’an                   Qiyuan                                                                                                                in phases
27 Zhifu District,         Yantai Project •       Residential and               100%           77,681       159,100      12,681       12,681 2022 to 2024,
   Yantai                  Felicity Mansion       commercial                                                                                     in phases
Sub-total                                                                                   5,269,372     12,181,708


                                                                                                                        Pre-sold
                                                                                          Approximate       Planned          for        Total
                                                                               Interest      site area     total GFA    the year     GFA sold         Expected
                           Projects of            Type of               attributable to       (square        (square     (square      (square           date of
        City               the Company            property               the Company          meters)        meters)     meters)      meters)       completion

1       Qingpu District,   Belle Rive             Villa                           49%         315,073        59,577            –      25,985            Phase II
        Shanghai                                                                                                                                  north land lot
                                                                                                                                                   commenced
                                                                                                                                                construction in
                                                                                                                                                  the latter half
                                                                                                                                                of 2021, and is
                                                                                                                                                expected to be
                                                                                                                                                  completed in
                                                                                                                                                           2024
2       Qingpu District,   Shanghai Bay           Residential                     49%         808,572       631,199      53,849      321,990 2011 to 2023,
        Shanghai                                                                                                                                 in phases
3       Qingpu District,   He Villa/Sea County    Residential                     49%         162,708       121,683           26      85,220        Completed
        Shanghai
Sub-total                                                                                   1,286,353 1     812,459 1
Total                                                                                       8,893,987 1 17,575,675 1




                                                                                            SHANGHAI INDUSTRIAL HOLDINGS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022                 27
     BUSINESS REVIEW, DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




     Major Future Development Projects
                                                                                                         Approximate      Planned
                                                                                              Interest      site area    total GFA          Expected
                                  Projects of                                          attributable to       (square       (square            date of
             City                 SI Development          Project type                 SI Development        meters)       meters)        completion

     1       Hongkou District,    North Bund Lot No. 90   Commercial and office                 100%          12,725      110,932               2024
             Shanghai
     2       Hongkou District,    North Bund Lot No. 91   Commercial and office                  50%          34,585      453,958      Under Planning
             Shanghai                                                                                      (including
                                                                                                         underground
                                                                                                                area)
     3       Qingpu District,     Zhujiajiao Lot D2       Residential and commercial             51%         349,168      177,954      Under Planning
             Shanghai
     Sub-total                                                                                               396,478 1    742,844 1


                                                                                              Interest   Approximate      Planned
                                                                                       attributable to      site area    total GFA          Expected
                                  Projects of                                                SI Urban        (square       (square            date of
             City                 SI Urban Development    Project type                  Development          meters)       meters)        completion

     1       Pudong New District, Lingang 103 Project •   Residential and commercial             80%         119,545      438,707       2025 to 2026,
             Shanghai             上實聽海                                                                                                      in phases
     Sub-total                                                                                               119,545      438,707


                                                                                                         Approximate      Planned
                                                                                              Interest      site area    total GFA          Expected
                                  Projects of                                          attributable to       (square       (square            date of
             City                 the Company             Project type                  the Company          meters)       meters)        completion

     1       Qingpu District,     Zhujiajiao Lot D2       Residential and commercial             49%         349,168      177,954      Under planning
             Shanghai
     2       Qingpu District,     Shanghai Lot F          Villa                                  10%         350,533      175,267      Under planning
             Shanghai
     3       Qingpu District,     Shanghai Lot G          Villa                                  10%         401,274      200,637      Under planning
             Shanghai
     Sub-total                                                                                             1,100,975 1    553,858 1
     Total                                                                                                 1,616,998 1   1,735,409 1




28   SHANGHAI INDUSTRIAL HOLDINGS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                                                          BUSINESS REVIEW, DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




Major Investment Properties
                                                                                                                                       Total GPA
                                                                                                                  Interest        for investment
                                                                                                           attributable to             properties
     City                                Projects of SI Development               Project type            SI Development        (square meters)

1    Wenjiang District, Chengdu          Orchard Forest                           Commercial                        100%                    769
2    Qingdao Economic Development Zone   Dali Plaza                               Commercial                         76%                 21,495
3    Laoshan District, Qingdao           Shanghai Industrial Investment Centre    Office                            100%                 28,488
4    Fengze District, Quanzhou           Sea Palace (Phase I of Linghai Yuan)     Commercial                        100%                  1,630
5    Changning District, Shanghai        Super Ocean Finance Center               Office                            100%                  2,321
6    Changning District, Shanghai        United 88                                Office                            100%                 50,560
                                                                                  Commercial                        100%                 38,923
                                                                                  Parking lot                       100%                 28,457
7    Hongkou District, Shanghai          Gao Yang Commercial Centre               Office                            100%                 13,671
8    Huangpu District, Shanghai          Golden Bell Plaza                        Office                            100%                  9,801
                                                                                  Office                             90%                 40,186
                                                                                  Parking lot                        90%                  4,870
9    Huangpu District, Shanghai          Huangpu Estate                           Commercial                        100%                 20,918
10 Huangpu District, Shanghai            No. 108 Haichao Road                     Commercial                        100%                    474
11 Jiading District, Shanghai            Sea Garden                               Long-term serviced                100%                 19,875
                                                                                  apartment and
                                                                                  commercial
12 Jiading District, Shanghai            Essence of Shanghai                      Commercial                        100%                 12,931
13 Jingan District, Shanghai             Territory Shanghai                       Commercial                        100%                 1,559
                                                                                  Parking lot                       100%              148 units
14 Pudong New District, Shanghai         No. 1111 Shangchuan Road                 Industrial                        100%                 40,208
15 Pudong New District, Shanghai         Huashen Building                         Office                            100%                    344
16 Xuhui District, Shanghai              Industrial Investment Building           Office                            100%                 10,088
                                                                                  Office                             74%                 14,130
                                                                                  Parking lot                        74%                  8,692
17 Xuhui District, Shanghai              Yonglong Building                        Office                            100%                    798
18 Yangpu District, Shanghai             Hi-Shanghai                              Commercial                        100%                 22,027
                                                                                  Parking Lot                       100%                 22,000
19 Zhabei District, Shanghai             No. 235 Zhongshan Road North (portion)   Office                            100%                  1,434
Sub-total                                                                                                                              416,649




                                                                                       SHANGHAI INDUSTRIAL HOLDINGS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022      29
     BUSINESS REVIEW, DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




                                                                                                                               Interest     Total GPA for
                                                                                                                          attributable        investment
                                                                                                                          to SI Urban          properties
             City                            Projects of SI Urban Development        Project type                        Development      (square meters)

     1       Chaoyang District, Beijing      Youngman Point                          Commercial                                 100%              19,768 1
     2       Jiulongpo District, Chongqing   Top City                                Commercial, office hall and                100%             317,405 1
                                                                                     parking lot
     3       Changning District, Shanghai    ShanghaiMart                            Exhibition hall, stores and mart,            51%            284,651
                                                                                     office and parking lot
     4       Minhang District, Shanghai      Block A, Urban Cradle                   Commercial and office                     53.1%              57,286 1
     5       Songjiang District, Shanghai    Shanghai Youth City                     Commercial                                 100%              16,349 1
     6       Xuhui District, Shanghai        Urban Development International Tower   Office                                       59%             45,239
     7       Xuhui District, Shanghai        YOYO Tower                              Commercial                                   59%             13,839
     8       Xuhui District, Shanghai        Jinxiang Project • Utime XuHui          Residential                                  59%             48,050 1
     9       Heping District, Shenyang       Shenyang U Centre                       Commercial and office                      100%              64,597 1
     10 Futian District, Shenzhen            China Phoenix Tower                     Office                                       91%              1,048 1
     11 Chanba Ecotope, Xi’an                Originally                              Commercial                                71.5%              31,674 1
     12 Shanghai, Tianjin and Kunshan        Others                                  Commercial, office and                          –            92,787
                                                                                     parking lot
     Sub-total                                                                                                                                   992,693
     Total                                                                                                                                     1,409,342


     Note:
     1.    Such total GFAs are duplicate figures, which have been included in the Major Development Properties table.


     CONSUMER PRODUCTS
     The Group’s consumer-products business recorded a profit for the year of HK$310 million, representing a decrease
     of 53.7% over the previous year and accounting for approximately 12.2% of the Group’s Net Business Profit.
     Despite complex external situations and a difficult internal operational environment during the year, Nanyang
     Tobacco adopted multiple measures and strove to seek breakthroughs against the odds, demonstrating the
     resilience of a century-old enterprise through careful analysis of the global economic situation and the impact of the
     pandemic on overseas markets. Similarly, Wing Fat Printing also minimized adverse impacts on certain parts of its
     business despite the complex and volatile downturn market environment by striking a structural balance in different
     areas of its business, and was able to overcome multiple challenges to put the Vietnam factory into operation. The
     company proactively explored internal potential to enhance efficiency to largely mitigate the downward impact on its
     performance and to maintain a robust asset structure.

     Tobacco
     As a tobacco manufacturing company mainly engaged in the production of Chinese-style flue-cured tobacco,
     Nanyang Tobacco faced considerable pressure and adverse impact in consumption, logistics and production
     during the year due to its strong dependence on the consumer base and supply chain in China. The pandemic
     resulted in low demand from overseas markets throughout the year. High inventories in various channels gave rise
     to the risk of product expiration and falling prices, which significantly jeopardized the status of its brands. During
     the peak of the pandemic outbreak in Hong Kong, Nanyang Tobacco actively responded to the pandemic, insisted
     on uninterrupted management and operation, and implemented a closed-management mode to guarantee non-
     stop production. The company also conducted initiatives on lowering inventories, adjusting status and reducing
     costs. The turnover and net profit of Nanyang Tobacco for the year were HK$1,431 million and HK$182 million
     respectively, representing a decrease of 39.8% and 63.5%.




30   SHANGHAI INDUSTRIAL HOLDINGS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                                       BUSINESS REVIEW, DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




For lowering of inventories, as inventories for various sales channels remained high during the year and profit
margins in all segments continued to shrink, the company significantly reduced product inventories through precise
linkage and interaction of supply and sales. The company improved its inventory turnover and optimized storage
space by compressing the procurement of raw and auxiliary materials and adjusting and extending their delivery
period. The company launched targeted promotions in the Mainland market and achieved satisfactory stock-to-
sales ratios, forecasting accurately product demands in the China, Hong Kong and Macau duty-free markets, and
promoted the sales of slow-moving products. For the overseas market, which was most affected by the pandemic,
the company made great efforts to assist distributors in inventory de-stocking and adjusting supply and demand.

To adjust the status of sales, Nanyang Tobacco put its emphasis on promising markets (e.g. Mainland China and
the currently opened border duty-free) by optimizing its resource allocation, and precisely nurtured new promising
products to boost development. In addition to helping channels in inventory de-stocking of large and slow-moving
products, the company focused its resources on maintaining the scale of promotion and publicity for key new
products and continued to expand the exposure and brand influence of its products.

In the area of cost reduction, the company monitored the international situation, strengthened precise supply chain
management, enhanced source control and process control, and reduced costs and increased efficiency through
continuous equipment and technology innovation. In addition, the company was flexible in its procurement strategy
and optimized allocation of its resources on using capital as well as storage space to maintain a balance between
material demand and price stability. During the year, it also promoted the localization of applying some materials for
the Malaysia factory.

For overseas projects, the company pushed forward the project of establishing a new factory in Malaysia to enhance
its core competitiveness and took a new step towards selling overseas cigarettes. It strengthened multi-dimensional
cooperation with large cigarette companies and forged strong alliances to expand overseas markets.

In the face of the ever-changing global environment, Nanyang Tobacco continued to conduct in-depth research on
technology transformation and applications to ensure that its equipment and technology are at the forefront of the
industry. With the gradual relaxation of pandemic-control measures in Mainland China, the company is poised for
a market recovery and continues to adhere to the development policy of “Ensuring healthy internal operation and
external development; strengthening business growth and pursuing excellence” to restart the market, revitalize its
brand and reshape itself, as well as to promote business transformation, pursue internationalization and strive to
become a regional industry leader.

Printing
Wing Fat Printing recorded a turnover of HK$1,764 million for the year 2022, a decrease of 8.5% over the previous
year. The decline was mainly attributable to the impact of a weak downstream market demand brought by the
global economic turmoil and rapid cooling of some epidemic consumption in the post-pandemic period. The net
profit for the year amounted to HK$124 million, representing a year-on-year decrease of 33.8% and a year-on-year
decrease of 11.4% after excluding a once-off gain on disposal of minority interests for last year. The decline in profit
was mainly due to a decrease in revenue and the impact of structural fluctuations in the business.

During the year, in the face of the complex and volatile market situations and continued repercussions of the
pandemic and epidemic-prevention measures, Wing Fat Printing adhered to its stable operating strategy and
established strategic directions, and followed through the trend, to leverage the phase advantages in strengthening
its core business segments such as medicine packaging, and successfully safeguarded peak-season demands of
its major customers. The company also fully explored and developed additional markets and by means of striking
a structural balance of its businesses has better mitigated downturn business challenges it faced, with its overall
business scale basically remaining stable. At the same time, the company proactively explored opportunities
brought by new technological developments and new market applications for the sustainable development of
environmental molded-fibre packaging products, promoted cost and efficiency improvement in all aspects and
accelerated information technology deployment, actively promoted the development, introduction, incubation and
conversion of efficient and intelligent equipment, and successfully entered into the commissioning phase of the
Vietnam factory. As a result, its major tasks as planned for the year were better achieved.

In the highly uncertain and complex operating environment, Wing Fat Printing continued to strengthen the
monitoring and prevention of key risk areas and persisted with risk prevention to safeguard high-quality
development and effectively maintain the company’s stable asset structure and operational quality.



                                                                    SHANGHAI INDUSTRIAL HOLDINGS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022   31
     FINANCIAL REVIEW


     KEY FIGURES

                                                                                        2022                         2021                   Change
                                                                                                                                                %
       Results
       Revenue (HK$’000)                                                         31,348,592                   38,747,951                     -19.1
       Profit attributable to owners
          of the Company (HK$’000)                                                 2,313,924                    3,745,505                    -38.2
       Earnings per share – basic (HK$)                                                2.128                        3.429                    -37.9
       Dividend per share (HK cents)                                                       92                          102
          – Interim (paid)                                                                 42                           48
          – Final (proposed)                                                               50                           54
       Dividend payout ratio                                                          43.2%                        29.8%
       Interest cover (note (a))                                                    4.8 times                    8.4 times


                                                                                        2022                         2021                   Change
                                                                                                                                                %
       Financial Position
       Total assets (HK$’000)                                                   193,933,752                  207,710,535                      -6.6
       Equity attributable to owners
          of the Company (HK$’000)                                              45,524,021                    47,439,454                      -4.0
       Net assets per share (HK$)                                                    41.87                         43.63                      -4.0
       Net debt ratio (note (b))                                                   61.25%                        52.17%
       Gearing ratio (note (c))                                                    43.35%                        44.14%
       Number of shares in issue (shares)                                    1,087,211,600                 1,087,211,600


     Note (a): (profit before taxation, interest expenses, depreciation and amortization)/interest expenses
     Note (b): (interest-bearing loans – cash)/equity attributable to owners of the Company
     Note (c): interest-bearing loans/(equity attributable to owners of the Company + non-controlling interests + interest-bearing loans)




32   SHANGHAI INDUSTRIAL HOLDINGS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                                                                              FINANCIAL REVIEW




I   ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL RESULTS                               HK$ million
                                                                      4,000

    1   Profit attributable to owners of the Company                  3,500
        For the year ended 31 December 2022, the Group
        recorded a profit attributable to owners of the               3,000
        Company of HK$2,313.92 million, an decrease of
        HK$1,431.59 million or approximately 38.2% as                 2,500
        compared to 2021.
                                                                      2,000


                                                                      1,500


                                                                      1,000


                                                                       500


                                                                          0
                                                                              2018     2019      2020      2021         2022

                                                                               Profit for the second half of the year
                                                                               Profit for the first half of the year




    2   Profit Contribution from Each Business
        The profit contributed by each business in the Group for the year 2022 and the comparative figures last
        year was summarized as follows:

                                                             2022                      2021                        Change
                                                         HK$’000                  HK$’000                                  %
         Infrastructure Facilities                       1,926,086               2,369,195                              -18.7
         Real Estate                                       299,505                 895,314                              -66.5
         Consumer Products                                 310,183                 669,579                              -53.7
                                                         2,535,774               3,934,088                              -35.5




                                                              SHANGHAI INDUSTRIAL HOLDINGS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022           33
     FINANCIAL REVIEW




     Consumer                                                  Consumer
     Products                                                  Products

     12.2%                                                     17.0%

                                                          Infrastructure                                      Infrastructure
     Real Estate
                                                          Facilities                                          Facilities
                                 2022                                                 2021
     11.8%                                                76.0%                                               60.2%
                                                               Real Estate

                                                               22.8%


               Net profit from the infrastructure facilities business for the year amounted to approximately HK$1,926.09
               million, accounting for 76.0% of Net Business Profit, and representing a year-on-year decline of 18.7%.
               The decrease was mainly due to the static control implemented in the Shanghai area between March and
               May 2022 during the outbreak of the pandemic, which led to a decrease in traffic flow and thus decrease
               in toll revenue, and as a result the profit of toll roads and bridges decreased year-on-year.

               The profit of water services and waste incineration business increased by 5.3% year-on-year. Of which, the
               profit contribution from SIIC Environment for the year increased by 6.5%, mainly due to higher revenue
               and higher profit year-on-year. With Shanghai Baoshan Renewable Energy Utilization Center Project
               commenced operation this year and the overall construction progress accelerating, the construction
               revenue and the volume of sewage water treatment as well as the average treatment price increased during
               the year.

               The real estate business recorded a profit of approximately HK$299.51 million, accounting for 11.8%
               of the Net Business Profit, and representing a significant decrease of approximately HK$595.81 million
               over 2021. The significant decrease was mainly due to the recognition of property sales revenue from
               the Qingpu project, the share of profit from the Shanghai Bay project in which SIHL holds a 49% equity
               interest directly, and SIHL’s share of profit from the disposal of the land parcel of the Gao Yang Hotel and
               the Shaoxing project last year. Besides, real estate companies responded to the anti-pandemic policies
               of the state and the Shanghai government and provided several rent-free periods to customers during the
               pandemic outbreak, resulting in a year-on-year decrease in rental income. In addition, the decrease in
               recognition of property sales revenue by SI Development, resulting in a significant decrease in profit during
               the year.

               The consumer products business recorded a net profit of approximately HK$310.18 million for the year,
               accounting for 12.2% of Net Business Profit, and representing a year-on-year decrease of 53.7%. The
               cigarette sales of Nanyang Tobacco decreased by 39.8% year-on-year, which was mainly due to the
               impact of epidemic prevention and control measures during the year. The profit of Wing Fat Printing
               decreased year-on-year, mainly due to the disposal gain of Jinan Quanyong recorded by Wing Fat Printing
               last year.




34   SHANGHAI INDUSTRIAL HOLDINGS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                                                                               FINANCIAL REVIEW




    3    Revenue
         The Group’s revenue by principal activities for the year 2022 and the comparatives of last year was
         summarized as follows:

                                                                   2022                    2021                  Change
                                                              HK$’000                  HK$’000                         %
           Infrastructure Facilities                        11,076,906               10,913,937                       1.5
           Real Estate                                      17,195,993               23,786,981                     -27.7
           Consumer Products                                 3,075,693                4,047,033                     -24.0
                                                            31,348,592               38,747,951                     -19.1


Consumer                                             Consumer                                               Infrastructure
Products                                             Products                                               Facilities

9.8%                                                 10.4%                                                  28.2%
                                                 Infrastructure
                                                 Facilities
Real Estate
                             2022                35.3%                            2021
54.9%
                                                     Real Estate

                                                     61.4%


         In 2022, the revenue amounted to approximately HK$31,348.59 million, representing a year-on-year
         decrease of 19.1%. Of which, the static control implemented in the Shanghai area between March and
         May 2022 during the pandemic outbreak led to a significant decrease in traffic flow and a year-on-year
         decrease in toll revenue. However, as the Shanghai Baoshan Renewable Energy Utilization Center Project
         of SIIC Environment commenced operation this year, the overall construction progress was accelerated,
         leading to an increase in construction revenue and the volume of sewage water treatment as well as
         the average treatment price during the year, and resulting in a slight increase in infrastructure facilities
         revenue. Revenue from the real estate business was affected by the decrease in booked revenue upon
         delivery of properties year-on-year, and the sales of the consumer products business decreased due to the
         impact of the pandemic in Hong Kong and China.

    4    Profit before Taxation
         (1) Gross profit margin
             Compared to 2021, the overall gross profit margin decreased by 9.6 percentage points, mainly due
             to a decrease in the gross profit margin of toll roads, which was attributable to the static control
             implemented in the Shanghai area between March and May during the outbreak of the pandemic in
             Shanghai this year, leading to a significant decrease in traffic flow and a year-on-year decrease in toll
             revenue. In addition, there was an increase in the proportion of delivery of properties with relatively
             low margin in the real estate business as compared to last year.

         (2) Other income, gains and losses
             Other income, gains and losses for the year were mainly attributable to the compensation received
             by the toll road companies for the decrease of toll mileage for the entry sections. Last year, they were
             mainly attributable to the large amount of impairment made by SI Development for the trade and other
             receivables, inventories and goodwill, etc. of SIIC Longchuang, a subsidiary of SI Development, as well
             as for real estate projects.

         (3) Net (loss) gain on liquidation/disposal of subsidiaries/interest in an associate
             Net loss for the year was mainly attributable to the loss on liquidation of a property project. Gain
             for last year was mainly attributable to the disposal of equity interests in several subsidiaries and
             approximately 37.23% equity interests in an associate, Jinan Quanyong.



                                                                    SHANGHAI INDUSTRIAL HOLDINGS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022   35
     FINANCIAL REVIEW




          5    Dividend                                                             %

               The Board of Directors of the Group has proposed to declare          60

               a final dividend of HK50 cents (2021: HK54 cents) per share,
               together with an interim dividend of HK42 cents (2021: HK48          50
               cents) per share, the total dividend amounted to HK92 cents
               (2021: HK102 cents) per share. Annual dividend payout ratio is
               43.2% (2021: 29.8%).                                                 40



                                                                                    30



                                                                                    20



                                                                                    10



                                                                                        0
                                                                                             2018     2019     2020     2021    2022

                                                                                              Annual dividend payout ratio



     II FINANCIAL POSITION OF THE GROUP                                   HK$ billion
                                                                                  50
          1    Capital and Equity attributable to owners of the
               Company                                                            45

               The Company had a total of 1,087,211,600 shares                    40
               in issue as at 31 December 2022, there is no change
                                                                                  35
               compared with 1,087,211,600 shares as at the end of
               2021.                                                              30

               Equity attributable to owners of the Company reached               25

               HK$45,524.02 million as at 31 December 2022, and                   20
               was attributable to the net profit for the year after
               deducting the dividend actually paid during the year.              15

                                                                                  10

                                                                                   5

                                                                                   0
                                                                                            2018    2019     2020     2021     2022

                                                                                    Equity attributable to owners of the Company



          2    Indebtedness
               (1) Borrowings
                   As at 31 December 2022, the total borrowings of the Group including bank borrowings and other
                   borrowings amounted to approximately HK$58,766.88 million (31 December 2021: HK$64,276.28
                   million), of which 75.9% (31 December 2021: 72.3%) was unsecured credit facilities. The proportions
                   of US dollars, Renminbi and HK dollars of total borrowings were 3%, 87% and 10% (31 December
                   2021: 2%, 89% and 9%) respectively.




36   SHANGHAI INDUSTRIAL HOLDINGS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                                                                      FINANCIAL REVIEW




    (2) Pledge of assets
        The following assets were pledged by the Group to banks to secure banking facilities granted by these
        banks to the Group:

        (a) investment properties with an aggregate carrying value of HK$11,498,680,000 (31 December
            2021: HK$11,876,715,000);

        (b) leasehold land and buildings with an aggregate carrying value of HK$8,959,000 (31 December
            2021: HK$11,609,000);

        (c) plant and machineries with an aggregate carrying value of HK$150,424,000 (31 December 2021:
            HK$189,290,000);

        (d) receivables under service concession arrangements/intangible assets with an aggregate carrying
            value of HK$16,748,624,000 (31 December 2021: HK$19,149,719,000);

        (e) properties under development held for sale with an aggregate carrying value of
            HK$6,814,317,000 (31 December 2021: HK$17,448,191,000);

        (f) properties held for sale with an aggregate carrying value of HK$265,745,000 (31 December
            2021: HK$259,702,000);

        (g) trade receivables with an aggregate carrying value of HK$170,359,000 (31 December 2021:
            HK$289,972,000);

        (h) bank deposits with an aggregate carrying value of HK$228,583,000 (31 December 2021:
            HK$709,526,000);

        (i)   equity interests of subsidiaries with aggregate carrying value of HK$169,511,000 (31 December
              2021: HK$184,049,000); and

        (j)   land use rights with aggregate carrying value of HK$759,000 (31 December 2021: HK$966,000).

    (3) Contingent liabilities
        As at 31 December 2022, the guarantees given to banks by the Group in respect of banking facilities
        utilised by property buyers, associates and joint ventures amounted to approximately HK$4,736.23
        million, HK$713.70 million and HK$1,908.99 million (31 December 2021: HK$6,535.52 million,
        HK$1,337.11 million and HK$2,024.89 million) respectively.

3   Capital Commitments
    As at 31 December 2022, the Group had capital commitments mainly contracted for business
    developments and investments in fixed assets of HK$14,686.11 million (31 December 2021:
    HK$14,587.51 million). The Group had sufficient internal resources and/or through loan markets for the
    finance of its capital expenditures.




                                                           SHANGHAI INDUSTRIAL HOLDINGS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022   37
     FINANCIAL REVIEW




          4    Bank Balances and Short-term Investments
               As at 31 December 2022, bank balances, pledged bank deposits and short-term investments held by the
               Group amounted to HK$30,885.38 million (31 December 2021: HK$39,527.91 million) and HK$275.74
               million (31 December 2021: HK$414.89 million) respectively. The proportions of US dollars and other
               currencies, Renminbi and HK dollars of bank balances were 3%, 84% and 13% (31 December 2021: 3%,
               84% and 13%) respectively. Short-term investments mainly consisted of investments such as Hong Kong
               and PRC listed shares.

               While having sufficient working capital and a healthy interest cover, the Group is monitoring the market
               situation and respective funding requirements on a regular basis for business developments, and will seek
               opportunities to optimize its capital structure should the need arises.

     III MANAGEMENT POLICIES FOR FINANCIAL RISK
          1    Currency Risk
               The Group mainly operates in China and the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region and the exposure
               in exchange rate risks mainly arise from fluctuations in the US dollar, Singapore dollar, HK dollar and
               Renminbi exchange rates. The management monitors foreign currency exposure and will also consider
               hedging significant foreign currency exposures and adopting suitable measures where necessary.

          2    Interest Rate Risk
               The Group’s fair value and cash flow interest rate risks mainly relate to fixed and variable rates borrowings.
               In order to exercise prudent management against interest rates risks, the Group continues to review market
               trends against its business operations and financial position in order to arrange the most effective interest
               rate risk management tools.

          3    Price Risk
               The Group’s price risks are mainly concentrated on equity instruments quoted in the HKSE and the
               Shanghai Stock Exchange. The management strictly monitors this exposure by maintaining a portfolio
               of investments with different levels of risks. In addition, a special team has been appointed by the
               management to monitor price risks and hedging against such risk exposures will be made should the need
               arises.

          4    Credit Risk
               The Group’s principal financial assets are receivables under service concession arrangements, contract
               assets, pledged bank deposits, short-term bank deposits, cash and cash equivalents, securities and debt
               investments and trade and other receivables. The Group’s credit risk is primarily attributable to its trade
               and other receivables. The amounts presented in the consolidated statement of financial position are net
               of allowances for doubtful receivables and expected credit loss. An allowance for impairment and expected
               credit loss are made according to the Group’s accounting policy or where there is an identified loss event
               which, based on previous experience, is evidence of a reduction in the recoverability of cash flows.

               With respect to the credit risk of the Group’s treasury operations, all bank balances and cash, securities
               and debt investments of the Group must be placed and entered into with sound and reputable financial
               institutions. Strict requirements and restrictions in relation to the outstanding amount and credit ratings
               on securities and debt investments to be held are followed in order to minimize the Group’s credit risk
               exposures.




38   SHANGHAI INDUSTRIAL HOLDINGS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                         CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


Good corporate governance is an important cornerstone for the healthy and stable development of a company.
Committed to maintain an effective and transparent mode of operation, the Company has established standardized
internal control and risk management systems. Through the implementation of good governance principles, the
Company is confident of being able to consolidate the sustainable development of the Group’ core businesses and
enhance its overall competitiveness, achieving the best interest of its Shareholders.

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE STRUCTURE
Different functional committees and administrative units have been established to ensure that the principles of
good governance are observed and that corporate governance measures formulated by the Board are properly
implemented. In accordance with the requirements for the Corporate Governance Code, the Company consistently
oversaw the risk management and internal control systems of the Company and relevant subsidiaries during
the year to ensure the effectiveness and appropriateness of the systems, in addition to internal audits annually
conducted for subsidiaries within the Group. The scope of such reviews covered financial, operational and
compliance controls.

COMPLIANCE WITH CORPORATE GOVERNANCE PRACTICES
The Company has complied with all the principals set out in the Corporate Governance Code for the year ended
31 December 2022. Details of the principles and practices of governance of the Company and all major work and
relevant changes during the year are set out in this report.

STRATEGIC OBJECTIVES AND BUSINESS MODEL
In accordance with its work plans, the Group has strategically positioned itself as a Hong Kong based company that
counts on the support of Mainland China. Through effective allocation of resources outside the Mainland as well as
integration of capital and business operations, the Group has successfully turned itself into an enterprise that has
built its foundation on three core areas of business, including infrastructure and environmental protection, real estate
and consumer products. Capitalizing on future development opportunities in China, the Group strives to become an
integrated investment red chip window company that will constantly create value for its Shareholders. Based on its
own resources and the internal and external factors of development, the Company will expand its infrastructure and
environmental protection business, and continue to pursue the steady development of its real estate business as
well as to enhance the growth of its consumer products business in the future. Committed to the promotion of high-
quality corporate development, the Company has maintained a corporate culture in which the leadership team and
the employees of the Group have demonstrated mutual commitment. This not only reflects the values, philosophy
and visions of the corporation, but sets the direction for the achievement of the Group’s strategic objectives and
business strategies.

BOARD OF DIRECTORS
The Board of Directors represents the highest level of authority in the management structure of the Company. It is
mainly responsible for formulating the Group’s long term business development strategies and operational direction,
monitoring the Group’s business and financial performance, formulating and reviewing the Group’s corporate
governance policies and day-to-day operations, as well as leading and supervising the management to ensure
thorough implementation of the Board’s decisions and effective performance of their duties.

Composition of the Board
As of the date of this report, the Board of Directors of the Company consists of six members as below:

 Name of Director                        Executive position in the Board                Years of service in the Group

 Executive Director
 Shen Xiao Chu                           Chairman                                       5 years
 Zhou Jun                                Vice Chairman & Chief Executive Officer        17.5 years
 Xu Bo                                   Deputy CEO                                     11 years
 Independent Non-Executive Director
 Woo Chia-Wei                            –                                              27 years
 Leung Pak To, Francis                   –                                              27 years
 Yuen Tin Fan, Francis                   –                                              6.75 years




                                                                    SHANGHAI INDUSTRIAL HOLDINGS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022   39
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




     The members of the Board of the Company comprise professionals from different areas who have served in relevant
     PRC government authorities, enterprises in Mainland China and Hong Kong and financial institutions, all of whom
     have extensive experience in corporate and financial administration, project management, asset operations and
     international business, and they have made significant contributions to the Board.

     A Board Diversity Policy has been formulated by the Company to establish the approach to diversity in respect of
     the Board. The Company will ensure that the Board has the appropriate balance of skills, experience and diversity
     of views and perspectives that are required to support the execution of its strategic objectives and business model.
     All board appointments will be based on meritocracy, and will be considered against objective criteria, having due
     regard to the benefits of diversity on the Board, with a range of perspectives including but not limited to gender,
     age, cultural and educational background, ethnicity, professional experience, skills, knowledge and length of
     service. The ultimate decision will be based on merits and contributions that the selected candidates are expected
     to bring to the Board. The Board of the Company is currently under single gender and considerations are being
     made to appoint at least one other gender to the Board no later than 31 December 2024 through the selection of
     candidates from different professional fields.

     The Group also values the diverse talents and experience of its employees and uses a meritocracy approach,
     to bring in a wide range of talents from different backgrounds, cultures, talents and genders to generate more
     innovative ideas and impetus to the enterprises. As of 31 December 2022, the Group had 17,905 employees
     (including senior management), with a gender ratio of 59.5:40.5 (Male: Female), achieving a reasonable balance of
     gender diversity among employees.

     No member of the Board is materially related to one another in terms of financial, business and family aspects.
     Brief biographical details of the Directors are set out on pages 53 to 54 of this Annual Report. In all corporate
     communication channels as well as the websites of the Company and the Stock Exchange, the composition of the
     Board according to the categories and duties of the Directors are disclosed.

     Mr. Shen Xiao Chu and Mr. Zhou Jun are the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of the Company respectively.
     Interpretation of the Responsibilities between the Chairman and the Chief Executive Officer have been adopted for
     the distinction between the two positions.

     Independent Non-Executive Directors
     The Company has three Independent Non-Executive Directors. They have the same fiduciary duties as those of
     the Executive Directors. The number of Independent Non-Executive Directors accounts for half of the number
     of members of the Board while no less than one of the Independent Non-Executive Directors has the relevant
     financial expertise required and two of them have served the Company for more than nine years. All Independent
     Non-Executive Directors are also members of the respective Audit Committee, Remuneration Committee and
     Nomination Committee. Confirmation from each Independent Non-Executive Director concerning his independence
     according to Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules has been received and they are considered as independent. Assessment
     of independence of Independent Non-executive Directors also applies to immediate family members. During the
     year, the Chairman met with the Independent Non-Executive Directors without the presence of Executive Directors.




40   SHANGHAI INDUSTRIAL HOLDINGS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                                                          CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




Changes in Directors
For the year ended 31 December 2022 and up to the date of this report, the changes of the Board members are as
follows:

•     Mr. Cheng Hoi Chuen, Vincent, a former Independent Non-Executive Director of the Company, passed away
      on 28 August 2022.

•     Mr. Xu Zhan resigned as an Executive Director of the Company on 3 February 2023 for pursuing his personal
      career development.

The relevant resolutions have been considered and approved by all Directors and relevant disclosures have been
made in an announcement in compliance with the requirements of the Listing Rules.

Terms of the Directors
According to the Directors’ service agreements entered into between the Company and the existing three Executive
Directors respectively, any party may terminate the agreement by giving to the other party prior written notice. In
addition, the Company also issued appointment letters for three Independent Non-Executive Directors, specifying
an appointment term of three years, subject to renewal upon expiry.

At the 2022 annual general meeting, Mr. Xu Zhan, Prof. Woo Chia-Wei and Mr. Leung Pak To, Francis retired by
rotation and were re-elected in accordance with the Company’s articles of association by separate resolutions. The
two Independent Non-Executive Directors who have served the Company for more than nine years were re-elected,
and the Company has stated in the Shareholders’ circular that the Board has assessed their independence and the
reasons for considering their re-election.

At the upcoming 2023 annual general meeting, Mr. Shen Xiao Chu, Mr. Zhou Jun and Mr. Yuen Tin Fan, Francis
shall retire by rotation in accordance with the articles of association of the Company. All of them, being eligible,
have offered themselves for re-election. All of their biographical details are set out in the circular to Shareholders
dispatched together with this Annual Report, so as to enable Shareholders to make an informed decision on their
election.

Responsibilities of Directors
The Directors of the Company are dedicated to their duties diligently, and have taken an active participation in
the Company’s affairs to make valuable contribution to the business development of the Company. The Company
has established the Procedures for Directors to Seek Professional Advice, and the Directors (also refers to board
committee members) may seek independent professional advice according to such agreed procedures at the
expense of the Company, to assist them perform their duties.

Every year, the Company also arranged liabilities insurance for directors and senior officers of the Company and its
subsidiaries, providing certain protection for any legal liability risks they may have involved in the discharge of their
duties as well as to possible legal claims made against the respective companies as a result.




                                                                    SHANGHAI INDUSTRIAL HOLDINGS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022   41
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




     Board Independence
     The Company is committed to maintaining the independence of the Board and regularly reviews the implementation
     of its policies to constantly enhance its effectiveness.

     Among the six Directors of the Company, three are Independent Non-Executive Directors, which exceeds the
     requirement of having at least one-third of all Board members under the Listing Rules. The Audit Committee
     under the Board consists of three members, all of whom are Independent Non-Executive Directors. A majority
     of both the Nomination Committee and the Remuneration Committee are Independent Non-Executive Directors.
     All these committees are chaired by Independent Non-Executive Directors. During the year, each Independent
     Non-Executive Director is required to issue a letter of confirmation to the Company regarding his independence
     and such independence applies to immediate family members. The Nomination Committee of the Company also
     reviews the independence of the Independent Non-Executive Directors in its annual review of the structure, size
     and composition of the Board.

     None of the Independent Non-Executive Directors currently holds any shares in the Company. No equity-based
     remuneration with performance-related elements is paid to the Independent Non-Executive Directors. The fees
     paid by the Company to the Independent Non-Executive Directors are determined by reference to the industry
     benchmark which will be approved by the Shareholders at the annual general meetings authorizing the Board
     (through its Remuneration Committee) to review the same from time to time. In the annual report, the Company
     has disclosed that there is no material relationship between the Board members in terms of financial, business and
     family matters. At the same time, each Director is required to disclose to the Company annually the positions he
     holds in public companies which are listed in Hong Kong or overseas as well as other major appointments so that
     the Company can assess the time he can devote to his duties as a Director.

     At Board meetings, each Director is required to declare his interest, if any, in matters to be considered by the
     Board. The Independent Non-Executive Directors of the Company have many years of experience in corporate
     finance and management expertise and are able to make independent judgements and give constructive advice
     on the affairs of the Company. The Company will reimburse the Directors for any reasonable expenses incurred
     by them in the conduct of the business of the Company or in the discharge of their duties as Directors or for any
     professional consultation required. During the year, when a substantial Shareholder or a Director has a conflict of
     interest in a matter to be considered by the Board which the Board has determined to be material, the matter will
     be dealt with by a physical meeting. Independent Non-executive Directors who, and whose close associates, have
     no material interest in the transaction to be considered should be present at that board meeting.

     Proceedings at Directors’ Meetings
     The schedule for convening regular meetings of the Board (also refers to board committees) for the whole year
     will be set at the end of the preceding year. The Board will convene at least four regular meetings a year. Save for
     non-regular meetings, notices of meeting and relevant materials will be given 14 days and 3 days before the date
     of the regular meetings of the Board (also refers to board committees) respectively. The Company Secretary will
     confirm with the Directors if any matters are required to be included in the agenda for regular meetings when they
     are sent out.

     Meeting minutes are kept with the Company Secretary, copies of which will be sent to each Director for perusal and
     records. All matters considered and resolved at the meetings, including any concerns raised by the Directors or
     dissenting views expressed will be recorded in the minutes. Board papers and related materials are open for review
     at any time by all Directors.




42   SHANGHAI INDUSTRIAL HOLDINGS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                                                                        CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




In 2022, 29 board meetings were held by the Company (23 of which were in the form of written resolutions). Please
refer to the Business Review, Discussion and Analysis of this Annual Report for material decisions made by the
Board during the year. The attendance of individual Directors and committee members in 2022 is set out below:

                                                                                   Meetings held in 2022

                                                                               Meetings attended/Meetings held

                                                                  Executive           Audit     Remuneration       Nomination         General
                                                     Board       Committee        Committee       Committee        Committee          Meeting

 Number of meetings held in the year                    29                7                3                2               1              1
 Executive Director
 Shen Xiao Chu                                       29/29              7/7                –                 –               –            1/1
 Zhou Jun                                            29/29              7/7                –                 –               –            1/1
 Xu Bo                                               29/29              7/7                –                 –               –            1/1
 Xu Zhan 2                                           29/29                –                –                 –               –            1/1
 Independent Non-Executive Director
 Woo Chia-Wei                                        29/29                –              3/3               2/2             1/1            1/1
 Leung Pak To, Francis                               27/29                –              3/3               2/2             1/1            1/1
 Yuen Tin Fan, Francis                               29/29                –              3/3               2/2             1/1            1/1
 Cheng Hoi Chuen, Vincent 3                          12/29                –              1/2               1/1               –            1/1
 Committee Members
 Xu Hui Hua 4                                             –               –                –               N/A            N/A              –
 Zhou Xu Bo                                               –               –                –               2/2            1/1              –
 Li Han Sheng 5                                           –               –                –               2/2            1/1              –
 Attendance                                          98.6%            100%            90.9%             100%            100%           100%


Notes:
1. The attendance is accounted for by reference to the number of board meetings held during the tenure of each respective Director.
2. Resigned on 3 February 2023.
3. Passed away on 28 August 2022.
4. Appointed on 8 February 2023.
5. Resigned on 8 February 2023.


Securities Transactions by Directors
The Company has established its own Code for Securities Transactions by Directors or Relevant Employees, which
was set on terms no less exacting than the required standards set out in the Model Code. Having made enquiries
with all Directors and the relevant employees of the Company, each of them has confirmed that they have fully
complied with the requirements of the Model Code and the code of the Company during 2022.




                                                                                 SHANGHAI INDUSTRIAL HOLDINGS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022        43
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




     Directors’ Training
     Based on the Directors’ training records, the trainings received by each Director for the year ended 31 December
     2022 is summarized as follows:

                                                                        Continuing professional development category

                                                                       To participate in training covering business, industries,
                                                                      corporate governance, regulatory development and other
                                                                related topics. To read newspapers, publications and updated
       Name of Director                                        information about economics, commerce, directors’ duties, etc.

       Executive Director
       Shen Xiao Chu                                                                                                         ✓
       Zhou Jun                                                                                                              ✓
       Xu Bo                                                                                                                 ✓
       Independent Non-Executive Director
       Woo Chia-Wei                                                                                                          ✓
       Leung Pak To, Francis                                                                                                 ✓
       Yuen Tin Fan, Francis                                                                                                 ✓


     Functions of Corporate Governance
     The Board of the Company is responsible for performing corporate governance duties to develop and review the
     Group’s policies and practices on corporate governance and make recommendations to the Board; to review and
     monitor the training and continuing professional development of Directors and senior management; to review and
     monitor the Group’s policies and practices on compliance with legal and regulatory requirements; to develop, review
     and monitor the code of conduct and compliance manual (if any) applicable to employees and Directors; and to
     review the Group’s compliance with the Corporate Governance Code and disclosure in the Corporate Governance
     Report.

     During the year, the Company also provided corporate governance guidelines and information from time to time to
     the Board members and member companies according to the latest laws and regulations, and ensured compliance
     with the relevant provisions of corporate governance by them. Furthermore, the Company has prepared the 2021
     Environmental, Social and Governance Report during the year and will prepare the 2022 Environmental, Social and
     Governance Report according to relevant requirements of the Listing Rules.

     DELEGATION BY THE BOARD
     Board Committees
     Currently four committees have been established under the Board, namely the Executive Committee, Audit
     Committee, Remuneration Committee and Nomination Committee. All committees are responsible to the Board,
     and shall report to the Board on the decisions or recommendations they made. The terms of reference of the
     Company’s Audit Committee, Remuneration Committee and Nomination Committee have been published on the
     Company’s website and the website of the Stock Exchange.

     Executive Committee
     Being a decision-making administrative body under the Board, the Executive Committee is primarily responsible for
     taking charge of the Company’s day-to-day operations, ensuring proper execution of the resolutions passed by the
     Board and at the general meetings, reviewing major business activities and investments, and reporting to the Board.

     All members of the Executive Committee are Executive Directors. As of the date of this report, members of the
     committee included Mr. Shen Xiao Chu, Mr. Zhou Jun and Mr. Xu Bo. Mr. Shen Xiao Chu is the chairman of the
     committee.




44   SHANGHAI INDUSTRIAL HOLDINGS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                                                       CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




Major Work Done by the Executive Committee
In 2022, the Executive Committee held seven meetings in the form of written resolutions. The matters considered
included approval of expressway widening and reconstruction projects, capital increase of subsidiaries, acquisition
of corporate equity interests, amendment of whistle-blowing policy, establishment of joint ventures and joint venture
tunnel projects, etc.

Audit Committee
The Audit Committee is mainly responsible for reviewing accounting policies and practices adopted by the Group.
The committee also reviews matters relating to financial reporting as well as risk management and internal control,
selects, appoints and dismisses external auditor and monitors the Company’s relationship with the auditor. It
also reviews the independence and objectivity of the external auditor and the effectiveness of the audit process,
the nature and scope of audit services and related audit fees payable to the auditor, and reports to and makes
recommendations to the Board for decision-making. The Company has arrangements for employees to raise
concerns, in confidence, with the Audit Committee about possible improprieties in any matter related to the
financial reporting, risk management and internal control.

For the year ended 31 December 2022 and up to the date of this report, changes of the Audit Committee are as
follows:

•     Mr. Cheng Hoi Chuen, Vincent, former chairman of the Audit Committee, passed away on 28 August 2022.

•     Mr. Leung Pak To, Francis was appointed as chairman of the Audit Committee on 19 October 2022.

Following the said changes and as of the date of this report, the members of the Audit Committee included Mr.
Leung Pak To, Francis, Prof. Woo Chia-Wei and Mr. Yuen Tin Fan, Francis. Mr. Leung Pak To, Francis is the
chairman of the committee. The Company Secretary acts as the committee secretary.

Major Work Done by the Audit Committee
In 2022, the Audit Committee held three meetings. The matters considered at the meetings included review
of the Group’s annual and half-year results, review of the Company’s financial reporting, risk management and
internal control systems, review of internal audit, non-audit services, resources and staff training for accounting,
internal audit, financial reporting functions and those relating to ESG performance and reporting, etc. as well as
appointment of external auditor for the coming year. During the year, not less than one meeting (including video
conference) was held in the absence of Executive Directors for the Audit Committee to meet with the auditor.

Remuneration Committee
The Remuneration Committee is mainly responsible for reviewing the remuneration policy and structure of
the Company as a whole and ensuring effective implementation of such policies. The committee also makes
recommendations to the Board on the establishment of formal and transparent procedures for setting the
remuneration policies and structure with regard to the Directors and senior management. The committee will
determine the remuneration of Directors and senior management in accordance with corporate strategies and goals
set up by the Board, and none of the Directors will determine his own remuneration.

For the year ended 31 December 2022 and up to the date of this report, changes of the Remuneration Committee
are as follows:

•     Mr. Cheng Hoi Chuen, Vincent, former member of the Remuneration Committee, passed away on 28 August
      2022.

•     On 8 February 2023, Mr. Li Han Sheng resigned as a member of the Remuneration Committee due to
      job re-arrangement. On the same day, Ms. Xu Hui Hua was appointed as a member of the Remuneration
      Committee.

Following the said changes and as of the date of this report, the members of the Remuneration Committee included
three Independent Non-Executive Directors, namely Prof. Woo Chia-Wei, Mr. Leung Pak To, Francis and Mr. Yuen
Tin Fan, Francis, as well as representatives from the management, namely Ms. Xu Hui Hua and Ms. Zhou Xu Bo.
Prof. Woo Chia-Wei is the chairman of the committee while the Company Secretary acts as the committee secretary.



                                                                  SHANGHAI INDUSTRIAL HOLDINGS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022   45
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




     Major Work Done by the Remuneration Committee
     In 2022, the Remuneration Committee held two meetings, one of which was in the form of written resolutions.
     The matters considered included distribution and payment of discretionary bonuses to the Directors, proposed
     adjustments for the remuneration of Directors and senior management, and enhancement on the remuneration
     management mechanism for leadership members, etc.

     During the year, according to the Company’s performance appraisal mechanism, salaries of the employees were
     reviewed and assessed taking into account the Company’s performance, individual performance of the staff and the
     trend of the industry average to ensure a reasonable and competitive compensation package for its employees.

     Determination of Directors’ Remuneration
     The remuneration of the Directors was determined with reference to the operating results of the Company, industry
     benchmarks and dedication of time by the Directors and their job responsibilities. The Company is committed to
     enhancing the remuneration management mechanism for leadership members in order to attract and retain talent,
     motivate performance and provide a fair and market competitive remuneration package. The current remuneration
     structure for Executive Directors holding executive positions is based on a package of annual base salary, annual
     performance-based salary and incentive income. Other Directors, including Independent Non-Executive Directors,
     receive director’s fees by reference to industry benchmark.

     Nomination Committee
     The Nomination Committee is mainly responsible for setting transparent procedures of appointing new directors
     and director succession plans and making recommendations to the Board for candidates of new directors or for
     filling casual vacancies of the Board. The Company has formulated its Nomination Policy, which aims to lay down
     the nomination procedures for new members of the Board to ensure that the Board consists of members who are
     balanced in skill, experience and diversity in perspectives and satisfy the business requirements of the Company.

     In selecting new directors or filling casual vacancies, the Nomination Committee will consider the candidate’s
     professional qualification and skill, integrity and reputation, achievement and experience in the industry in which
     the Company operates, as well as his time commitment. The committee will nominate candidates it considers
     appropriate with reference to the standards of the Board Diversity Policy, including but not limited to gender, age,
     cultural and educational background, racial, professional experience, skills, knowledge and lengths of service, etc.

     According to the nomination procedures of the Nomination Policy, a committee meeting will be convened and
     Board members will be invited to nominate candidates, while candidates recommended by senior management or
     controlling shareholder of the Company will also be considered. Suitable candidates will then be submitted to the
     Board for consideration and approval. Directors appointed by the Board will retire and are eligible for re-election at
     the forthcoming general meeting after their appointment. A circular containing information of the Directors to be
     re-elected as required by Rule 13.51(2) of the Listing Rules will be sent to Shareholders for their reference in
     relation to their voting.

     For the year ended 31 December 2022 and up to the date of this report, changes of the Nomination Committee are
     as follows:

     •     Mr. Cheng Hoi Chuen, Vincent, former member of the Nomination Committee, passed away on 28 August
           2022.

     •     On 8 February 2023, Mr. Li Han Sheng resigned as a member of the Nomination Committee due to job re-
           arrangement. On the same day, Ms. Xu Hui Hua was appointed as a member of the Nomination Committee.

     Following the said changes and as of the date of this report, the members of the Nomination Committee included
     three Independent Non-Executive Directors, namely Prof. Woo Chia-Wei, Mr. Leung Pak To, Francis and Mr. Yuen
     Tin Fan, Francis, as well as representatives from the management, namely Ms. Xu Hui Hua and Ms. Zhou Xu Bo.
     Prof. Woo Chia-Wei is the chairman of the committee while the Company Secretary acts as the committee secretary.




46   SHANGHAI INDUSTRIAL HOLDINGS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                                                      CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




Major Work Done by the Nomination Committee
In 2022, the Nomination Committee held one meeting in the form of written resolutions. The matters considered
included review of the structure, size and composition of the Board and the evaluation of independence of
Independent Non-Executive Directors, etc., and review of the composition of the Board in accordance with the
Board Diversity Policy. As the members of the Board come with different professional perspectives, and in terms of
the background of our major Shareholder and operation model of the Company, the committee is of the view that
the Board basically demonstrates a diversified composition and structure, except that the Board shall consider the
appointment of at least one Director of other gender, and that the current structure, size and composition of the
Board (including skills, knowledge and experience) are appropriate and adequate.

EXECUTIVE MANAGEMENT
Management Executives
The duties of the Executive Committee as authorized by the Board are delegated to the management executives
under the committee and will be performed by the respective functional departments. As of the date of this report,
members of the management executives included Mr. Zhou Jun, Mr. Xu Bo, Mr. Yang Qiu Hua, Mr. Yang Jian Wei
and Ms. Xu Hui Hua. The functional departments of the Company included administration, company secretarial,
corporate communications, finance, human resources, internal audit, investment operations, legal and the
Shanghai regional head office.

Investment Appraisal Committee
The Company has established an Investment Appraisal Committee to evaluate the viability of its investment
projects from different perspectives based on their expertise. Professional views are given by various functional
departments in accordance with the Company’s overall business investment strategies. After studying carefully
the key project elements, such as industry background, organizational structure, business development plans,
return on investment, financial and legal risk issues, the committee will form independent professional opinion and
submit its recommendations and reports to the management executives for consideration. Such appraisals will then
be submitted to the Executive Committee or the Board for approval according to procedures governing corporate
investment decision making processes. The Investment Appraisal Committee mainly comprises representatives
from respective functional departments at the Hong Kong headquarters and the Shanghai regional office. Current
members of the committee are the Head of the Investment Operations Department, the Company Secretary and
Chief Legal and Compliance Officer, the Head of the Finance Department and representative(s) from the Shanghai
regional office. During the year, the Investment Appraisal Committee conducted appraisals on 12 projects.

COMPANY SECRETARY
The Company Secretary is mainly responsible for sound information communication among the members of the
Board and the compliance of the policies and procedures of the Board and all applicable rules and regulations. The
Company Secretary maintains a close relationship with each Director and the management and provides assistance
and advice to the members of the Board when necessary. During the year, the Company Secretary provided
assistance and opinion to the Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, other members of the Board and the management
in respect of issues including policy and procedures of the Board, applicable laws and regulations and corporate
governance from time to time, and arranges professional development programmes for the Directors, where
applicable. The Company Secretary confirmed that he had received not less than 15 hours of relevant professional
training during the year. The selection, appointment and dismissal of the Company Secretary are approved by the
Board. Brief biographical details of the Company Secretary are set out on page 55 of this Annual Report and the
Company’s website.




                                                                 SHANGHAI INDUSTRIAL HOLDINGS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022   47
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




     AUDIT, INTERNAL CONTROL AND RISK MANAGEMENT
     Appointment of External Auditor
     In considering the re-appointment of external auditor, the Audit Committee has taken into consideration its
     relationship with the Company and its independence in the provision of non-audit services. An independence report
     has been submitted to the committee by the external auditor. Pursuant to the above, the Audit Committee has
     recommended the Board to re-appoint Messrs. Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu as the external auditor for the Company
     for 2023, subject to approval by Shareholders at the annual general meeting to be held on 25 May 2023.

     The audit fee of the external auditor for 2022 amounted to HK$20,447,000. The Company has also established
     the Policies on Provision of Non-audit Services by External Auditor, and non-audit services provided to the Group
     were reported to the Audit Committee each year. The fees for the non-audit services provided to the Group by the
     Company’s external auditor (including its affiliates) for the year were as follows:

                                                                                                2022              2021
       Fees for non-audit services                                                           HK$’000          HK$’000

       Financial due diligence of acquisition projects and auditor’s report fee                1,851              5,461
       Tax consultation fee                                                                      407                206
       Others                                                                                  1,257              1,411
       Total                                                                                   3,515              7,078


     Preparation of Financial Statements
     The financial statements and interim report of the Company were prepared in accordance with the disclosure
     requirements set forth in Appendix 16 to the Listing Rules and Hong Kong Financial Reporting Standards issued
     by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants and in accordance with the Companies Ordinance.
     The Board is responsible for preparing and reviewing the Group’s accounts to ensure that they give a true and fair
     view on the financial position as well as the profits and cash flows of the Company. The Company has consistently
     applied appropriate accounting policies during the year, and has made prudent and reasonable judgments and
     estimates and prepared its accounts on a going concern basis. The external auditor stated in the independent
     auditor’s report its opinion and report to the Shareholders on the relevant financial statements, and such report is
     set out on pages 68 and 72 of this Annual Report.

     In accordance with the Corporate Governance Code, arrangements have been made by the management to provide
     monthly management updates to the Directors setting out updated information on the performance, financial status
     and prospects of the Company, to assist the Directors in performing their duties under the Listing Rules.

     Risk Management and Internal Control
     The Board is responsible for evaluating and determining the nature and extent of the risks it is willing to take
     in achieving its strategic objectives and ensuring that the Company establishes and maintains appropriate and
     effective risk management and internal control systems. The Board will also, through the Audit Committee, oversee
     management in the design, implementation and monitoring of the risk management and internal control systems,
     and management has provided a confirmation to the Board on the effectiveness of these systems during the year for
     review by the Board. An Internal Audit Department has been established for monitoring the prudent and effective
     operation of the Group’s risk management and internal control systems (including those of all its major member
     companies) and respective reports will be made to the Audit Committee and the Board on a quarterly basis. The
     internal audit system is currently conducted in a cycle of three years, and internal audits will be conducted for
     all direct subsidiaries within the Group for the purpose of risk assessment according to the significance of the
     respective projects.




48   SHANGHAI INDUSTRIAL HOLDINGS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                                                       CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




The Company disclosed in its annual report 2021, announcements dated 11 January 2022, 29 January 2022
and 29 June 2022, respectively in relation to the outstanding accounts receivable of SIIC Longchuang. From the
perspective of subsidiary management and control, the Company’s listed subsidiary, SI Development, has gradually
made improvement to SIIC Longchuang’s management system in terms of system formulation, staff appointment,
internal governance, proceeding of meetings and information technology as well as nominating designated
department and personnel to strengthen the control and management of SIIC Longchuang. SI Development will
endeavor to take all feasible measures and means to reduce losses from the incident and to ensure the stable
operation of the listed company, gaining experience from the SIIC Longchuang incident to appropriately deal with
the respective issues while safeguarding the interests of its shareholders.

Save as the above, no material deviation in the compliance guidance on risk management and internal controls by
the subsidiaries was reported, and all subsidiaries have complied with the relevant laws and industry regulations in
respect of financial reporting and legal compliance. No material non-compliance of rules or material litigation risk
(including ESG risks) was reported, nor was there any fraud or corruption issue. For the year ended 31 December
2022, the Company has collected information and carried out investigations in respect of risk management
and internal control issues for its subsidiaries. Key risk (including ESG risks) elements affecting the Group and
contingency measures adopted were reported to the Audit Committee. In addition, the Board and the Audit
Committee considered that the resources allocated, staff qualifications and experience in respect of the accounting,
internal audit, financial reporting functions of the Company, the ESG performance and reporting of the Group as
well as training programs and budget were adequate and sufficient. The Company will continue to improve its risk
management and internal control systems to ensure that they remain effective.

Policies and Systems
Whistleblowing Policy
During the year, amendments were made to the Company’s existing Whistle-blowing Policy in accordance with the
new provisions to the Corporate Governance Code in Appendix 14 of the Listing Rules, with the aim to establish
procedures and arrangements for whistleblower(s) to report in confidence. Whistleblowers, including employees
and other persons who conduct business with the Group (such as customers and suppliers), may report to the
Audit Committee, either anonymously or by name, any possible misconducts in relation to the Group so that the
Company can take appropriate action to rectify any related acts and improve corporate governance standards.

Anti-corruption Policy
The Company has an Anti-corruption Policy in place and it is clearly stated in the Company’s staff manual that
employees must strictly comply with the relevant conduct guidelines therein and must not contravene the provisions
of the Prevention of Bribery Ordinance under the laws of Hong Kong.

Information Disclosure
The Company also established its own Inside Information Disclosure Policy in order to convey the principles and
reporting requirements to all of its subsidiaries with a view to maintain good corporate governance within the Group
and to ensure due disclosure of corporate information as well as to enhance corporate transparency. At present,
the Group releases business development information in a timely manner through different channels, including the
publication of annual and interim reports and performance results, sending of circulars to Shareholders, a WeChat
public account and disclosing latest developments through news conference and press releases. All the above
information is published on the Company’s website.




                                                                 SHANGHAI INDUSTRIAL HOLDINGS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022   49
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




     SHAREHOLDERS
     As at 31 December 2022, SIIC, the controlling Shareholder, indirectly held 685,410,748 Shares (excluding the
     interest in the underlying shares and short positions) with a shareholding percentage at approximately 63.04%
     (excluding the underlying Shares). The percentage of public shareholding was approximately 36.96%.

     Connections with Shareholders, Other Stakeholders and Investors
     The Company has established the Shareholders’ Communication Policy to ensure that Shareholders (and investors)
     have access to comprehensive, identical and easily understandable information about the Company (including its
     financial performance, operational overview, strategic objectives and plans, significant developments, governance
     and risk profile) through various channels in a fair, timely and transparent manner. Shareholders can exercise their
     powers in an informed manner, and the policy also enables Shareholders and investors to improve communications
     with the Company. In addition, the Board attaches great importance to Shareholders’ opinion. Each annual general
     meeting has been taken as an opportunity for the Board members (including chairmen of the committees under
     the Board), relevant management and external auditor to attend and communicate directly with Shareholders, in-
     person or online, and to address the questions raised by them. At the annual general meeting held in 2022, the
     attending Shareholders proactively raised questions and all resolutions proposed were passed with high voting rate.
     Shareholders, other stakeholders and investors are also welcome to voice their concerns and valuable opinions by
     way of e-mails, telephone and in writing (details of which are contained on page 3 under the section of “Shareholder
     Enquiries” of this Annual Report). These will be directed to the Company Secretary and forwarded to the Board.

     The Company monitors market news. Designated departments are assigned to deal with price sensitive information,
     external enquiries, corporate visits, analyst meetings and press releases as well as organizing investor events,
     in accordance with the Company’s Shareholder Communication Policy and to ensure strict compliance with the
     disclosure obligations and requirements under the Guide on Disclosure of Price-sensitive Information issued by the
     Stock Exchange. During the year, the Company has reviewed the current Shareholder Communication Policy and
     considers it to be practical and effective.

     Proceedings at General Meeting
     The Company has established proceedings at general meetings which are subject to review and amendments
     according to regulatory requirements from time to time. During the year, at the general meetings of the Company,
     the chairman of the meeting exercised the power conferred under the articles of association of the Company that
     all voting for each proposed resolution was conducted by way of poll, with detailed procedures for voting by poll
     being explained to Shareholders and all questions raised regarding voting being answered as well. Poll results were
     published by an announcement on the same day of such general meetings after they had been held, while the
     same were uploaded on the website of the Company and the Stock Exchange for perusal by Shareholders.

     Rights of Shareholders
     Shareholders who wish to convene an extraordinary general meeting and move a motion thereat shall abide by the
     provisions under the Companies Ordinance and the articles of association of the Company. Details of the relevant
     requirements and procedures are set out in the relevant sections of “Corporate Governance” in the Company’s
     website.

     Convening a General Meeting
     Pursuant to section 566 of the Companies Ordinance, shareholders representing at least 5% of the total voting
     rights of all shareholders are entitled to convene a general meeting. The request which may consist of several
     documents in like form must state the general nature of the business to be dealt with at the general meeting and
     may include the text of the resolutions proposed. It must be authenticated by the person making such requisition
     which must be sent to the Company in printed or electronic form for the attention of the Company Secretary.

     Moving a Motion at General Meeting
     Pursuant to section 615(2) of the Companies Ordinance, (1) shareholders representing at least 2.5% of the total
     voting rights of all shareholders; or (2) at least 50 shareholders with voting rights at the general meeting concerned
     may send their duly signed request to the Company in printed or electronic form for the attention of the Company
     Secretary for matters to be dealt with at a general meeting of the Company.




50   SHANGHAI INDUSTRIAL HOLDINGS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                                                         CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




Recommendations of Director Candidates
Pursuant to article 105 of the articles of association of the Company, if a shareholder intends to nominate a person
other than the retiring directors for election as a director at a general meeting, he/she shall deposit a written notice
of such nomination to the Company’s registered office for the attention of the Company Secretary within a period of
seven days commencing on the following day after the dispatch of the notice of such meeting.

Significance Controllers Register
In accordance with the Companies (Amendment) Ordinance 2018, the subsidiaries of the Company incorporated
in Hong Kong have set up their respective significant controllers’ register. This enhances the transparency of the
beneficial ownership of such companies to a certain extent.

Dividend Policy
The Company formulated its Dividend Policy to set out principles for the Board’s consideration before making any
dividend distribution. According to the Dividend Policy, dividends can only be paid out of profits and the Company
may elect to make the distribution in cash, in specie or in scripts. The payout ratio shall be determined at the
discretion of the Board, but there is no guarantee for dividend distribution. The decision of dividend distribution (if
any) will be made after taking into account the financial, legal, taxation and internal conditions of the Company as
well as dividends receivable from subsidiaries and global market condition. Generally speaking, all shares will rank
pari passu in terms of dividend entitlement. After considering the plan and proposal of the management, the Board
may, at its discretion, propose or decide to distribute interim dividends. Final dividends shall be proposed to the
Shareholders for approval.

INVESTOR RELATIONS
In the new normal under the pandemic during 2022, the Company continued to increase the proportion of online
activities in line with public gathering restrictions and pandemic prevention measures implemented by the Hong
Kong government, while replacing the traditional offline press conferences with online result announcement
briefings. During the year, the Company actively participated in online investor seminars, forums and one-on-one
meetings organised by investment banks, proactively strengthened and maintained communication with investors
and medias and enhanced the Company’s exposure and professional image in the capital market.

In addition, the Company received several team awards during the year. In September, the Company received
the “Best ESG” in the “2022 Golden Kirin Best Hong Kong and US Listed Companies” Awards at a summit
organised by Sina Finance and supported by the Chinese Securities Association of Hong Kong and the Hong
Kong Investor Relations Association. With nearly 1,000 companies participating in the competition, the award was
adjudicated through a combination of corporate self-nomination and financial model screening, followed by an
online voting process based on consolidated financial index, and final selected the winning companies. The ESG
award demonstrates that the Company’s environmental business has been well recognised by the market for its
deployment and strategic transformation. In the same month, the Company was also awarded the “Certificate of
Excellence” by the Hong Kong Investor Relations Association, the eighth consecutive year that the Company has
been awarded the certificate.

In December, the Company received the “6th China Excellent IR – Best Information Disclosure” award from
Roadshow China, a professional platform institution for listed companies and real-name investors. A total of nearly
500 listed companies submitted information for the competition. The award winners were selected by combining
the scores of IR questionnaires, online voting and institutional judging in the areas of information disclosure quality,
corporate value, corporate governance, ESG frontiers, capital market communication and IR innovation practices of
listed companies. This is also the third consecutive year that the Company has won the award. In the same month,
the Company won the “7th Golden Share Listed in Hong Kong for Best Infrastructure and Utilities Company” jointly
organised by Zhitong Caijing and HitThink RoyalFlush Information, the leading Hong Kong and US stock information
platforms in China. The finalists were selected after a rigorous two-month selection process that attracted over 1,000
participations of Hong Kong and US-listed companies and were rated on their performance in terms of growth,
industry ranking, corporate governance, business model, market influence and capital market performance over
the past year, with corresponding public voting weightings.

These awards demonstrate that the Company’s professionalism and performance in the past year have been widely
recognized by the industry, and further establish and consolidate the Company’s image in the capital market.




                                                                    SHANGHAI INDUSTRIAL HOLDINGS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022   51
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




     CONSTITUTIONAL DOCUMENTS
     During the year, there were no significant changes to the constitutional documents of the Company. The updated
     Company’s articles of association was uploaded on the websites of the Company and the Stock Exchange for
     perusal.

     HUMAN RESOURCES
     Staff (including Directors) salaries, allowances and bonuses totaled HK$1,942 million for the year (2021: HK$1,887
     million). Details of Directors’ remuneration paid for the year ended 31 December 2022 are set out in note 11 to the
     financial statements. The remuneration payable to the top five of management staff of the Company by band for the
     year ended 31 December 2022 was as follows:

                                                                                                                 2022
       Remuneration by band (HK$)                                                                 Number of individuals

       1,000,001 – 2,000,000                                                                                         3
       2,000,001 – 3,000,000                                                                                         1
       3,000,001 – 4,000,000                                                                                         1
                                                                                                                     5


     SHARE OPTIONS
     The Company adopted the SIHL Scheme at the extraordinary general meeting held on 25 May 2012, and the
     scheme was expired on 24 May 2022. No share options were granted or outstanding under the SIHL Scheme
     during the year.

     SI Urban Development, a subsidiary of the Company, adopted the SI Urban Development Scheme at the annual
     general meeting held on 16 May 2013. Up to 31 December 2022, no share options were granted or outstanding
     under the SI Urban Development Scheme during the year.

     SIIC Environment, a subsidiary of the Company, adopted the SIIC Environment Scheme at the extraordinary general
     meeting held on 27 April 2012, and the scheme was expired on 26 April 2022. No share options were granted or
     outstanding under the SIIC Environment Scheme.

     Details of the SIHL Scheme, SI Urban Development Scheme and SIIC Environment Scheme are set out in note 36
     to the financial statements.

     By Order of the Board
     Yee Foo Hei
     Company Secretary

     30 March 2023




52   SHANGHAI INDUSTRIAL HOLDINGS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022
  DIRECTORS’ AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT PROFILES


DIRECTORS
Executive Directors
Mr. SHEN Xiao Chu            Executive Director, Chairman
(Appointed on 28 February 2018 ~ Present)

Mr. Shen, aged 61, is currently an executive director and the chairman of Shanghai Industrial Investment (Holdings)
Company Limited. He graduated from Shanghai Second Medical University and Shanghai Jiao Tong University
respectively and holds a bachelor’s degree in medicine, a bachelor’s degree in law and an executive master of
business administration, and is designated a deputy professor. Mr. Shen was a deputy officer of the Principal
Office of Shanghai Second Medical University, deputy director of Shanghai Huangpu District Hygiene Bureau,
hospital dean of Huangpu District Central Hospital, deputy mayor of Huangpu District, Shanghai, deputy mayor of
Changning District, Shanghai, deputy officer of Shanghai Municipal Development and Reform Commission, officer
of Shanghai Municipal Commission of Health and Family Planning, officer of Shanghai Municipal Development
and Reform Commission and deputy secretary general of the Shanghai Municipal Government. He has extensive
experience in the leadership role in government authorities as well as in economics, people’s livelihood, medical
and urban construction and management.

Mr. ZHOU Jun                 Executive Director, Vice Chairman, Chief Executive Officer
(Appointed on 15 April 2009 ~ Present)

Mr. Zhou, aged 54, is an executive director and the president of Shanghai Industrial Investment (Holdings)
Company Limited (“SIIC”). He is also the non-executive chairman of SIIC Environment Holdings Ltd. and a director
of certain other subsidiaries of the Group. Mr. Zhou is a non-executive director and the chairman of Shanghai
Pharmaceuticals Holdings Co., Ltd., the chairman of SIIC Shanghai Capital Management Co., Ltd. and the chairman
of Shanghai Culture Industry Development Fund Limited. He graduated from Nanjing University, Fudan University
and Shanghai Advance Institute of Finance of Shanghai Jiao Tong University and W. P. Carey School of Business
of Arizona State University, USA with a bachelor’s, a master’s degree in economics (international finance) and
doctoral degree in business and management, and is designated an economist. Mr. Zhou currently is the chairman
of Shanghai Galaxy Investment Co., Ltd. (“Shanghai Galaxy”). He worked for Guotai Securities Co., Ltd. (now
Guotai Junan Securities Co.) before joining SIIC in April 1996. The management positions he had held within the
SIIC group of companies were Deputy CEO of the Company, deputy general manager of SIIC Real Estate Holdings
(Shanghai) Co., Ltd., deputy general manager of Shanghai United Industrial Co., Ltd., director and general manager
of Shanghai Galaxy and general manager of the strategic investment department of SIIC. Mr. Zhou is currently a
member of the executive committee of the Chinese People’s Political Consultative Conference in Shanghai, the
president of Shanghai Youth Entrepreneurs Association, the president of Shanghai Pharmaceutical Profession
Association, the president of Shanghai Association of Environmental Protection Industry and a director of Shanghai
Immune Therapy Institute. Mr. Zhou is an Outstanding Entrepreneur of Shanghai in 2021. He has many years’
professional experience in securities, mergers and acquisitions, financial investment, real estate, project planning
and corporate management.




                                                                 SHANGHAI INDUSTRIAL HOLDINGS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022   53
     DIRECTORS’ AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT PROFILES




     Mr. XU Bo                       Executive Director, Deputy CEO
     (Appointed on 28 December 2012 ~ Present)

     Mr. Xu, aged 61, was an executive director, a vice president and chief financial controller of Shanghai Industrial
     Investment (Holdings) Company Limited (“SIIC”). He is also a director of certain other subsidiaries of the Group. He
     was the chairman of Nanyang Brothers Tobacco Company, Limited, an executive deputy officer of the accounting
     department of Shanghai Lixin University of Commerce, a deputy general manager and chief financial officer of
     Shanghai Hualian Co., Ltd., an executive director, deputy general manager and chief financial officer of Shanghai
     Bailian Group Co., Ltd., a vice president of Bailian Group Co., Ltd. and a non-executive director of Lianhua
     Supermarket Holdings Co., Ltd. He has many years’ experience in finance and corporate management.

     Independent Non-Executive Directors
     Prof. WOO Chia-Wei              Independent Non-Executive Director
     (Appointed on 15 March 1996 ~ Present)

     Prof. Woo, aged 85, is Senior Advisor of Shui On Holdings Limited and President Emeritus of the Hong Kong
     University of Science and Technology. In addition, Prof. Woo is currently an independent non-executive director of
     First Shanghai Investments Limited, a Hong Kong listed company.

     Mr. LEUNG Pak To, Francis       Independent Non-Executive Director
     (Appointed on 15 March 1996 ~ Present)

     Mr. Leung, aged 68, has over 30 years of experience in corporate finance involving in capital raisings, mergers and
     acquisitions, corporate restructuring and reorganisation, investments and other general corporate finance advisory
     activities in Hong Kong and China. In 1980, he graduated with a master’s degree in business administration from
     University of Toronto, Canada.

     Mr. Yuen Tin Fan, Francis       Independent Non-Executive Director
     (Appointed on 15 July 2016 ~ Present)

     Mr. Yuen, aged 70, is currently the independent non-executive deputy chairman of Pacific Century Regional
     Developments Limited and an independent non-executive director of Yixin Group Limited. Mr. Yuen was formerly
     the chief executive of The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (1988-1991), deputy chairman and executive
     director of the Pacific Century Group, deputy chairman and executive director of PCCW Limited, executive chairman
     of Pacific Century Insurance Holdings Limited and an independent non-executive director of Agricultural Bank of
     China Limited. Mr. Yuen holds a Bachelor of Arts degree in economics from the University of Chicago. He is the
     chairman of the board of trustees of the Hong Kong Centre for Economic Research, chairman of the advisory board
     of Ortus Capital Management Limited, and a member of the board of University of Chicago and Fudan University in
     Shanghai.




54   SHANGHAI INDUSTRIAL HOLDINGS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                                   DIRECTORS’ AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT PROFILES




SENIOR MANAGEMENT
Mr. YANG Qiu Hua
Mr. Yang, aged 50, was appointed a Deputy CEO of the Company in January 2021 and a vice president of
Shanghai Industrial Investment (Holdings) Company Limited. He is also the chairman of Nanyang Brothers Tobacco
Company, Limited (“Nanyang Tobacco”), The Wing Fat Printing Company, Limited and a director of certain other
subsidiaries of the Group. He graduated from East China University of Science and Technology with a master’s
degree and holds the designation of senior engineer and economist. Mr. Yang was the general manager of Nanyang
Tobacco, a vice president of SIIC Investment (Shanghai) Co., Ltd., the vice chairman and general manager of
SIIC Investment Company Limited, the chairman of The Tien Chu (Hong Kong) Company Limited and Shanghai
International Asset Management (Hong Kong) Company Limited as well as the managing director of Shanghai
Sunway Biotech Co., Ltd. He has many years’ experience in enterprise management.

Mr. YANG Jian Wei
Mr. Yang, aged 51, was appointed a Deputy CEO of the Company in January 2021. He is an executive director
and the chief executive officer of SIIC Environment Holdings Ltd., the chairman of SIIC Management (Shanghai)
Ltd. (“SIIC Management”), a director of Shanghai Industrial Development Co., Ltd., Nanyang Brothers Tobacco
Company, Limited and certain other subsidiaries of the Group. He graduated from Huazhong University of Science
and Technology and Shanghai Jiao Tong University with a bachelor’s degree in engineering, a master’s degree in
management engineering and a doctoral degree in management. Mr. Yang worked for China National Nonferrous
Materials Co., Ltd. and Hong Yuan Securities Co., Ltd. Mr. Yang joined Shanghai Industrial Investment (Holdings)
Company Limited (“SIIC”) in June 2004, and was an assistant general manager of Shanghai Galaxy Investment Co.,
Ltd., assistant general manager of the board of directors’ office, secretary to chairman of SIIC, Assistant CEO of the
Company and the general manager of SIIC Management. He has many years’ experience in financial investment,
security research, investment banking, project planning and business operation.

Ms. XU Hui Hua
Ms. Xu, aged 46, was appointed a Deputy CEO of the Company in February 2023. She is also a general manager
of human resources department of Shanghai Industrial Investment (Holdings) Company Limited. She graduated
from Fudan University with a postgraduate degree and a master’s degree in business administration. She was a
director of leadership management department of Shanghai Pharmaceutical (Group) Co., Ltd., the general manager
of human resources department of Shanghai Pharmaceuticals Holding Co., Ltd. and executive vice president of
Shanghai Pharma University. She has many years’ experience in human resources.

PROFESSIONAL STAFF
Mr. YEE Foo Hei, Jackson
Mr. Yee, aged 59, joined the Company in September 2010. He is the Company Secretary and the Chief Legal
and Compliance Officer of the Company. He graduated from City Polytechnic of Hong Kong (now City University
of Hong Kong) and University of Wolverhampton, UK with a professional diploma in company secretaryship and
administration and a LLB degree respectively. Mr. Yee is a fellow member of The Hong Kong Chartered Governance
Institute, The Chartered Governance Institute and The Association of Chartered Certified Accountants. Mr. Yee
has more than 30 years’ practical company secretarial experience in international accountancy firm, multi-national
conglomerate and large-scale PRC stated-owned enterprise.




                                                                  SHANGHAI INDUSTRIAL HOLDINGS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022   55
     DIRECTORS’ AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT PROFILES




     Senior Management of Member Companies
     Mr. ZENG Ming
     Mr. Zeng, aged 52, is the chairman of Shanghai Industrial Development Co., Ltd. Mr. Zeng graduated from
     Shanghai Urban Construction Vocational Institute with a bachelor of Engineering and holds the designation of a
     senior engineer. He was a deputy head of Shanghai Highway Administration Office, a deputy officer of Shanghai
     Huchong Yuejiang Passageway Preparatory Office, a deputy general manager of Shanghai Huchong Yuejiang
     Passageway Investment Co., Ltd., head of finance division and the construction and operation management division
     of the Shanghai Municipal Engineering Administration Bureau, head of the construction market supervision division
     of Shanghai Municipal Urban-Rural Development and Transportation Commission, chief of Shanghai Municipal
     Building Industry Management Office and deputy general manager of China Construction Eighth Engineering
     Division Corp. Ltd. and the chairman of the board of Shanghai Industrial Urban Development Group Limited and
     has many years’ experience in corporation management.

     Mr. XU Xiao Bing
     Mr. Xu, aged 56, is a director and the president of Shanghai Industrial Development Co., Ltd., an executive director
     of SIIC Environment Holdings Ltd. (“SIIC Environment”) and a director of certain other subsidiaries of the Group.
     Mr. Xu graduated from Peking University with a master’s degree in business administration. He was an investment
     and financial analyst of Beijing Jingfang Investment Management & Consultant Co., Ltd. under the Beijing
     Capital Group, a Deputy CEO of the Company and the chief representative of Shanghai Representative Office of
     the Company, the deputy head of the investment planning department, the head of the enterprise management
     department, the deputy general manager and general manager of SIIC Management (Shanghai) Limited and
     the chief executive officer of SIIC Environment. He has many years’ experience in corporate management and
     investment planning.

     Mr. HUANG Hai Ping
     Mr. Huang, aged 57, is a vice president of Shanghai Industrial Investment (Holdings) Company Limited. He is
     also the chairman of the board of Shanghai Urban Development Group Limited. He graduated from the Shanghai
     Education Institute majoring in political education (undergraduate) and obtained a bachelor degree of laws from
     the Shanghai Normal University. He holds the title of political engineer. Mr. Huang previously acted as deputy
     officer of the Huangpu District Xiaodongmen Sub-district Office, officer of the Huangpu District Bansongyuan Road
     Sub-district Office, director of the Huangpu District Housing and Land Administrative Bureau, leader of the Joint
     Preparation Group of the Huangpu District Development and Reform Commission, director of the Huangpu District
     Housing Security and Housing Administrative Bureau, deputy director of the Putuo District Government of Shanghai
     and vice chairman of the CPC Shanghai Putuo District Committee. He has many years’ experience in urban
     construction and management.

     Mr. TANG Jun
     Mr. Tang, aged 55, is an executive director and the president of Shanghai Industrial Urban Development Group
     Limited. He graduated from University of South Australia with a master’s degree in business administration
     and holds the designation of a senior auditor, and is an associate of The Chinese Institute of Certified Public
     Accountants. Mr. Tang was an Executive Director of the Company, the general manager of the internal audit
     department and deputy general manager of the finance and planning department of Shanghai Industrial Investment
     (Holdings) Company Limited, a director and the president of Shanghai Industrial Development Co., Ltd. and the
     Deputy Director of the Foreign Funds Utilization Audit Department, Shanghai Municipal Audit Office, and has many
     years’ practical experience in the fields of auditing and finance.

     Mr. DAI Wei Wei
     Mr. Dai, aged 53, is a director and the general manager of SIIC Management (Shanghai) Limited and the chief
     representative of Shanghai Representative Office of the Company. He is also a director of Shanghai Hu-Ning
     Expressway (Shanghai Section) Co., Ltd., Shanghai Shen-Yu Development Co., Ltd., Shanghai Luqiao Development
     Co., Ltd. and certain other subsidiaries of the Group. Mr. Dai graduated from Shanghai Tongji University and Fudan
     University and obtained a bachelor’s degree in engineering and a master’s degree in business administration
     respectively, and holds the designation of a senior engineer. He worked in Shanghai Mass Transit Railway
     Corporation, Shanghai Municipal Engineering Administration and Shanghai Jiajin Highway Development Co., Ltd.
     He has many years’ experience in construction operation and corporate management of infrastructure.




56   SHANGHAI INDUSTRIAL HOLDINGS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                                  DIRECTORS’ AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT PROFILES




Ms. CHANG Jin Yu
Ms. Chang, aged 51, is the general manager of Shanghai Hu-Ning Expressway (Shanghai Section) Co., Ltd. and
Shanghai Shen-Yu Development Co., Ltd. and a director of Shanghai Luqiao Development Co., Ltd. (“Luqiao
Development”) and certain other subsidiaries of the Group. Ms. Chang graduated from School of Mechanical
Engineering of Shanghai Jiao Tong University, Shanghai University of Finance and Economics and Arizona State
University, USA with a bachelor’s degree in engineering, a master’s degree in finance and a master’s degree in
business administration respectively, and obtained a qualified certificate of chief financial officer from Shanghai
National Accounting Institute. She was a deputy general manager of SIIC Management (Shanghai) Ltd., an
executive deputy general manager of Luqiao Development, deputy general manager of Shanghai Galaxy Investment
Co., Ltd., the chairman of SIIC Aerospace Galaxy Energy (Shanghai) Co., Ltd. and Shanghai Shengtai Investment
and Management Co., Ltd. She has many years’ experience in mergers and acquisitions, financial investment,
project planning and enterprise management.

Mr. GU Yao Zhong
Mr. Gu, aged 54, is a director and the general manager of Shanghai Luqiao Development Co., Ltd. Mr. Gu
graduated from Shanghai University (formerly Shanghai Vocational College of Science and Technology), and
obtained a bachelor’s degree in engineering and holds the designation of a mid-level engineer. He was a manager
of the engineering department of Shanghai Pujiang Bridge and Tunnel Operation and Management Co., Ltd.
and deputy general manager of Shanghai Hu-Ning Expressway (Shanghai Section) Co., Ltd. He has many years’
experience in operation management and maintenance of bridge, tunnel and highway.

Mr. DAI Yuan Lun
Mr. Dai, aged 58, is a director and the general manager of Nanyang Brothers Tobacco Company, Limited
(“Nanyang Tobacco”). He graduated from Shanghai Institute of Mechanical Engineering with a bachelor’s degree
in engineering and holds a designation of senior engineer. Mr. Dai was an executive deputy general manager of
Nanyang Tobacco, a vice president of Shanghai Electric Group Printing and Packaging Machinery Group and
the general manager of Shanghai Electric Group Printing and Packaging Machinery Co., Ltd. He has extensive
experience in enterprise management (manufacturing).

Mr. SUN Zhong Da
Mr. Sun, aged 54, is a director and the president of The Wing Fat Printing Company, Limited. He graduated from
East China University of Science and Technology with a postgraduate degree in business administration and
holds a designation of senior engineer. Mr. Sun was a deputy officer of the manufacturing centre of Shanghai
Pharmaceutical (Group) Co., Ltd. and the general manager of SPH No. 1 Biochemical & Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.
He has extensive experience in enterprise management.




                                                                 SHANGHAI INDUSTRIAL HOLDINGS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022   57
     DIRECTORS’ REPORT


     The Directors have pleasure in presenting their report and the audited consolidated financial statements of the
     Group for the year ended 31 December 2022.

     PRINCIPAL ACTIVITIES
     The Group is principally engaged in the businesses of infrastructure facilities, real estate and consumer products.

     PRINCIPAL SUBSIDIARIES, JOINT VENTURES AND ASSOCIATES
     Details of the principal subsidiaries, joint ventures and associates as at 31 December 2022 are set out in notes 50,
     51 and 52 to the consolidated financial statements respectively.

     BUSINESS REVIEW
     A fair review of the Group’s business including a discussion of the principal risks and uncertainties facing the
     Group and an indication of likely future developments in the Group’s business, is set out in the section of “Business
     Review, Discussion and Analysis” set out on pages 14 to 31 of this Annual Report.

     Disclosures relating to the compliance with relevant laws and regulations which have a significant impact on the
     Group, as well as its relationships with its major stakeholders are included in the “Corporate Governance Report” on
     pages 39 to 52 of this Annual Report.

     Such discussion forms part of this Directors’ Report.

     DIVIDENDS
     The results of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2022 and the Group’s financial position at 31 December
     2022 are set out in the Group’s consolidated financial statements on pages 73 to 195 of this Annual Report.

     In respect of the interim dividend for the year, the Company completed the payment of HK42 cents per Share to
     the Shareholder (2021: HK48 cents per share). The Directors recommend the payment of a final dividend of HK50
     cents per Share to the Shareholders whose names appear on the register of members of the Company on 5 June
     2023.

     FINANCIAL SUMMARY
     A summary of the financial information of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2022 and the previous four
     years is set out on page 196 of this Annual Report.

     SHARE CAPITAL
     Details of the share capital of the Company during the year are set out in note 35 to the consolidated financial
     statements.

     DISTRIBUTABLE RESERVES OF THE COMPANY
     The Company’s reserves available for distribution to Shareholders as at 31 December 2022 represented retained
     profits of HK$20,718,605,000 (2021: HK$20,081,132,000).




58   SHANGHAI INDUSTRIAL HOLDINGS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                                                                             DIRECTORS’ REPORT




DIRECTORS
The Directors of the Company during the year and up to the date of this report were:

Executive Directors
Shen Xiao Chu (Chairman)
Zhou Jun (Vice Chairman & Chief Executive Officer)
Xu Bo (Deputy CEO)
Xu Zhan                                                  (Resigned on 3 February 2023)

Independent Non-Executive Directors
Woo Chia-Wei
Leung Pak To, Francis
Yuen Tin Fan, Francis
Cheng Hoi Chuen, Vincent                                 (Passed away on 28 August 2022)

Mr. Xu Zhan resigned as an Executive Director of the Company with effect from 3 February 2023 due to his
personal career development.

Mr. Cheng Hoi Chuen, Vincent, a former Independent Non-Executive Director of the Company, passed away on 28
August 2022.

The biographical details of the Directors are set out on pages 53 to 54 of this Annual Report. Details of Directors’
emoluments are set out in note 11 to the consolidated financial statements.

In accordance with the Company’s articles of association, the Directors of the Company (including the Independent
Non-Executive Directors) shall be subject to retirement by rotation at each annual general meeting. Mr. Shen
Xiao Chu, Mr. Zhou Jun and Mr. Yuen Tin Fan, Francis shall retire by rotation at the forthcoming annual general
meeting. All of them, being eligible, have offered themselves for re-election at the forthcoming annual general
meeting.

DIRECTORS OF THE SUBSIDIARIES
The names of all directors who have served on the boards of the subsidiaries of the Company during the year ended
31 December 2022 and up to the date of this report are available on the website of the Company.

DIRECTORS’ SERVICE CONTRACTS
None of the Directors being proposed for re-election at the forthcoming annual general meeting has a service
contract with the Company or any of its subsidiaries which is not determinable by the Group within one year without
payment of compensation, other than statutory compensation.

PERMITTED INDEMNITY PROVISIONS
During the year ended 31 December 2022 and up to the date of this report, the Company has in force permitted
indemnity provisions for the benefits of the Directors of the Company (including former Directors) or of its associated
companies.




                                                                   SHANGHAI INDUSTRIAL HOLDINGS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022   59
     DIRECTORS’ REPORT




     DIRECTORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVES’ INTERESTS AND SHORT POSITIONS IN SHARES,
     UNDERLYING SHARES AND DEBENTURES
     At 31 December 2022, the interests and short positions of the Directors and chief executives of the Company in the
     shares, underlying shares and debentures of the Company and its associated corporations (within the meaning of
     Part XV of the SFO), as recorded in the register maintained by the Company pursuant to section 352 of the SFO, or as
     otherwise notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to the Model Code, were as follows:

     (I) Interests in shares and underlying shares of the Company

                                                                                                                  Approximate
                                                                                                                   percentage
                                                                                             Number of issued           of the
           Name of Director                Capacity                    Nature of interests       Shares held    issued Shares
           Zhou Jun                        Beneficial owner                      Personal            300,000           0.03%

          Note: All interests stated above represent long positions.


     (II) Interests in shares and underlying shares of associated corporation
          SI Urban Development

                                                                                                                Approximate
                                                                                                   Number of      percentage
                                                                                                 issued SIUD    of the issued
           Name of Director                Capacity                    Nature of interests        Shares held   SIUD Shares
           Zhou Jun                        Beneficial owner                      Personal            360,000           0.01%

          Note: All interests stated above represent long positions.


     Save as disclosed above, none of the Directors, chief executives nor their associates had any interests or short
     positions in any shares, underlying shares or debentures of the Company or any of its associated corporations (within
     the meaning of Part XV of the SFO) as at 31 December 2022.

     EQUITY-LINKED AGREEMENTS
     Details of the equity-linked agreements entered into during the year or subsisting at the end of the year are set out
     below:

     Share options
     Particulars of the share option schemes adopted by the Group are set out in note 36 to the consolidated financial
     statements.

     (I) SIHL Scheme
         The SIHL Scheme shall be valid and effective for a period of 10 years commencing the date of adoption of
         the scheme. The SIHL Scheme was expired on 24 May 2022. During the year, no options were granted or
         outstanding under the SIHL Scheme.

     (II) SI Urban Development Scheme
          The SI Urban Development Scheme shall be valid and effective for a period of 10 years commencing the
          date of adoption of the scheme. During the year, no options were granted or outstanding under the SI Urban
          Development Scheme.

     (III) SIIC Environment Scheme
           The SIIC Environment Scheme shall be valid and effective for a period of 10 years commencing the date of
           adoption of the scheme. The SIIC Environment Scheme was expired on 26 April 2022. During the year, no
           options were granted or outstanding under the SIIC Environment Scheme.




60   SHANGHAI INDUSTRIAL HOLDINGS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                                                                                            DIRECTORS’ REPORT




ARRANGEMENTS TO ACQUIRE SHARES OR DEBENTURES OF THE COMPANY
Save as disclosed under the section “Equity-linked Agreements” above, neither the Company nor a specified
undertaking (within the meaning of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance) of the Company was a party to any other
arrangements to enable the Directors of the Company to acquire benefits by means of the acquisition of shares in,
or debentures of, the Company or any other body corporate at any time during or at the end of the year.

DIRECTORS’ INTERESTS IN TRANSACTIONS, ARRANGEMENTS AND CONTRACTS OF SIGNIFICANCE
No transactions, arrangements and contracts that are significant in relation to the Group’s business, to which the
Company or a specified undertaking (within the meaning of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance) of the Company
was a party and in which a person who at any time in the year was a Director of the Company or his connected
entities had a material interest, whether directly or indirectly, subsisted during or at the end of the year.

SUBSTANTIAL SHAREHOLDERS
As at 31 December 2022, the interests and short positions of the substantial Shareholders and other persons, in the
Shares and underlying Shares as recorded in the register required to be kept under Section 336 of the SFO, were as
follows:

                                                                                                                             Approximate
                                                                                                   Number of                  percentage
                                                                        Nature of               issued Shares                      of the
 Name of shareholder               Capacity                             interests             beneficially held            issued Shares
 SIIC                              Interests held by                    Corporate                 685,410,748                     63.04%
                                      controlled corporations                                    (Notes 1 and 2)

Notes:

1.   SIIC through its subsidiaries, namely Shanghai Investment Holdings Limited, SIIC Capital (B.V.I.) Limited, Shanghai Industrial Financial
     Holdings (Hong Kong) Company Limited, SIIC Trading Company Limited and SIIC CM Development Limited held 519,409,748 Shares,
     80,000,000 Shares, 52,908,000 Shares, 33,083,000 Shares and 10,000 Shares respectively, and was accordingly deemed to be interested in
     the respective Shares held by the aforementioned companies.

2.   All interests stated above represent long positions.


Save as disclosed above, no other persons had any interests or short positions in the Shares or underlying Shares as
recorded in the register required to be kept under Section 336 of the SFO as at 31 December 2022.

CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS
The following connected transactions and continuing connected transactions (other than those exempt from
reporting, announcement and independent Shareholders approval requirements under Chapter 14A of the Listing
Rules) were entered into between the Group and its connected persons and/or were subsisting during the year
ended 31 December 2022:

1. Provision of assets management services by Shanghai Galaxy
     On 19 August 2021,上海滬寧高速公路（上海段）發展有限公司(“Hu-Ning Expressway”),上海路橋發展有限公
     司(“Luqiao Development”),上海申渝公路建設發展有限公司(“Shanghai Shen-Yu”) and永發印務（東莞）有限公
     司(“WF Dongguan”) (together the “Relevant Companies” and each the “Relevant Company”), entered into an
     asset management entrustment agreement (together the “2021 Entrustment Agreements”), respectively, with
     Shanghai Galaxy to renew the previous entrustment arrangement for engaging Shanghai Galaxy to manage
     its assets for a further term of three years from the date when Shanghai Galaxy served a written notice to the
     Relevant Companies requesting for the provision of the initial entrustment fund under the respective 2021
     Entrustment Agreements (the “Commencement Date”) to the date immediately prior to the third anniversary of
     the Commencement Date (the “Expiry Date”).




                                                                               SHANGHAI INDUSTRIAL HOLDINGS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022          61
     DIRECTORS’ REPORT




          Each Relevant Company should provide at least RMB10,000,000 as the initial entrustment fund. The total
          maximum amount of the entrustment fund to be provided by all the Relevant Companies should be no more
          than RMB500,000,000, provided that: (i) the maximum amount of entrustment fund from each of Hu-Ning
          Expressway, Luqiao Development and Shanghai Shen-Yu should not exceed RMB500,000,000; and (ii) the
          maximum amount of entrustment fund from WF Dongguan should not exceed RMB200,000,000.

          Shanghai Galaxy should pay guaranteed returns calculated on a daily basis at the rate of 5% per annum on
          the accumulated principal of the entrustment funds. The annual caps for the aggregate amount of guaranteed
          returns payable to the Relevant Companies by Shanghai Galaxy under the 2021 Entrustment Agreements would
          be RMB9,247,000 for the period from the Commencement Date to 31 December 2021, RMB25,000,000 for
          the financial year ended 31 December 2022, RMB25,000,000 for the financial year ended 31 December 2023
          and RMB25,000,000 for the period from 1 January 2024 to the Expiry Date.

          If there was any revenue surplus after making the above distribution and deducting all taxes and expenses,
          such sum shall be divided between Shanghai Galaxy and the Relevant Companies on a 50:50 basis. 50% of
          the revenue surplus should be distributed among the Relevant Companies based on the amount of entrustment
          funds entrusted and the duration of entrustment. The annual caps for the aggregate amount of revenue surplus
          payable to the Relevant Companies or Shanghai Galaxy under the 2021 Entrustment Agreements would be
          RMB9,247,000 for the period from the Commencement Date to 31 December 2021, RMB25,000,000 for the
          financial year ended 31 December 2022, RMB25,000,000 for the financial year ended 31 December 2023
          and RMB25,000,000 for the period from 1 January 2024 to the Expiry Date.

          As SIIC, the controlling Shareholder, through its wholly-owned subsidiary, held 10% of the registered capital of
          Shanghai Galaxy and exercised the authority as a state-owned shareholder of上海上實（集團）有限公司 (“SIIC
          Shanghai”), which in turn was a state-owned enterprise holding 45% of the registered capital of Shanghai
          Galaxy, Shanghai Galaxy was an associate of SIIC and a connected person of the Company.

     2. Shareholder’s loan facility provided by Hu-Ning Expressway to Shanghai Galaxy
          Reference was made to a shareholder’s loan facility in an aggregate principal amount of up to
          RMB500,000,000 made available by Hu-Ning Expressway to Shanghai Galaxy for a term of three years from
          21 January 2016 to 20 January 2019. As the above shareholder’s loan facility expired on 20 January 2019,
          Hu-Ning Expressway agreed to extend such facility on substantially the same terms for a further term of three
          years from 21 January 2019 to 20 January 2022 (the “Shareholder’s Loan Facility”). The Board approved the
          Shareholder’s Loan Facility on 29 August 2018.

          Under the Shareholder’s Loan Facility, Hu-Ning Expressway shall upon request provide term loan(s) to
          Shanghai Galaxy during the term of the Shareholder’s Loan Facility, and the relevant loan amount shall be
          determined on a case-by-case basis based on the purpose of use, with the maximum amount representing the
          unutilised portion of the Shareholder’s Loan Facility. The duration of each term loan would be negotiated on a
          case-by-case basis. Each term loan would expire by the end of the three-year period from 21 January 2019, i.e.
          20 January 2022.

          Interest under the Shareholder’s Loan Facility shall be the benchmark interest rate of RMB denominated loans
          for the same period as announced by the People’s Bank of China, subject to the negotiation and agreement
          between the parties at the time of each drawdown. Amounts advanced under a loan shall be repaid at maturity.
          Shanghai Galaxy might repay the principal amount prior to the maturity date of the loan. Interest shall be repaid
          on a semi-annual basis.

          In respect of each term loan under the Shareholder’s Loan Facility, individual loan agreement(s) would be
          entered into between Hu-Ning Expressway and Shanghai Galaxy setting out the interest rate as agreed, the loan
          amount and the repayment term before the drawdown.

          The annual caps of the Shareholder’s Loan Facility for each of the financial years ended 31 December 2019,
          2020, 2021 and 2022 were RMB522,760,417, RMB524,145,834, RMB524,079,862 and RMB501,319,445
          respectively, being the possible maximum loan amount that could be granted under the Shareholder’s Loan
          Facility plus the maximum interest income generated in the respective year. Shanghai Galaxy would be
          responsible for any profit tax payable by Hu-Ning Expressway in relation to its interest income.




62   SHANGHAI INDUSTRIAL HOLDINGS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                                                                        DIRECTORS’ REPORT




   As the Shareholder’s Loan Facility expired on 20 January 2022, Hu-Ning Expressway agreed to extend
   the Shareholder’s Loan Facility available to Shanghai Galaxy in an aggregate principal amount of up to
   RMB500,000,000 on substantially the same terms for a further term of three years from 21 January 2022 to
   20 January 2025 (the “Renewed Shareholder’s Loan Facility”). The Board approved the Renewed Shareholder’s
   Loan Facility on 8 November 2021.

   Under the Renewed Shareholder’s Loan Facility, Hu-Ning Expressway should upon request provide term
   loan(s) to Shanghai Galaxy during the said term of the Renewed Shareholder’s Loan Facility, and the relevant
   loan amount should be determined on a case-by-case basis based on the purpose of use, with the maximum
   amount representing the unutilised portion of the Renewed Shareholder’s Loan Facility. The duration of each
   term loan will be negotiated on a case-by-case basis. Each term loan will expire by the end of the three-year
   period from 21 January 2022, i.e. 20 January 2025.

   Interest under Renewed Shareholder’s Loan Facility should be the benchmark interest rate of RMB
   denominated loans for the same period as announced by the People’s Bank of China (as at the close of trading
   of 8 November 2021, which was 4.65% for loan of a 5-year period), subject to the negotiation and agreement
   between the parties at the time of each drawdown. Amounts advanced under a loan should be repaid at
   maturity. Shanghai Galaxy might repay the principal amount prior to the maturity date of the loan. Interest
   should be repaid on a semi-annual basis.

   The annual cap of the Renewed Shareholder’s Loan Facility for each of the financial years ending 31 December
   2022, 31 December 2023, 31 December 2024 and 31 December 2025 was RMB500,000,000, which was
   determined based on the possible maximum loan amount that could be granted under the the Renewed
   Shareholder’s Loan Facility.

   In respect of each term loan, individual loan agreement(s) would be entered into between Hu-Ning Expressway
   and Shanghai Galaxy setting out the interest rate as agreed, the loan amount and the repayment term before
   the drawdown.

   Hu-Ning Expressway, SIIC (through its wholly-owned subsidiary) and SIIC Shanghai held 45%, 10% and
   45% of the registered capital of Shanghai Galaxy, respectively. As mentioned above, Shanghai Galaxy was an
   associate of SIIC and a connected person of the Company.

3. Tenancy agreements – Tuen Mun Lease Agreement and Harcourt Tenancy Agreement
   On 22 December 2021, Nanyang Tobacco (an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company) and the
   Company, as tenants, entered into the lease agreements (i.e. the lease agreement relating to a 16-storey
   property situated at No. 9 Tsing Yeung Circuit, Tuen Mun, New Territories, Hong Kong (the “Tuen Mun Lease
   Agreement”), and the tenancy agreement relating to a property situated at the whole of 26th Floor and a
   portion of 27th Floor of Harcourt House, 39 Gloucester Road, Wanchai, Hong Kong (the “Harcourt Tenancy
   Agreement”)) with Nanyang Enterprises Properties Limited (“Nanyang Enterprises”) and International Hope
   Limited (“International Hope”) respectively, as landlords, with a term commencing from 1 January 2022 to 31
   December 2022 (both days inclusive) to renew the previous lease agreements, both of which expired by 31
   December 2021, for the operation of the Group.

   The monthly rentals (exclusive of rates, management fee and other outgoings) under the Tuen Mun Lease
   Agreement and the Harcourt Tenancy Agreement were HK$2,750,000 and HK$937,400 respectively. The
   annual caps, which represented the sum of (a) the rental payable by Nanyang Tobacco to Nanyang Enterprises
   under the Tuen Mun Lease Agreement for the period from 1 January 2022 to 31 December 2022 in the
   amount of HK$33,000,000, and (b) the rental payable by the Company to International Hope under the
   Harcourt Tenancy Agreement for the period from 1 January 2022 to 31 December 2022 in the amount of
   HK$11,248,800, were HK$44,248,800.

   As Nanyang Enterprises and International Hope were wholly-owned subsidiaries of SIIC, they were associates
   of SIIC and connected persons of the Company.




                                                              SHANGHAI INDUSTRIAL HOLDINGS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022   63
     DIRECTORS’ REPORT




     4. Supply of printed packaging materials for pharmaceutical products by Wing Fat Group
          On 29 October 2021, Wing Fat Printing, an indirect non-wholly owned subsidiary of the Company, entered
          into a procurement framework agreement (the “PF Agreement I”) with Shanghai Pharmaceuticals Holding for
          a term of one year commencing from 1 January 2022 and ending on 31 December 2022. Pursuant to the PF
          Agreement I, any members of the Wing Fat Group (i.e. Wing Fat Printing and its subsidiaries from time to time)
          might enter into an individual procurement agreement(s) (the “Individual Agreement(s)”) with any members of
          the SPH Group (i.e. Shanghai Pharmaceuticals Holding and its subsidiaries from time to time) to supply printed
          packaging materials for pharmaceutical products, subject to the annual cap of the procurement amount.

          The procurement amount chargeable by the Wing Fat Group for the supply of printed packaging materials for
          pharmaceutical products shall be determined after arm’s length negotiations between the parties with reference
          to various factors for each Individual Agreement, including (among others) the prevailing market price, type
          and quantity of printed packaging materials, specifications, complexity of tasks involved and delivery date, to
          ensure that the amount is in line with the market price. The specific payment arrangement shall be set out in
          the Individual Agreements.

          The annual cap for the total procurement amount payable by the SPH Group to the Wing Fat Group with
          respect to the transactions contemplated under the PF Agreement I for the financial year ending 31 December
          2022 was RMB80,000,000.

          As Shanghai Pharmaceuticals Holding was a subsidiary of SIIC, it was an associate of SIIC and a connected
          person of the Company.

     5. Provision and supply of equipment and services by SIIC Longchuang to Shanghai Pharmaceuticals
        Holding
          On 31 August 2022, SIIC Longchuang, a non-wholly owned subsidiary of the Company, entered into a
          procurement framework agreement (the “PF Agreement II”) with Shanghai Pharmaceuticals Holding for a term
          of one year commencing from 1 January 2022 and ending on 31 December 2022.

          Pursuant to the PF Agreement II, any members of the SIIC Longchuang Group (i.e. SIIC Longchuang and
          its subsidiaries from time to time) might enter into an individual procurement agreement(s) (the “Individual
          Agreements”) with any members of the SPH Group to provide and supply (i) internet systems, (ii) technical
          support services, (iii) information management system, cloud and network equipment, video conferencing and
          sound systems, intelligent integrated system, smart office system and relevant hardware and equipment and
          maintenance services, (iv) energy-saving consulting service, air-conditioning systems, lighting systems and
          environmental quality monitoring system; (v) safety helmets; (vi) smart glasses system and after-sales services,
          and/or (vii) building and office maintenance services and relevant hardware and office equipment to members
          of the SPH Group, subject to the annual cap of the procurement amount.

          The procurement amount chargeable by the SIIC Longchuang Group for the provision and supply of the
          equipment and services contemplated under the PF Agreement II should be determined after arm’s length
          negotiations between the parties with reference to various factors for each Individual Agreement, including
          (among others) (i) reasonable costs and expenses incurred/to be incurred for the provision of service and
          products provided by the SIIC Longchuang Group; (ii) type, specifications and quantity of services and
          products under the Individual Agreements; (iii) complexity of the services; and (iv) delivery date of the services
          and products, to ensure that the amount is in line with the market price. The specific payment arrangement
          shall be set out in the Individual Agreements.

          The annual cap for the total procurement amount payable by the SPH Group to the SIIC Longchuang Group
          with respect to the transactions contemplated under the PF Agreement II for the financial year ending 31
          December 2022 was RMB35,000,000.

          As mentioned above, Shanghai Pharmaceuticals Holding was an associate of SIIC and a connected person of
          the Company.




64   SHANGHAI INDUSTRIAL HOLDINGS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                                                                           DIRECTORS’ REPORT




6. Acquisition of 40% Equity Interest in SI Clean Energy
    On 21 June 2022, Shanghai Jiyun, a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, entered into an equity transfer
    agreement with上海上投資產經營有限公司 (“Shangtou Asset”) for the acquisition of 40% equity interest in the
    SI Clean Energy. Pursuant to the Agreement, Shanghai Jiyun agreed to acquire, and Shangtou Asset agreed to
    sell, 40% equity interest in the SI Clean Energy at the cash consideration of RMB224,557,800 (the “Acquisition
    I”).

    Immediately before completion of the agreement, the SI Clean Energy was owned as to 40% by Shanghai
    Jiyun, 40% by Shangtou Asset and 20% by Shanghai Galaxy, respectively. Upon completion of the Acquisition
    I, Shanghai Jiyun would own 80% of the equity interest in the SI Clean Energy and the SI Clean Energy would
    become an indirect subsidiary of the Company.

    Shangtou Asset is a subsidiary of SIIC Shanghai, which was in turn a subsidiary of SIIC by virtue of SIIC being
    the representative authorised to exercise state-owned shareholder’s right over SIIC Shanghai. Therefore,
    Shangtou Asset was an associate of SIIC and a connected person of the Company.

7. Acquisition of Target Company holding 28.5% Equity Interest in Xi’an Chanba
    On 30 November 2022, Honest State Limited (the “Purchaser”) (an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of SI
    Urban Development, which was in turn an indirect non-wholly owned subsidiary of the Company) entered into
    a share transfer agreement (the “Share Transfer Agreement”) with Renowned Support Holdings Limited (the
    “Vendor”), among others, pursuant to which the Purchaser conditionally agreed to purchase and the Vendor
    conditionally agreed to sell the entire issued share capital of Leap Charm Limited (the “Target Company”) (the
    “Sale Shares”) at the consideration of RMB696,000,000 (the “Acquisition II”).

    The principal asset of the Target Group (i.e. the Target Company and its subsidiaries) was 28.5% equity
    interest in Xi’an Chanba. Xi’an Chanba and its subsidiaries were the project companies established to hold and
    develop the Originally project located in Xi’an, the PRC. Immediately before completion of the Acquisition II,
    Xi’an Chanba was an indirect non-wholly owned subsidiary of the Company and was held as to 71.5% by the
    SIUD Group (i.e. SI Urban Development and its subsidiaries) and 28.5% by the Target Group (i.e. the Target
    Company and its subsidiaries). Upon completion of the Acquisition II, the Target Group and Xi’an Chanba
    would become indirect wholly-owned subsidiaries of SI Urban Development and indirect subsidiaries of the
    Company.

    As the Vendor was a connected person of the Company at the subsidiary level by virtue of being the indirect
    holding company of Shanghai Saiyin Management Co., Ltd., which was a substantial shareholder of the Xi’an
    Chanba.

Pursuant to Rule 14A.56 of the Listing Rules, the Directors engaged the auditor of the Company to report on
the continuing connected transactions of the Group in accordance with Hong Kong Standard on Assurance
Engagements 3000 “Assurance Engagements Other Than Audits or Reviews of Historical Financial Information”
and with reference to Practice Note 740 “Auditor’s Letter on Continuing Connected Transactions under the Hong
Kong Listing Rules” issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants. The auditor has issued
his unqualified letter containing his findings and conclusions to the Board in respect of the continuing connected
transactions in accordance with Rule 14A.56 of the Listing Rules.




                                                                 SHANGHAI INDUSTRIAL HOLDINGS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022   65
     DIRECTORS’ REPORT




     The auditor’s letter has confirmed that nothing has come to their attention that has caused them to believe that the
     continuing connected transactions:

     (i)   have not been approved by the Board;

     (ii) for the transactions involving the provision of goods or services by the Group, were not, in all material respects,
          in accordance with the pricing policies of the Group;

     (iii) were not entered into, in all material respects, in accordance with the relevant agreements governing the
           continuing connected transactions; and

     (iv) with respect to each of the aforesaid continuing connected transactions, have exceeded their respective annual
          caps set by the Company.

     In respect of the continuing connected transactions, the Company has followed the policies and guidelines as laid
     down in the guidance letter HKEX-GL73-14 issued by the Stock Exchange when determining the price and terms of
     the transactions conducted during the financial year ended 31 December 2022.

     The Independent Non-Executive Directors have reviewed the continuing connected transactions and the report of
     the auditor and have confirmed that the transactions have been entered into by the Company in the ordinary and
     usual course of its business, on normal commercial terms, and in accordance with the terms of the agreements
     governing such transactions that are fair and reasonable and in the interests of the shareholders of the Company as
     a whole.

     RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS
     The Company confirms that it has complied with all the requirements under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules in
     respect of the transactions disclosed in the section headed “Connected Transactions” of the Directors’ Report in
     this report, which were also classified as related party transactions of the Group and set out in paragraph (I) of note
     47 to the consolidated financial statements in this report. Details of such related party transactions for the year are
     set out in paragraph (I) of note 47 to the consolidated financial statements. During the year ended 31 December
     2022, the Group also entered into other related party transactions which did not constitute connected transactions
     and are not subject to reporting, announcement, circular or independent shareholders’ approval requirements
     under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules, particulars of which are set out in paragraphs (II) and (III) of note 47 to the
     consolidated financial statements in this report.

     MAJOR CUSTOMERS AND SUPPLIERS
     During the year, both the aggregate revenue from sales attributable to the Group’s five largest customers and the
     aggregate purchases attributable to the Group’s five largest suppliers were less than 30% of the Group’s total sales
     and purchases respectively.

     PURCHASE, SALE OR REDEMPTION OF THE COMPANY’S LISTED SECURITIES
     During the year ended 31 December 2022, SI Urban Development, a subsidiary of the Company, bought back
     a total of 13,646,000 SIUD Shares on the Stock Exchange for a total consideration of HK$7,503,060, of which,
     12,646,000 shares were cancelled on 30 December 2022, and the remaining 1,000,000 shares were cancelled on
     27 February 2023.

     Save as disclosed above, during the year ended 31 December 2022, neither the Company nor any of its
     subsidiaries purchased, sold or redeemed any of its listed securities.

     DONATIONS
     During the year, the Group made charitable and other donations amounting to HK$1,758,000.




66   SHANGHAI INDUSTRIAL HOLDINGS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                                                                            DIRECTORS’ REPORT




RETIREMENT BENEFITS SCHEMES
Details of the Group’s retirement benefits schemes are set out in note 46 to the consolidated financial statements.

SUFFICIENCY OF PUBLIC FLOAT
As at the date of this Annual Report, based on publicly available information and within the knowledge of the
Directors of the Company, 36.96% of the issued share capital of the Company is held by the public.

The Company has maintained a sufficient public float throughout the year ended 31 December 2022.

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
The corporate governance principles and practices adopted by the Company are set out in the Corporate
Governance Report on pages 39 to 52 of this Annual Report.

AUDITOR
A resolution will be submitted to the forthcoming annual general meeting of the Company to re-appoint Messrs.
Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu as auditor of the Company.

On behalf of the Board




Shen Xiao Chu
Chairman

Hong Kong, 30 March 2023




                                                                  SHANGHAI INDUSTRIAL HOLDINGS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022   67
     INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT




     TO THE MEMBERS OF SHANGHAI INDUSTRIAL HOLDINGS LIMITED
     上海實業控股有限公司
     (incorporated in Hong Kong with limited liability)

     OPINION
     We have audited the consolidated financial statements of Shanghai Industrial Holdings Limited (the “Company”)
     and its subsidiaries (collectively referred to as the “Group”) set out on pages 73 to 195, which comprise the
     consolidated statement of financial position as at 31 December 2022, and the consolidated statement of profit or
     loss, consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income, consolidated statement of changes
     in equity and consolidated statement of cash flows for the year then ended, and notes to the consolidated financial
     statements, including a summary of significant accounting policies.

     In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements give a true and fair view of the consolidated financial position
     of the Group as at 31 December 2022, and of its consolidated financial performance and its consolidated cash
     flows for the year then ended in accordance with Hong Kong Financial Reporting Standards (“HKFRSs”) issued
     by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants (the “HKICPA”) and have been properly prepared in
     compliance with the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance.

     BASIS FOR OPINION
     We conducted our audit in accordance with Hong Kong Standards on Auditing (“HKSAs”) issued by the HKICPA.
     Our responsibilities under those standards are further described in the Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of
     the Consolidated Financial Statements section of our report. We are independent of the Group in accordance with
     the HKICPA’s Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants (the “Code”), and we have fulfilled our other ethical
     responsibilities in accordance with the Code. We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and
     appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.

     KEY AUDIT MATTERS
     Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgment, were of most significance in our audit of the
     consolidated financial statements of the current reporting period. These matters were addressed in the context of
     our audit of the consolidated financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not
     provide a separate opinion on these matters.




68   SHANGHAI INDUSTRIAL HOLDINGS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                                                     INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT




KEY AUDIT MATTERS (continued)

Key audit matter                                           How our audit addressed the key audit matter
Valuation of investment properties
We identified the valuation of investment properties       Our procedures in relation to the valuation of the
as a key audit matter due to its significance to the       investment properties included:
consolidated financial statements as a whole and the
significant judgment and estimation associated with        •   Evaluating the competence, capabilities and
                                                               objectivity of the Valuer;
determining the fair values of investment properties.
                                                           •   Obtaining an understanding from the Valuer and
As disclosed in note 14 to the consolidated financial          the management of the Group on the valuation
statements, the fair values of the Group’s investment          process to understand significant assumptions
properties amounted to HK$29,798,401,000 as at 31              adopted and inputs used in the valuation;
December 2022 with a net increase in fair value of
investment properties of HK$10,196,000 recognised          •   Evaluating the appropriateness of the valuation
in the consolidated statement of profit or loss and            methodologies by matching the nature of the
other comprehensive income for the year then ended             properties and the availability of comparable
under the line item “other income, gains and losses”.          market transactions and information against the
                                                               valuation methodologies applied; and
The fair values of the Group’s investment properties
                                                           •   Assessing the reasonableness of key inputs used
as at 31 December 2022 have been arrived at on
                                                               by the Valuer in the valuation models by referring,
the basis of valuations carried out by an independent          on a sample basis, to the comparable market
qualified professional valuer (the “Valuer”). Details of       transactions and other market data.
the valuation techniques and significant unobservable
inputs used in the valuations are disclosed in note
14 to the consolidated financial statements. The
fair values are dependent on certain key inputs
that involve judgment and estimation made by the
management of the Group together with the Valuer,
including, among other factors, reversionary yield
derived from market rent and the transaction price
of comparable properties in the same location and
market price of comparable properties in the similar
locations.




                                                               SHANGHAI INDUSTRIAL HOLDINGS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022   69
     INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT




     KEY AUDIT MATTERS (continued)

     Key audit matter                                          How our audit addressed the key audit matter
     Assessment of the net realisable value (“NRV”) of
     properties held-for-sale (“PHFS”)
     We identified assessment of the NRV of the Group’s        Our procedures in relation to the assessment of the
     PHFS with impairment indicators (the “Concerned           NRV of the Concerned PHFS included:
     PHFS”) as a key audit matter due to the significant
     judgment and estimation associated.                       •   Understanding and evaluating the
                                                                   appropriateness of the process adopted by
                                                                   the management of the Group in identifying
     As disclosed in note 26 to the consolidated
                                                                   properties with impairment indicators from the
     financial statements, the Group has PHFS of                   Group’s PHFS portfolio (i.e. the Concerned
     HK$15,477,645,000 as at 31 December 2022, of                  PHFS);
     which an amount of HK$1,735,264,000 is referring to
     as the Concerned PHFS. The reversal of impairment         •   Assessing the competence, capabilities and
     loss in respect of the Concerned PHFS amounting to            objectivity of the Valuers;
     HK$225,000 has been recognised in the consolidated
     statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive       •   Discussing with the Valuers on the valuation
     income for the year.                                          process to understand the performance of
                                                                   property markets, significant assumptions
                                                                   adopted and inputs used in the valuation;
     The management of the Group determined whether
     PHFS are with impairment indicators by reference to
                                                               •   Evaluating the appropriateness of the valuation
     the cities and locations where the PHFS are located,          methodologies adopted in the valuation models;
     the pre-sale status and other relevant market factors.        and
     The management of the Group assessed the NRV
     of the Concerned PHFS as at 31 December 2022              •   Assessing the reasonableness of the key inputs
     by reference to the valuation reports prepared by             used by the valuers in the valuation models by
     independent qualified professional valuers (the               referring, on a sample basis, to the available
     “Valuers”). The valuations are dependent on certain           market information such as transaction prices of
     key inputs that involve judgment and estimation made          comparable properties and the factors supporting
     by the management of the Group together with the              the adjustments made.
     Valuers including, among other factors, transaction
     price of comparable properties in the similar or
     same locations and adjustments made according to
     nature of each property and its specific location and
     conditions.




70   SHANGHAI INDUSTRIAL HOLDINGS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                                                         INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT




OTHER INFORMATION
The directors of the Company are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises the
information included in the annual report, but does not include the consolidated financial statements and our
auditor’s report thereon.

Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not express
any form of assurance conclusion thereon.

In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other
information and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the consolidated
financial statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be materially misstated. If,
based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other information,
we are required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.

RESPONSIBILITIES OF DIRECTORS AND THOSE CHARGED WITH GOVERNANCE FOR THE
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
The directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements that give
a true and fair view in accordance with HKFRSs issued by the HKICPA and the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance,
and for such internal control as the directors determine is necessary to enable the preparation of consolidated
financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.

In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the directors are responsible for assessing the Group’s ability
to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going
concern basis of accounting unless the directors either intend to liquidate the Group or to cease operations, or have
no realistic alternative but to do so.

Those charged with governance are responsible for overseeing the Group’s financial reporting process.

AUDITOR’S RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements as a whole
are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that includes our
opinion solely to you, as a body, in accordance with section 405 of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance, and for
no other purpose. We do not assume responsibility towards or accept liability to any other person for the contents
of this report. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted
in accordance with HKSAs will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from
fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to
influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these consolidated financial statements.

As part of an audit in accordance with HKSAs, we exercise professional judgment and maintain professional
skepticism throughout the audit. We also:

•   Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to
    fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is
    sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement
    resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery,
    intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.

•   Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are
    appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the
    Group’s internal control.




                                                                  SHANGHAI INDUSTRIAL HOLDINGS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022   71
     INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT




     AUDITOR’S RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     (continued)
     •    Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and
          related disclosures made by the directors.

     •    Conclude on the appropriateness of the directors’ use of the going concern basis of accounting and, based
          on the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that may
          cast significant doubt on the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a material
          uncertainty exists, we are required to draw attention in our auditor’s report to the related disclosures in the
          consolidated financial statements or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions
          are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our auditor’s report. However, future events or
          conditions may cause the Group to cease to continue as a going concern.

     •    Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the consolidated financial statements, including
          the disclosures, and whether the consolidated financial statements represent the underlying transactions and
          events in a manner that achieves fair presentation.

     •    Obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of the entities or business
          activities within the Group to express an opinion on the consolidated financial statements. We are responsible
          for the direction, supervision and performance of the group audit. We remain solely responsible for our audit
          opinion.

     We communicate with those charged with governance regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and
     timing of the audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we
     identify during our audit.

     We also provide those charged with governance with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical
     requirements regarding independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may
     reasonably be thought to bear on our independence, and where applicable, actions taken to eliminate threats or
     safeguards applied.

     From the matters communicated with those charged with governance, we determine those matters that were of
     most significance in the audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period and are therefore the
     key audit matters. We describe these matters in our auditor’s report unless law or regulation precludes public
     disclosure about the matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be
     communicated in our report because the adverse consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected to
     outweigh the public interest benefits of such communication.

     The engagement partner on the audit resulting in the independent auditor’s report is Leung Po Shan.




     Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu
     Certified Public Accountants
     Hong Kong
     30 March 2023




72   SHANGHAI INDUSTRIAL HOLDINGS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                          CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR LOSS
                                                                                   For the year ended 31 December 2022




                                                                                          2022                2021
                                                                     NOTES              HK$’000             HK$’000
 Revenue                                                                5           31,348,592           38,747,951
 Cost of sales                                                                     (22,317,753)         (23,878,335)
 Gross profit                                                                         9,030,839          14,869,616
 Net investment income                                                  6               358,957             372,905
 Other income, gains and losses                                                         761,407          (1,768,684)
 Selling and distribution costs                                                      (1,029,972)         (1,183,111)
 Administrative and other expenses                                                   (1,933,297)         (1,905,940)
 Finance costs                                                          7            (1,866,806)         (1,681,765)
 Share of results of joint ventures                                                     299,318             243,759
 Share of results of associates                                                         132,573             442,051
 Net (loss) gain on liquidation/disposal of
   subsidiaries/interest in an associate                                8              (241,941)          1,357,183
 Profit before taxation                                                               5,511,078          10,746,014
 Income tax expense                                                     9            (2,181,308)         (6,633,048)
 Profit for the year                                                   10             3,329,770           4,112,966
 Profit for the year attributable to
   – Owners of the Company                                                            2,313,924           3,745,505
   – Non-controlling interests                                                        1,015,846             367,461
                                                                                      3,329,770           4,112,966
                                                                                             HK$                 HK$
 Earnings per share                                                    13
   – Basic                                                                                 2.128               3.429
   – Diluted                                                                               2.128               3.429

The notes on pages 83 to 195 are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.




                                                                 SHANGHAI INDUSTRIAL HOLDINGS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022   73
     CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR LOSS AND
     OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
     For the year ended 31 December 2022




                                                                                              2022          2021
                                                                                            HK$’000       HK$’000
       Profit for the year                                                                3,329,770      4,112,966
      Other comprehensive (expense) income
      Items that may be subsequently reclassified to profit or loss
      Exchange differences arising on translation of foreign operations
         – subsidiaries                                                                  (4,478,917)     1,776,886
         – joint ventures                                                                  (880,043)       552,446
         – associates                                                                      (485,228)        82,131
      Reclassification adjustment for realisation of revaluation
         reserves upon disposal of the related properties                                   (27,659)        (5,205)
      Reclassification adjustment upon disposal of an associate
         classified as held-for-sale                                                                 –      (9,429)

      Items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss
      Fair value change on equity instruments at fair value through
         other comprehensive income held by subsidiaries, net of tax                        (22,294)      (288,506)
       Other comprehensive (expense) income for the year                                 (5,894,141)     2,108,323
       Total comprehensive (expense) income for the year                                 (2,564,371)     6,221,289
       Total comprehensive (expense) income for the year attributable to
         – Owners of the Company                                                           (896,709)     4,956,286
         – Non-controlling interests                                                     (1,667,662)     1,265,003
                                                                                         (2,564,371)     6,221,289

     The notes on pages 83 to 195 are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.




74   SHANGHAI INDUSTRIAL HOLDINGS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022
               CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION
                                                                                         At 31 December 2022




                                                                                2022                2021
                                                          NOTES               HK$’000             HK$’000
Non-Current Assets
  Investment properties                                      14           29,798,401           28,985,301
  Property, plant and equipment                              15            5,488,970            5,764,711
  Right-of-use assets                                        16              640,693              698,853
  Toll road operating rights                                 17            5,554,329            6,599,286
  Goodwill                                                   18              547,196              590,588
  Other intangible assets                                    19            8,078,995            8,603,724
  Interests in joint ventures                                20           11,564,005            6,078,908
  Interests in associates                                    21            7,479,568            8,257,908
  Investments                                                22              387,502              456,697
  Receivables under service concession arrangements          23           25,974,842           25,925,594
  Deposits paid on acquisition of non-current assets         24            4,677,435            7,960,018
  Deferred tax assets                                        25              155,184              136,391
                                                                         100,347,120         100,057,979
Current Assets
  Inventories                                                26           40,666,892           53,441,173
  Trade and other receivables                                27           11,471,641           12,280,029
  Contract assets                                            28               87,882              116,869
  Investments                                                22              275,739              414,889
  Receivables under service concession arrangements          23              840,367              848,548
  Prepaid taxation                                                           932,579            1,014,476
  Pledged bank deposits                                      29              228,583              709,526
  Short-term bank deposits                                   29            1,786,601              668,643
  Cash and cash equivalents                                  29           28,870,193           38,149,742
                                                                          85,160,477         107,643,895
Assets classified as held for sale                           39            8,426,155               8,661
                                                                          93,586,632         107,652,556




                                                       SHANGHAI INDUSTRIAL HOLDINGS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022   75
     CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION
     At 31 December 2022




                                                                                              2022               2021
                                                                          NOTES             HK$’000            HK$’000
       Current Liabilities
         Trade and other payables                                           30          19,495,221           22,185,904
         Lease liabilities                                                  34              85,724              100,582
         Contract liabilities                                               31          15,568,956           20,618,731
         Deferred income                                                    32             446,198              446,581
         Taxation payable                                                                3,589,367            6,641,699
         Bank and other borrowings                                          33          17,902,765           23,637,611
                                                                                        57,088,231           73,631,108
       Liabilities associated with assets classified as held for sale       39           8,307,647                  113
                                                                                        65,395,878           73,631,221
       Net Current Assets                                                               28,190,754           34,021,335
       Total Assets less Current Liabilities                                           128,537,874       134,079,314
       Capital and Reserves
         Share capital                                                      35          13,649,839           13,649,839
         Reserves                                                                       31,874,182           33,789,615
       Equity attributable to owners of the Company                                     45,524,021           47,439,454
       Non-controlling interests                                                        31,269,890           33,918,247
       Total Equity                                                                     76,793,911           81,357,701
       Non-Current Liabilities
         Provision for major overhauls                                      23              80,484               89,298
         Deferred income                                                    32           2,785,847            3,368,970
         Bank and other borrowings                                          33          40,828,228           40,619,524
         Deferred tax liabilities                                           25           7,924,365            8,495,150
         Lease liabilities                                                  34             125,039              148,671
                                                                                        51,743,963           52,721,613
       Total Equity and Non-Current Liabilities                                        128,537,874       134,079,314

     The notes on pages 83 to 195 are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.

     The consolidated financial statements on pages 73 to 195 were approved and authorised for issue by the board of
     directors on 30 March 2023 and are signed on its behalf by:




                               Zhou Jun                                                Xu Bo
                        Chief Executive Officer                             Deputy Chief Executive Officer




76   SHANGHAI INDUSTRIAL HOLDINGS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                    CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY
                                                                                                                                                                         For the year ended 31 December 2022




                                                                                               Attributable to owners of the Company                                                   Attributable to non-controlling interests
                                                                         Other                               Investment                           PRC                                                Share of net
                                                          Share    revaluation       Other       Merger      revaluation     Translation      statutory     Retained                   Perpetual        assets of
                                                         capital       reserve     reserve       reserve        reserves        reserve       reserves        profits     Sub-total        bond      subsidiaries         Sub-total        Total
                                                        HK$’000      HK$’000     HK$’000        HK$’000        HK$’000         HK$’000        HK$’000       HK$’000       HK$’000      HK$’000         HK$’000            HK$’000       HK$’000
                                                                      (Note i)    (Note ii)     (Note iii)                                    (Note iv)                                 (Note v)

At 1 January 2021                                     13,649,839      54,855     (786,597)    (5,912,547)      251,055       1,918,855       2,700,023    31,803,283    43,678,766    1,096,852      37,291,765        38,388,617     82,067,383
Profit for the year                                            –            –            –              –             –                –             –     3,745,505     3,745,505             –         367,461          367,461      4,112,966
Exchange differences arising on translation
  of foreign operations
  – subsidiaries                                               –            –            –              –             –        701,911               –             –      701,911       113,216          961,759        1,074,975      1,776,886
  – joint ventures                                             –            –            –              –             –        552,446               –             –      552,446             –                –                –        552,446
  – associates                                                 –            –            –              –             –         82,131               –             –       82,131             –                –                –         82,131
Fair value change on equity investments
  at fair value through other comprehensive
  income held by subsidiaries, net of tax                      –            –            –              –     (114,583)                –             –             –      (114,583)            –        (173,923)         (173,923)     (288,506)
Reclassification adjustment upon disposal of
  an associate classified as held-for-sale                     –            –            –              –             –          (8,891)             –             –        (8,891)            –             (538)            (538)       (9,429)
Reclassification adjustment for realisation of
  revaluation reserves upon disposal of
  related properties                                           –       (8,157)           –              –         5,924                –             –             –        (2,233)            –           (2,972)          (2,972)       (5,205)
Total comprehensive (expense) income
  for the year                                                 –       (8,157)           –              –     (108,659)      1,327,597               –     3,745,505     4,956,286      113,216        1,151,787        1,265,003      6,221,289
Transfers                                                      –            –            –              –             –                –      409,361       (409,361)            –             –               –                –             –
Acquisition of subsidiaries (note 37)                          –            –            –              –             –                –            –              –             –             –          29,240           29,240        29,240
Capital contribution from non-controlling interests            –            –            –              –             –                –            –              –             –             –         105,333          105,333       105,333
Repurchase of their own shares by a listed
   subsidiary                                                  –            –     22,890                –             –              –               –             –        22,890             –         (55,653)          (55,653)      (32,763)
Dividends recognised as distribution (note 12)                 –            –          –                –             –              –               –    (1,087,212)   (1,087,212)            –               –                 –    (1,087,212)
Dividends paid to non-controlling interests                    –            –          –                –             –              –               –             –             –             –      (2,401,988)       (2,401,988)   (2,401,988)
Repayment of perpetual bond                                    –            –          –                –             –              –               –             –             –    (1,210,068)              –        (1,210,068)   (1,210,068)
Accrual of interest to holder of perpetual bond                –            –          –                –             –              –               –       (17,193)      (17,193)       35,376         (18,183)           17,193             –
Interest paid to holder of perpetual bond                      –            –          –                –             –              –               –             –             –       (35,376)              –           (35,376)      (35,376)
Transfer upon disposal/liquidation of subsidiaries             –            –          –                –             –       (115,342)          5,102        (3,843)     (114,083)            –      (2,184,054)       (2,184,054)   (2,298,137)
At 31 December 2021                                   13,649,839      46,698     (763,707)    (5,912,547)      142,396       3,131,110       3,114,486    34,031,179    47,439,454             –     33,918,247        33,918,247     81,357,701




                                                                                                                                           SHANGHAI INDUSTRIAL HOLDINGS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022                                                  77
     CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY
     For the year ended 31 December 2022




                                                                                                                                                                       Attributable
                                                                                                                                                                            to non-
                                                                                                                                                                        controlling
                                                                                   Attributable to owners of the Company                                                  interests
                                                               Other                              Investment                         PRC                              Share of net
                                                Share    revaluation      Other       Merger     revaluation   Translation      statutory     Retained                   assets of
                                               capital       reserve    reserve      reserve        reserves      reserve       reserves        profits     Sub-total subsidiaries         Total
                                              HK$’000      HK$’000     HK$’000      HK$’000         HK$’000      HK$’000        HK$’000       HK$’000       HK$’000      HK$’000        HK$’000
                                                            (Note i)   (Note ii)    (Note iii)                                  (Note iv)

       At 1 January 2022                    13,649,839      46,698     (763,707) (5,912,547)       142,396     3,131,110       3,114,486 34,031,179 47,439,454 33,918,247 81,357,701
       Profit for the year                           –            –           –             –             –                –           –    2,313,924     2,313,924     1,015,846     3,329,770
       Exchange differences arising
         on translation of foreign
         operations
         – subsidiaries                             –             –           –             –             –    (1,827,341)             –             –    (1,827,341) (2,651,576) (4,478,917)
         – joint ventures                           –             –           –             –             –      (880,043)             –             –      (880,043)          –    (880,043)
         – associates                               –             –           –             –             –      (485,228)             –             –      (485,228)          –    (485,228)
       Fair value change on equity
         investments at fair value
         through other comprehensive
         income held by subsidiaries,
         net of tax                                 –             –           –             –        (6,152)               –           –             –       (6,152)      (16,142)      (22,294)
       Reclassification adjustment
         for realisation of revaluation
         reserves upon disposal of the
         related properties                         –      (11,869)           –             –             –                –           –             –      (11,869)      (15,790)      (27,659)
       Total comprehensive (expense)
         income for the year                         –     (11,869)           –             –        (6,152) (3,192,612)               –    2,313,924      (896,709) (1,667,662) (2,564,371)
       Transfers                                     –            –           –             –             –                –    178,582      (178,582)             –             –             –
       Acquisition of additional interest
         in a non-wholly owned
         subsidiary (note 38)                        –            –     (22,717)            –             –                –           –             –      (22,717)     (635,529)     (658,246)
       Acquisition of a subsidiary
         under common control
         (note 47 (I)(h))                           –             –           –       (9,547)             –       21,054          8,286        19,273        39,066      119,356        158,422
       Capital contribution from
         non-controlling interests                  –             –           –             –             –                –           –             –             –     402,086        402,086
       Repurchase of their own shares
         by a listed subsidiary                     –             –      2,979              –             –                –           –             –        2,979        (3,948)         (969)
       Dividends recognised as
         distribution (note 12)                     –             –           –             –             –                –           –    (1,043,723) (1,043,723)              –    (1,043,723)
       Dividends paid to non-controlling
         interests                                  –             –           –             –             –                –           –             –             –     (894,978)     (894,978)
       Transfer upon liquidation of
         a subsidiary (note 41)                     –             –           –             –             –       12,371               –      (12,371)             –       40,876        40,876
       Transfer upon disposal of
         a subsidiary (note 40)                     –             –           –             –             –                –           –             –             –       (2,887)        (2,887)
       Transfer upon disposal of equity
         investments at fair value
         through other comprehensive
         income                                     –             –           –             –       11,175                 –           –       (5,504)        5,671        (5,671)             –
       At 31 December 2022                  13,649,839      34,829     (783,445) (5,922,094)       147,419        (28,077)     3,301,354 35,124,196 45,524,021 31,269,890 76,793,911




78   SHANGHAI INDUSTRIAL HOLDINGS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                                                   CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY
                                                                                                                 For the year ended 31 December 2022




Notes:

(i)     Other revaluation reserve is comprised of fair value adjustments on acquisition of subsidiaries relating to interests previously held by the
        Company and its subsidiaries (collectively referred to as the “Group”) as associates/joint ventures and fair value adjustments arising upon the
        transfer of property, plant and equipment to investment properties in prior years.

(ii)    The Group accounts for acquisitions of associates, joint ventures or investee companies from its ultimate parent, Shanghai Industrial
        Investment (Holdings) Company Limited (“SIIC”), as equity transactions and any difference between the consideration paid and the fair
        value of the interest acquired is recorded in other reserve. In addition, the Group accounts for changes in the Group’s ownership interests in
        subsidiaries that do not result in the Group losing control over those subsidiaries as equity transactions and any difference between the amount
        by which the non-controlling interests are adjusted and the fair value of the consideration paid or received was recorded in other reserve.

(iii)   Merger reserve represents the difference between the fair value of the consideration paid to SIIC for the acquisition of subsidiaries/businesses
        controlled by SIIC and the share capital of the acquired subsidiaries.

(iv)    The statutory reserves are reserves required by the relevant laws in the People’s Republic of China (the “PRC”) applicable to the Group’s PRC
        subsidiaries, joint ventures and associates.

(v)     On 2 January 2020, Shanghai Industrial Development Co., Ltd. (“SI Development”), a non-wholly owned listed subsidiary of the Group issued
        a 5.5% perpetual bond with par value of RMB1 billion (equivalent to HK$1,096,852,000) to an independent third party (the “Perpetual
        Bondholder”).

        The Perpetual Bondholder is entitled to an interest of 5.5% per annum in the first 1.5 years (the “initial investment period”) after issuance.
        Upon the end of the initial investment period, SI Development can elect to extend repayment of the principal for another year once every year
        indefinitely and the interest rate will be reset with reference to People’s Bank of China Benchmark Lending Rate upon each deferral of interest
        payment and capped at 9%. The interest payments fall due quarterly. Unless SI Development declares dividend to shareholders or reduces
        the registered capital within 12 months before the interest due date, SI Development can elect to defer the payment of all current or deferred
        interests to the next payment date.

        According to the above-mentioned terms, the issued perpetual bond has no maturity date. SI Development has the right to defer interest
        payment and the option for redemption of perpetual bond. SI Development has no obligation to deliver cash or another financial asset to
        another entity, or to exchange financial assets or financial liabilities with another entity under conditions that are potentially unfavourable to the
        issuer, so the perpetual bond is classified as an equity instrument. During the year ended 31 December 2021, the perpetual bond was fully
        repaid by the Group.


The notes on pages 83 to 195 are in integral part of these consolidated financial statements.




                                                                                          SHANGHAI INDUSTRIAL HOLDINGS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022                79
     CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS
     For the year ended 31 December 2022




                                                                                 2022          2021
                                                                               HK$’000       HK$’000
       OPERATING ACTIVITIES
       Profit before taxation                                                5,511,078     10,746,014
       Adjustments for:
         Amortisation of other intangible assets                               403,029       355,356
         Amortisation of toll road operating rights                            533,375       760,504
         Change in fair value of financial assets at fair value
            through profit or loss (“FVTPL”)                                   120,682        100,022
         Depreciation of property, plant and equipment                         498,598        505,414
         Depreciation of right-of-use assets                                    70,815         97,557
         Dividend income from equity investments                                (9,045)       (47,875)
         Finance costs                                                       1,866,806      1,681,765
         Gain on bargain purchase arising from acquisition of a
            subsidiary                                                               –         (7,812)
         Gain on disposal of subsidiaries/interests in an associate             (2,890)    (1,357,183)
         Government compensation of toll road operating rights                (290,445)      (409,446)
         Impairment loss on contract assets                                          –        368,047
         Impairment loss on goodwill                                                 –        265,052
         Impairment loss on other receivables                                   11,831      2,215,205
         Impairment loss on properties under development held for sale          13,806        909,692
         Impairment loss on trade receivables                                   28,972        253,820
         Impairment loss (reversal of impairment loss) on properties
            held for sale                                                       55,448        (30,781)
         Increase in fair value of investment properties                       (10,196)      (877,970)
         Interest income                                                      (469,388)      (423,333)
         Loss on liquidation of a subsidiary                                   244,831              –
         Net gain on disposal/written off of property, plant and equipment      (2,494)      (311,534)
         Provision for major overhauls                                             386            682
         Reversal of impairment loss on property, plant and equipment          (26,400)             –
         Reversal of impairment loss on inventories, other than
            properties                                                          (5,183)       (13,440)
         Share of results of associates                                       (132,573)      (442,051)
         Share of results of joint ventures                                   (299,318)      (243,759)
       Operating cash flows before movements in working capital               8,111,725    14,093,946
       Increase in receivables under service concession arrangements         (2,784,697)   (1,965,517)
       Decrease in financial assets at FVTPL                                     19,513       120,912
       Prepayments for acquisition of parcels of land for residential
          property projects                                                           –    (3,472,790)
       Decrease in inventories                                                1,349,944       525,646
       (Increase) decrease in trade and other receivables                    (4,862,212)    3,627,086
       Decrease (increase) in contract assets                                    20,339       (73,868)
       Increase (decrease) in trade and other payables                        6,925,152    (1,862,840)
       Decrease in contract liabilities                                      (3,522,160)   (1,758,267)
       Increase in deferred income                                                    –     4,148,805
       Decrease in provision for major overhauls                                 (2,157)       (2,430)
       Cash generated from operations                                         5,255,447    13,380,683
       Tax refund                                                                14,141             –
       PRC Land Appreciation Tax (“LAT”) paid                                (2,500,508)   (1,339,867)
       PRC Enterprise Income Tax (“EIT”) paid                                (2,132,044)   (2,453,298)
       Hong Kong Profits Tax paid                                              (110,855)      (28,063)
       NET CASH FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES                                      526,181      9,559,455


80   SHANGHAI INDUSTRIAL HOLDINGS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                                        CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS
                                                                                For the year ended 31 December 2022




                                                                                       2022                2021
                                                                 NOTES               HK$’000             HK$’000
INVESTING ACTIVITIES
Investment in joint ventures                                                      (3,048,444)            (322,043)
Increase in restricted/pledged bank deposits/short-term
   bank deposits                                                                    (640,444)           (428,923)
Subsequent expenditures on investment properties                                    (495,321)           (585,915)
Purchase of property, plant and equipment                                           (450,616)           (596,260)
Acquisition of subsidiaries                                        37               (313,779)            134,298
Acquisition of a subsidiary under common control                 47(I)(h)           (251,972)                  –
Advance to related parties                                                          (210,096)         (1,633,386)
Acquisition of a parcel of land with portion held for
   development of investment properties                                             (159,273)                   –
Capital injection into associates                                                   (106,674)            (420,073)
Deposits paid on acquisition of property, plant and
   equipment/intangible assets                                      24                (89,903)           (114,192)
Purchase of operating concessions                                                     (11,794)           (652,318)
Purchases of equity instruments at fair value through other
   comprehensive income (“FVTOCI”)                                                    (9,060)                  –
Net cash flow from liquidation of a subsidiary                      41                  (256)                  –
Repayment from related parties                                                     1,467,695             821,115
Interest received                                                                    459,857             425,186
Return of capital after capital reduction in an associate                            275,201                   –
Dividends received from associates                                                   257,158              97,664
Proceeds from disposal of subsidiaries                              40               139,720           4,609,821
Dividends received from joint ventures                                                48,736             485,867
Proceeds from disposal of property, plant and equipment                               43,486             633,999
Proceeds from disposal of financial assets of FVTOCI                                  16,289                   –
Dividends received from equity investments                                             9,045              47,875
Deposits paid for acquisition of land parcels                       24                     –          (5,625,904)
Deposits paid for acquisition of service concession
   arrangements                                                                              –           (86,601)
Purchase of investments                                                                      –           (18,405)
Additions to toll road operating rights                                                      –            (6,705)
Proceeds from disposal of investment properties                                              –           513,768
Proceeds from disposal of interests in associates                                            –           124,802
Proceeds from refund of capital of equity instruments
   at FVTOCI                                                                                 –             19,374
NET CASH USED IN INVESTING ACTIVITIES                                             (3,070,445)         (2,576,956)




                                                              SHANGHAI INDUSTRIAL HOLDINGS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022   81
     CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS
     For the year ended 31 December 2022




                                                                                              2022          2021
                                                                          NOTES             HK$’000       HK$’000
       FINANCING ACTIVITIES
       Bank and other borrowings raised                                                  26,613,420     22,454,759
       Capital contributions by non-controlling interests                                   402,086        105,333
       Repayment of bank and other borrowings                                           (24,850,446)   (14,527,530)
       Interest paid                                                                     (2,814,236)    (2,528,188)
       (Repayment to) advances from related parties                                      (1,301,434)       351,417
       Dividends paid to non-controlling interests                                       (1,236,994)      (438,516)
       Dividends paid                                                                    (1,043,723)    (1,087,212)
       Acquisition of additional interest in a non-wholly owned
          subsidiary through acquisition of a subsidiary                    38             (204,905)             –
       Repayments of lease liabilities                                                     (110,579)      (122,348)
       Interest paid on lease liabilities                                                   (12,897)       (15,241)
       Repurchase of their own shares by listed subsidiaries                                   (969)       (32,763)
       Repayment of perpetual bond                                                                –     (1,210,068)
       Interest paid to holder of perpetual bond                                                  –        (35,376)
       NET CASH (USED IN) FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES                                      (4,560,677)    2,914,267
       NET (DECREASE) INCREASE IN CASH AND CASH
         EQUIVALENTS                                                                     (7,104,941)    9,896,766

       CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AT 1 JANUARY                                           38,149,742     28,354,355

       EFFECT OF FOREIGN EXCHANGE RATE CHANGES                                           (2,174,941)     (101,379)
       CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AT 31 DECEMBER,
         represented by bank balances and cash                                          28,870,193     38,149,742

     The notes on pages 83 to 195 are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.




82   SHANGHAI INDUSTRIAL HOLDINGS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022
        NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                  For the year ended 31 December 2022




1. GENERAL INFORMATION
   Shanghai Industrial Holdings Limited (the “Company”) is a public limited company incorporated in Hong Kong
   and its shares are listed on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “Stock Exchange”). Its ultimate
   parent is SIIC, a private limited company also incorporated in Hong Kong. The addresses of the registered
   office and principal place of business of the Company are disclosed in the section of “Corporate Information” of
   the annual report.

   The Company is an investment holding company. The principal activities of its principal subsidiaries, joint
   ventures and associates are set out in notes 50, 51 and 52, respectively.

   The consolidated financial statements are presented in Hong Kong dollar (“HK$”), which is also the functional
   currency of the Company.

2. APPLICATION OF AMENDMENTS TO HONG KONG FINANCIAL REPORTING STANDARDS
   (“HKFRSs”)
  Amendments to HKFRSs that are mandatorily effective for the current year
   In the current year. the Group has applied the following amendments to HKFRSs issued by the Hong Kong
   Institute of Certified Public Accountants (“HKICPA”) for the first time which are mandatorily effective for the
   Group’s annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2022 for the preparation of the consolidated financial
   statements:

   Amendments to HKFRS 3                        Reference to the Conceptual Framework
   Amendment to HKFRS 16                        Covid-19-Related Rent Concessions beyond 30 June 2021
   Amendments to HKAS 16                        Property, Plant and Equipment – Proceeds before Intended Use
   Amendments to HKAS 37                        Onerous Contracts – Cost of Fulfilling a Contract
   Amendments to HKFRSs                         Annual Improvements to HKFRSs 2018 – 2020

   Except as described below, the application of the amendments to HKFRSs in the current year had no material
   impact on the Group’s financial positions and performance for the current and prior years and/or on the
   disclosures set out in these consolidated financial statements.

   Impacts on application of Amendments to HKFRS 3 “Reference to the Conceptual Framework”
   The Group has applied the amendments to business combinations for which the acquisition date was on or
   after 1 January 2022. The amendments update a reference in HKFRS 3 “Business Combinations” so that
   it refers to the Conceptual Framework for Financial Reporting 2018 issued in June 2018 (the “Conceptual
   Framework”) instead of Framework for the Preparation and Presentation of Financial Statements (replaced
   by the Conceptual Framework for Financial Reporting 2010 issued in October 2010), add a requirement that,
   for transactions and events within the scope of HKAS 37 Provisions, Contingent Liabilities and Contingent
   Assets or HK(IFRIC)-Int 21 Levies, an acquirer applies HKAS 37 or HK(IFRIC)-Int 21 instead of the Conceptual
   Framework to identify the liabilities it has assumed in a business combination and add an explicit statement
   that an acquirer does not recognise contingent assets acquired in a business combination.

   The application of the amendments in the current year has had no material impact on the Group’s consolidated
   financial statements.




                                                                SHANGHAI INDUSTRIAL HOLDINGS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022   83
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     For the year ended 31 December 2022




     2. APPLICATION OF AMENDMENTS TO HONG KONG FINANCIAL REPORTING STANDARDS
        (“HKFRSs”) (continued)
          Amendments to HKFRSs that are mandatorily effective for the current year (continued)
          Impacts on application of Amendments to HKAS 16 “Property, Plant and Equipment – Proceeds before
          Intended Use”
          The Group has applied the amendments for the first time in the current year. The amendments specify that
          the costs of any item that were produced while bringing an item of property, plant and equipment to the
          location and condition necessary for it to be capable of operating in the manner intended by management
          (such as samples produced when testing whether the relevant property, plant and equipment is functioning
          properly) and the proceeds from selling such items should be recognised and measured in the profit or loss
          in accordance with applicable standards. The cost of the items are measured in accordance with HKAS 2
          “Inventories”.

          In accordance with the transitional provisions, the Group has applied the new accounting policy retrospectively
          to property, plant and equipment made available for use on or after the beginning of 1 January 2022. The
          application of the amendments in the current year has had no impact on the Group’s financial positions and
          performance.

          Impacts on application of Amendments to HKFRSs “Annual Improvements to HKFRSs 2018 – 2020”
          The Group has applied the amendments for the first time in the current year. The annual improvements make
          amendments to the following standards:

          HKFRS 9 “Financial Instruments”
          The amendment clarifies that for the purpose of assessing whether modification of terms of original financial
          liability constitutes substantial modification under the “10 per cent” test, a borrower includes only fees paid or
          received between the borrower and the lender, including fees paid or received by either the borrower or the
          lender on the other’s behalf.

          In accordance with the transitional provisions, the Group applies the amendment to financial liabilities that are
          modified or exchanged as at the date of initial application, 1 January 2022.

          The application of the amendments in the current year has had no impact on the Group’s consolidated
          financial statements.




84   SHANGHAI INDUSTRIAL HOLDINGS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                                   NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                 For the year ended 31 December 2022




2. APPLICATION OF AMENDMENTS TO HONG KONG FINANCIAL REPORTING STANDARDS
   (“HKFRSs”) (continued)
  New and amendments to HKFRSs in issue but not yet effective
  The Group has not early applied the following new and amendments to HKFRSs that have been issued but are
  not yet effective:

  HKFRS 17 (including the                                      Insurance Contracts1
   October 2020 and February 2022
   Amendments to HKFRS 17)
  Amendments to HKFRS 10 and HKAS 28                           Sale or Contribution of Assets between an Investor and its
                                                                 Associate or Joint Venture2
  Amendment to HKFRS 16                                        Lease Liability in a Sale and Leaseback3
  Amendments to HKAS 1                                         Classification of Liabilities as Current or Non-current and
                                                                 related amendments to Hong Kong Interpretation 5 (2020)3
  Amendments to HKAS 1                                         Non-current Liabilities with Covenants3
  Amendments to HKAS 1 and                                     Disclosure of Accounting Policies1
   HKFRS Practice Statement 2
  Amendments to HKAS 8                                         Definition of Accounting Estimates1
  Amendments to HKAS 12                                        Deferred Tax related to Assets and Liabilities arising
                                                                 from a Single Transaction1
  1
      Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2023.
  2
      Effective for annual periods beginning on or after a date to be determined.
  3
      Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2024.


  Except for the new and amendments to HKFRSs mentioned below, the directors of the Company anticipate that
  the application of all other new and amendments to HKFRSs will have no material impact on the consolidated
  financial statements in the foreseeable future.

  Amendments to HKAS 1 Classification of Liabilities as Current or Non-current and related amendments
  to Hong Kong Interpretation 5 (2020) (the “2020 Amendments”) and Amendments to HKAS 1 Non-
  current Liabilities with Covenants (the “2022 Amendments”)
  The 2020 Amendments provide clarification and additional guidance on the assessment of right to defer
  settlement for at least twelve months from reporting date for classification of liabilities as current or non-current,
  which:

  •   clarify that if a liability has terms that could, at the option of the counterparty, result in its settlement by
      the transfer of the entity’s own equity instruments, these terms do not affect its classification as current or
      non-current only if the entity recognises the option separately as an equity instrument applying HKAS 32
      Financial Instruments: Presentation.

  •   specify that the classification of liabilities as current or non-current should be based on rights that are in
      existence at the end of the reporting period. Specifically, the amendments clarify that the classification
      should not be affected by management intentions or expectations to settle the liability within 12 months.

  For rights to defer settlement for at least twelve months from reporting date which are conditional on the
  compliance with covenants, the requirements introduced by the 2020 Amendments have been modified by
  the 2022 Amendments. The 2022 Amendments specify that only covenants with which an entity is required to
  comply with on or before the end of the reporting period affect the entity’s right to defer settlement of a liability
  for at least twelve months after the reporting date. Covenants which are required to comply with only after the
  reporting period do not affect whether that right exists at the end of the reporting period.




                                                                               SHANGHAI INDUSTRIAL HOLDINGS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022   85
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     For the year ended 31 December 2022




     2. APPLICATION OF AMENDMENTS TO HONG KONG FINANCIAL REPORTING STANDARDS
        (“HKFRSs”) (continued)
          New and amendments to HKFRSs in issue but not yet effective (continued)
          Amendments to HKAS 1 Classification of Liabilities as Current or Non-current and related amendments
          to Hong Kong Interpretation 5 (2020) (the “2020 Amendments”) and Amendments to HKAS 1 Non-
          current Liabilities with Covenants (the “2022 Amendments”) (continued)
          In addition, the 2022 Amendments specify the disclosure requirements about information that enables users
          of financial statements to understand the risk that the liabilities could become repayable within twelve months
          after the reporting period, if the entity classify liabilities arising from loan arrangements as non-current when
          the entity’s right to defer settlement of those liabilities is subject to the entity complying with covenants within
          twelve months after the reporting period.

          The 2022 Amendments also defer the effective date of applying the 2020 Amendments to annual reporting
          periods beginning on or after 1 January 2024. The 2022 Amendments, together with the 2020 Amendments,
          are effective for annual reporting periods beginning on or after 1 January 2024, with early application permitted.
          If an entity applies the 2020 amendments for an earlier period after the issue of the 2022 Amendments, the
          entity should also apply the 2022 Amendments for that period.

          Based on the Group’s outstanding liabilities as at 31 December 2022, the application of the 2020 and 2022
          Amendments will not result in reclassification of the Group’s liabilities.

          Amendments to HKAS 1 and HKFRS Practice Statement 2 “Disclosure of Accounting Policies”
          HKAS 1 is amended to replace all instances of the term “significant accounting policies” with “material
          accounting policy information”. Accounting policy information is material if, when considered together with
          other information included in an entity’s financial statements, it can reasonably be expected to influence
          decisions that the primary users of general purpose financial statements make on the basis of those financial
          statements.

          The amendments also clarify that accounting policy information may be material because of the nature of
          the related transactions, other events or conditions, even if the amounts are immaterial. However, not all
          accounting policy information relating to material transactions, other events or conditions is itself material. If
          an entity chooses to disclose immaterial accounting policy information, such information must not obscure
          material accounting policy information.

          HKFRS Practice Statement 2 “Making Materiality Judgements” (the “Practice Statement”) is also amended to
          illustrate how an entity applies the “four-step materiality process” to accounting policy disclosures and to judge
          whether information about an accounting policy is material to its financial statements. Guidance and examples
          are added to the Practice Statement.

          The application of the amendments is not expected to have significant impact on the financial position or
          performance of the Group but may affect the disclosures of the Group’s significant accounting policies. The
          impacts of application, if any, will be disclosed in the Group’s future consolidated financial statements.

          Amendments to HKAS 8 “Definition of Accounting Estimates”
          The amendments define accounting estimates as “monetary amounts in financial statements that are subject
          to measurement uncertainty”. An accounting policy may require items in financial statements to be measured
          in a way that involves measurement uncertainty – that is, the accounting policy may require such items to
          be measured at monetary amounts that cannot be observed directly and must instead be estimated. In such
          a case, an entity develops an accounting estimate to achieve the objective set out by the accounting policy.
          Developing accounting estimates involves the use of judgements or assumptions based on the latest available,
          reliable information.

          In addition, the concept of changes in accounting estimates in HKAS 8 is retained with additional clarifications.

          The application of the amendments is not expected to have significant impact on the Group’s consolidated
          financial statements.



86   SHANGHAI INDUSTRIAL HOLDINGS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                          NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                    For the year ended 31 December 2022




3. BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT
   ACCOUNTING POLICIES
  3.1 Basis of preparation of consolidated financial statements
      The consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with HKFRSs issued by the
      HKICPA. For the purpose of preparation of the consolidated financial statements, information is considered
      material of such information is reasonably expected to influence decisions made by primary users. In
      addition, the consolidated financial statements include applicable disclosures required by the Rules
      Governing the Listing of Securities on the Stock Exchange and by the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance.

      The consolidated financial statements have been prepared on the historical cost basis except for certain
      properties and financial instruments that are measured at fair values at the end of each reporting period, as
      explained in the accounting policies set out below.

      Historical cost is generally based on the fair value of the consideration given in exchange for goods and
      services.

      Fair value is the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly
      transaction between market participants at the measurement date, regardless of whether that price is
      directly observable or estimated using another valuation technique. In estimating the fair value of an asset
      or a liability, the Group takes into account the characteristics of the asset or liability if market participants
      would take those characteristics into account when pricing the asset or liability at the measurement date.
      Fair value for measurement and/or disclosure purposes in these consolidated financial statements is
      determined on such a basis, except for share-based payment transactions that are within the scope of
      HKFRS 2 “Share-based Payment”, leasing transactions that are accounted for in accordance with HKFRS
      16, and measurements that have some similarities to fair value but are not fair value, such as net realisable
      value in HKAS 2 “Inventories” or value in use in HKAS 36 “Impairment of Assets”.

      A fair value measurement of a non-financial asset takes into account a market participant’s ability to
      generate economic benefits by using the asset in its highest and best use or by selling it to another market
      participant that would use the asset in its highest and best use.

      For financial instruments and investment properties which are transacted at fair value and a valuation
      technique that unobservable inputs is to be used to measure fair value in subsequent periods, the
      valuation technique is calibrated so that at initial application the results of the valuation technique equals
      the transaction price.

      In addition, for financial reporting purposes, fair value measurements are categorised into Level 1, 2
      or 3 based on the degree to which the inputs to the fair value measurements are observable and the
      significance of the inputs to the fair value measurement in its entirety, which are described as follows:

      •   Level 1 inputs are quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities that
          the entity can access at the measurement date;

      •   Level 2 inputs are inputs, other than quoted prices included within Level 1, that are observable for the
          asset or liability, either directly or indirectly; and

      •   Level 3 inputs are unobservable inputs for the asset or liability.




                                                                  SHANGHAI INDUSTRIAL HOLDINGS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022   87
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     For the year ended 31 December 2022




     3. BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT
        ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
          3.2 Significant accounting policies
               Basis of consolidation
               The consolidated financial statements incorporate the financial statements of the Company and entities
               controlled by the Company and its subsidiaries. Control is achieved when the Company:

               •    has power over the investee;

               •    is exposed, or has rights, to variable returns from its involvement with the investee; and

               •    has the ability to use its power to affect its returns.

               The Group reassesses whether or not it controls an investee if facts and circumstances indicate that there
               are changes to one or more of the three elements of control listed above.

               When the Group has less than a majority of the voting rights of an investee, it has power over the investee
               when the voting rights are sufficient to give it the practical ability to direct the relevant activities of the
               investee unilaterally. The Group considers all relevant facts and circumstances in assessing whether or not
               the Group’s voting rights in an investee are sufficient to give it power, including:

               •    the size of the Group’s holding of voting rights relative to the size and dispersion of holdings of the
                    other vote holders;

               •    potential voting rights held by the Group, other vote holders or other parties;

               •    rights arising from other contractual arrangements; and

               •    any additional facts and circumstances that indicate that the Group has, or does not have, the current
                    ability to direct the relevant activities at the time that decisions need to be made, including voting
                    patterns at previous shareholders’ meetings.

               Consolidation of a subsidiary begins when the Group obtains control over the subsidiary and ceases when
               the Group loses control of the subsidiary. Specifically, income and expenses of a subsidiary acquired or
               disposed of during the year are included in the consolidated statement of profit or loss from the date the
               Group gains control until the date when the Group ceases to control the subsidiary.

               Profit or loss and each item of other comprehensive income are attributed to the owners of the Company
               and to the non-controlling interests. Total comprehensive income of subsidiaries is attributed to the owners
               of the Company and to the non-controlling interests even if this results in the non-controlling interests
               having a deficit balance.

               When necessary, adjustments are made to the financial statements of subsidiaries to bring their
               accounting policies in line with the Group’s accounting policies.

               All intragroup assets and liabilities, equity, income, expenses and cash flows relating to transactions
               between members of the Group are eliminated in full on consolidation.

               Non-controlling interests in subsidiaries are presented separately from the Group’s equity therein, which
               represent present ownership interests entitling their holders to a proportionate share of net assets of the
               relevant subsidiaries upon liquidation.




88   SHANGHAI INDUSTRIAL HOLDINGS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                            NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                       For the year ended 31 December 2022




3. BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT
   ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
  3.2 Significant accounting policies (continued)
     Basis of consolidation (continued)
     Changes in the Group’s interests in existing subsidiaries
     Changes in the Group’s interests in subsidiaries that do not result in the Group losing control over the
     subsidiaries are accounted for as equity transactions. The carrying amounts of the Group’s relevant
     components of equity and the non-controlling interests are adjusted to reflect the changes in their relative
     interests in the subsidiaries, including re-attribution of relevant reserves between the Group and the non-
     controlling interests according to the Group’s and the non-controlling interests’ proportionate interests.

      Any difference between the amount by which the non-controlling interests are adjusted, and the fair
      value of the consideration paid or received is recognised directly in equity and attributed to owners of the
      Company.

      When the Group losses control of a subsidiary, the assets and liabilities of that subsidiary and non-
      controlling interests (if any) are derecognised. A gain or loss is recognised in profit or loss and is calculated
      as the difference between (i) the aggregate of the fair value of the consideration received and the fair
      value of any retained interest and (ii) the carrying amount of the assets (including goodwill), and liabilities
      of the subsidiary attributable to the owners of the Company. All amounts previously recognised in other
      comprehensive income in relation to that subsidiary are accounted for as if the Group had directly
      disposed of the related assets or liabilities of the subsidiary (i.e. reclassified to profit or loss or transferred to
      another category of equity as specified/permitted by applicable HKFRSs). The fair value of any investment
      retained in the former subsidiary at the date when control is lost is regarded as the fair value on initial
      recognition for subsequent accounting under HKFRS 9 or when applicable, the cost on initial recognition
      of an investment in an associate or a joint venture.

     Business combinations or assets acquisitions
     Optional concentration test
     The Group can elect to apply an optional concentration test, on a transaction-by-transaction basis, that
     permits a simplified assessment of whether an acquired set of activities and assets is not a business. The
     concentration test is met if substantially all of the fair value of the gross assets acquired is concentrated
     in a single identifiable asset or group of similar identifiable assets. The gross assets under assessment
     exclude cash and cash equivalents, deferred tax assets, and goodwill resulting from the effects of deferred
     tax liabilities. If the concentration test is met, the set of activities and assets is determined not to be a
     business and no further assessment is needed.

     Asset acquisitions
     When the Group acquires a group of assets and liabilities that do not constitute a business, the Group
     identifies and recognises the individual identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed by allocating
     the purchase price first to investment properties which are subsequently measured under fair value model
     and financial assets/financial liabilities at the respective fair values, the remaining balance of the purchase
     price is then allocated to the other identifiable assets and liabilities on the basis of their relative fair values
     at the date of purchase. Such a transaction does not give rise to goodwill or bargain purchase gain.

     Business combinations
     A business is an integrated set of activities and assets which includes an input and a substantive process
     that together significantly contribute to the ability to create outputs. The acquired processes are considered
     substantive if they are critical to the ability to continue producing outputs, including an organised workforce
     with the necessary skills, knowledge, or experience to perform the related processes or they significantly
     contribute to the ability to continue producing outputs and are considered unique or scarce or cannot be
     replaced without significant cost, effort, or delay in the ability to continue producing outputs.




                                                                    SHANGHAI INDUSTRIAL HOLDINGS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022    89
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     For the year ended 31 December 2022




     3. BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT
        ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
          3.2 Significant accounting policies (continued)
               Business combinations or assets acquisitions (continued)
               Business combinations (continued)
               Acquisitions of businesses, other than business combination under common control are accounted for using
               the acquisition method. The consideration transferred in a business combination is measured at fair value,
               which is calculated as the sum of the acquisition-date fair values of the assets transferred by the Group,
               liabilities incurred by the Group to the former owners of the acquiree and the equity interests issued by the
               Group in exchange for control of the acquiree. Acquisition-related costs are generally recognised in profit
               or loss as incurred.

               For business combinations in which the acquisition date is on or after 1 January 2022, the identifiable assets
               acquired and liabilities assumed must meet the definitions of an asset and a liability in the “Conceptual
               Framework for Financial Reporting 2018” issued in June 2018 (the “Conceptual Framework”) except for
               transactions and events within the scope of HKAS 37 or HK(IFRIC)-Int 21, in which the Group applies
               HKAS 37 or HK(IFRIC)-Int 21 instead of the Conceptual Framework to identify the liabilities it has assumed
               in a business combination. Contingent assets are not recognised.

               At the acquisition date, the identifiable assets acquired and the liabilities assumed are recognised at their
               fair value, except that:

               •    deferred tax assets or liabilities, and assets or liabilities related to employee benefit arrangements are
                    recognised and measured in accordance with HKAS 12 “Income Taxes” and HKAS 19 “Employee
                    Benefits”, respectively;

               •    liabilities or equity instruments related to share-based payment arrangements of the acquiree or
                    share-based payment arrangements of the Group entered into to replace share-based payment
                    arrangements of the acquiree are measured in accordance with HKFRS 2 “Share-based Payments” at
                    the acquisition date (see the accounting policy below);

               •    assets (or disposal groups) that are classified as held for sale in accordance with HKFRS 5 “Non-
                    current Assets Held for Sale and Discontinued Operations” are measured in accordance with that
                    standard; and

               •    lease liabilities are recognised and measured at the present value of the remaining lease payments
                    (as defined in HKFRS 16) as if the acquired leases were new leases at the acquisition date, except
                    for leases for which (a) the lease term ends within 12 months of the acquisition date; or (b) the
                    underlying asset is of low value. Right-of-use assets are recognised and measured at the same amount
                    as the relevant lease liabilities, adjusted to reflect favourable or unfavourable terms of the lease when
                    compared with market terms.

               Goodwill is measured as the excess of the sum of the consideration transferred, the amount of any non-
               controlling interests in the acquiree, and the fair value of the acquirer’s previously held equity interest in
               the acquiree (if any) over the net amount of the identifiable assets acquired and the liabilities assumed as
               at acquisition date. If, after re-assessment, the net amount of the identifiable assets acquired and liabilities
               assumed exceeds the sum of the consideration transferred, the amount of any non-controlling interests in
               the acquiree and the fair value of the acquirer’s previously held interest in the acquiree (if any), the excess is
               recognised immediately in profit or loss as a bargain purchase gain.

               Non-controlling interests that are present ownership interests and entitle their holders to a proportionate
               share of the relevant subsidiary’s net assets in the event of liquidation are initially measured at the non-
               controlling interests’ proportionate share of the recognised amounts of the acquiree’s identifiable net assets
               or at fair value. The choice of measurement basis is made on a transaction-by-transaction basis.




90   SHANGHAI INDUSTRIAL HOLDINGS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                         NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                 For the year ended 31 December 2022




3. BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT
   ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
  3.2 Significant accounting policies (continued)
      Business combinations or assets acquisitions (continued)
      Business combinations (continued)
      When the consideration transferred by the Group in a business combination includes a contingent
      consideration arrangement, the contingent consideration is measured at its acquisition-date fair value and
      included as part of the consideration transferred in a business combination. Changes in the fair value of
      the contingent consideration that qualify as measurement period adjustments are adjusted retrospectively.
      Measurement period adjustments are adjustments that arise from additional information obtained during
      the “measurement period” (which cannot exceed one year from the acquisition date) about facts and
      circumstances that existed at the acquisition date.

      The subsequent accounting for the contingent consideration that do not qualify as measurement period
      adjustments depends on how the contingent consideration is classified. Contingent consideration that
      is classified as equity is not remeasured at subsequent reporting dates and its subsequent settlement
      is accounted for within equity. Contingent consideration that is classified as an asset or a liability is
      remeasured to fair value at subsequent reporting dates with the corresponding gain or loss being
      recognised in profit or loss.

      When a business combination is achieved in stages, the Group’s previously held equity interest in the
      acquiree is remeasured to fair value at the acquisition date (i.e. the date when the Group obtains control),
      and the resulting gain or loss, if any, is recognised in profit or loss or other comprehensive income,
      as appropriate. Amounts arising from interests in the acquiree prior to the acquisition date that have
      previously been recognised in other comprehensive income and measured under HKFRS 9 would be
      accounted for on the same basis as would be required if the Group had disposed directly of the previously
      held equity interest.

      If the initial accounting for a business combination is incomplete by the end of the reporting period
      in which the combination occurs, the Group reports provisional amounts for the items for which the
      accounting is incomplete. Those provisional amounts are adjusted retrospectively during the measurement
      period (see above), and additional assets or liabilities are recognised, to reflect new information obtained
      about facts and circumstances that existed at the acquisition date that, if known, would have affected the
      amounts recognised at that date.

     Merger Accounting for business combination involving businesses under common control
     Business combination involving entities under common control relates to acquisitions of subsidiaries/
     businesses controlled by SIIC.

      The consolidated financial statements incorporate the financial statements items of the combining
      businesses in which the common control combination occurs as if they had been combined from the date
      when the combining businesses first came under the control of the controlling party.

      The net assets of the combining businesses are consolidated using the existing book values from the
      controlling party’s perspective. No amount is recognised in respect of goodwill or bargain purchase gain at
      the time of common control combination.

      The consolidated statement of profit or loss includes the results of each of the combining businesses
      from the earliest date presented or since the date when the combining businesses first came under the
      common control, where this is a shorter period.

      The comparative amounts in the consolidated financial statements are presented as if the businesses had
      been combined at the beginning of the previous reporting period or when they first came under common
      control, whichever is shorter.




                                                               SHANGHAI INDUSTRIAL HOLDINGS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022   91
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     For the year ended 31 December 2022




     3. BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT
        ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
          3.2 Significant accounting policies (continued)
               Goodwill
               Goodwill arising on an acquisition of a business is carried at cost as established at the date of acquisition
               of the business (see the accounting policy above) less accumulated impairment losses, if any.

               For the purposes of impairment testing, goodwill is allocated to each of the Group’s cash-generating units (or
               group of cash-generating units) that is expected to benefit from the synergies of the combination, which
               represent the lowest level at which the goodwill is monitored for internal management purposes and not
               larger than an operating segment.

               A cash-generating unit (or group of cash-generating units) to which goodwill has been allocated is tested
               for impairment annually or more frequently when there is indication that the unit may be impaired.
               For goodwill arising on an acquisition in a reporting period, the cash-generating unit (or group of cash-
               generating units) to which goodwill has been allocated is tested for impairment before the end of that
               reporting period. If the recoverable amount is less than its carrying amount, the impairment loss is
               allocated first to reduce the carrying amount of any goodwill and then to the other assets on a pro-rata
               basis based on the carrying amount of each asset in the unit (or group of cash-generating units).

               On disposal of the relevant cash-generating unit or any of the cash-generating unit within the group of
               cash-generating units, the attributable amount of goodwill is included in the determination of the amount
               of profit or loss on disposal. When the Group disposes of an operation within the cash-generating unit
               (or cash-generating unit within a group of cash-generating units), the amount of goodwill disposed of is
               measured on the basis of the relative values of the operation (or the cash-generating unit) disposed of and
               the portion of the cash-generating unit (or the group of cash-generating units) retained.

               The Group’s policy for goodwill arising on the acquisition of an associate and a joint venture is described
               below.

               Investments in subsidiaries
               Investments in subsidiaries are included in the Company’s statement of financial position at cost less any
               identified impairment loss. The results of subsidiaries are accounted for by the Company on the basis of
               dividend received and receivable.

               Investments in associates and joint ventures
               An associate is an entity over which the Group has significant influence. Significant influence is the power
               to participate in the financial and operating policy decisions of the investee but is not control or joint control
               over those policies.

               A joint venture is a joint arrangement whereby the parties that have joint control of the arrangement have
               rights to the net assets of the joint arrangement. Joint control is the contractually agreed sharing of control
               of an arrangement, which exists only when decisions about the relevant activities require unanimous
               consent of the parties sharing control.




92   SHANGHAI INDUSTRIAL HOLDINGS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                           NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                     For the year ended 31 December 2022




3. BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT
   ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
  3.2 Significant accounting policies (continued)
      Investments in associates and joint ventures (continued)
      The results and assets and liabilities of associates and joint ventures are incorporated in these
      consolidated financial statements using the equity method of accounting, except when the investment, or
      a portion thereof, is classified as held for sale, in which case it is or the portion so classified is accounted
      for in accordance with HKFRS 5 “Non-current Assets Held for Sale and Discontinued Operations”. Any
      retained portion of an investment in an associate or a joint venture that has not been classified as held
      for sale continues to be accounted for using the equity method. The financial statements of associates
      and joint ventures used for equity accounting purposes are prepared using uniform accounting policies
      as those of the Group for like transactions and events in similar circumstances. Under the equity method,
      an investment in an associate or a joint venture is initially recognised in the consolidated statement of
      financial position at cost and adjusted thereafter to recognise the Group’s share of the profit or loss and
      other comprehensive income of the associate or joint venture. Changes in net assets of the associate/
      joint venture other than profit or loss and other comprehensive income are not accounted for unless such
      changes resulted in changes in ownership interest held by the Group. When the Group’s share of losses
      of an associate or joint venture exceeds the Group’s interest in that associate or joint venture, the Group
      discontinues recognising its share of further losses. Additional losses are recognised only to the extent that
      the Group has incurred legal or constructive obligations or made payments on behalf of the associate or
      joint venture.

      An investment in an associate or a joint venture is accounted for using the equity method from the date on
      which the investee becomes an associate or a joint venture. On acquisition of the investment in an associate
      or a joint venture, any excess of the cost of the investment over the Group’s share of the net fair value of
      the identifiable assets and liabilities of the investee is recognised as goodwill, which is included within the
      carrying amount of the investment. Any excess of the Group’s share of the net fair value of the identifiable
      assets and liabilities over the cost of the investment, after reassessment, is recognised immediately in profit
      or loss in the period in which the investment is acquired.

      The Group assesses whether there is an objective evidence that the interest in an associate or a joint
      venture may be impaired. When any objective evidence exists, the entire carrying amount of the
      investment (including goodwill) is tested for impairment in accordance with HKAS 36 as a single asset
      by comparing its recoverable amount (higher of value in use and fair value less costs of disposal) with its
      carrying amount. Any impairment loss recognised is not allocated to any assets, including goodwill, that
      forms part of the carrying amount of the investment. Any reversal of that impairment loss is recognised
      in accordance with HKAS 36 to the extent that the recoverable amount of the investment subsequently
      increases.

      When the Group ceases to have significant influence over an associate or joint control over a joint venture,
      it is accounted for as a disposal of the entire interest in the investee with a resulting gain or loss being
      recognised in profit or loss. When the Group retains an interest in the former associate or joint venture and
      the retained interest is a financial asset within the scope of HKFRS 9, the Group measures the retained
      interest at fair value at that date and the fair value is regarded as its fair value on initial recognition. The
      difference between the carrying amount of the associate or joint venture and the fair value of any retained
      interest and any proceeds from disposing of the relevant interest in the associate or joint venture is
      included in the determination of the gain or loss on disposal of the associate or joint venture. In addition,
      the Group accounts for all amounts previously recognised in other comprehensive income in relation to
      that associate or joint venture on the same basis as would be required if that associate or joint venture
      had directly disposed of the related assets or liabilities. Therefore, if a gain or loss previously recognised in
      other comprehensive income by that associate or joint venture would be reclassified to profit or loss on the
      disposal of the related assets or liabilities, the Group reclassifies the gain or loss from equity to profit or loss
      (as a reclassification adjustment) upon disposal/partial disposal of the relevant associate or joint venture.




                                                                   SHANGHAI INDUSTRIAL HOLDINGS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022   93
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     For the year ended 31 December 2022




     3. BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT
        ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
          3.2 Significant accounting policies (continued)
               Investments in associates and joint ventures (continued)
               The Group continues to use the equity method when an investment in an associate becomes an
               investment in a joint venture or an investment in a joint venture becomes an investment in an associate.
               There is no remeasurement to fair value upon such changes in ownership interests.

               When the Group reduces its ownership interest in an associate or a joint venture but the Group continues
               to use the equity method, the Group reclassifies to profit or loss the proportion of the gain or loss that had
               previously been recognised in other comprehensive income relating to that reduction in ownership interest
               if that gain or loss would be reclassified to profit or loss on the disposal of the related assets or liabilities.

               When a group entity transacts with an associate or a joint venture of the Group, profits and losses resulting
               from the transactions with the associate or joint venture are recognised in the Group’s consolidated
               financial statements only to the extent of interests in the associate or joint venture that are not related to
               the Group.

               Changes in the Group’s interests in associates and joint ventures
               The Group continues to use the equity method when an investment in an associate becomes an
               investment in a joint venture or an investment in a joint venture becomes an investment in an associate.
               There is no remeasurement to fair value upon such changes in ownership interests.

               When the Group reduces its ownership interest in an associate or a joint venture but the Group continues
               to use the equity method, the Group reclassifies to profit or loss the proportion of the gain or loss that had
               previously been recognised in other comprehensive income relating to that reduction in ownership interest
               if that gain or loss would be reclassified to profit or loss on the disposal of the related assets or liabilities.

               Acquisition of additional interests in associates or joint ventures
               When the Group increases its ownership interest in an associate or a joint venture but the Group continues
               to use the equity method, goodwill is recognised at acquisition date if there is excess of the consideration
               paid over the share of carrying amount of net assets attributable to the additional interests in associates or
               joint ventures acquired. Any excess of share of carrying amount of net assets attributable to the additional
               interests in associates or joint ventures acquired over the consideration paid are recognised in the profit or
               loss in the period in which the additional interest are acquired.

               Non-current assets held for sale
               Non-current assets (and disposal groups) are classified as held for sale if their carrying amount will be
               recovered principally through a sale transaction rather than through continuing use. This condition is
               regarded as met only when the asset (or disposal group) is available for immediate sale in its present
               condition subject only to terms that are usual and customary for sales of such asset (or disposal group)
               and its sale is highly probable. Management must be committed to the sale, which should be expected to
               qualify for recognition as a completed sale within one year from the date of classification.

               When the Group is committed to a sale plan involving loss of control of a subsidiary, all of the assets
               and liabilities of that subsidiary are classified as held for sale when the criteria described above are met,
               regardless of whether the Group will retain a non-controlling interest in the relevant subsidiary after the
               sale.

               When the Group is committed to a sale plan involving disposal of an investment, or a portion of an
               investment, in an associate or joint venture, the investment or the portion of the investment that will
               be disposed of is classified as held for sale when the criteria described above are met, and the Group
               discontinues the use of the equity method in relation to the portion that is classified as held for sale from
               the time when the investment (or a portion of the investment) is classified as held for sale.




94   SHANGHAI INDUSTRIAL HOLDINGS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                         NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                  For the year ended 31 December 2022




3. BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT
   ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
  3.2 Significant accounting policies (continued)
      Non-current assets held for sale (continued)
      Non-current assets (and disposal groups) classified as held for sale are measured at the lower of their
      previous carrying amount and fair value less costs to sell, except for financial assets within the scope of
      HKFRS 9 continue to be measured in accordance with the accounting policies as set out in respective
      sections.

      When there is a delay caused by events or circumstances beyond the Group’s control and there is
      sufficient evidence that the Group remains committed to its plan to sell the asset (or disposal group), an
      extension of the period required to complete a sale does not preclude an asset (or disposal group) from
      being classified as held for sale.

     Service concession arrangements
     Consideration given by the grantor
     A financial asset (receivable under service concession arrangement) is recognised to the extent that (a)
     the Group has an unconditional right to receive cash or another financial asset from or at the direction
     of the grantor for the construction services rendered and/or the consideration paid and payable by the
     Group for the right to charge users of the public service; and (b) the grantor has little, if any, discretion to
     avoid payment, usually because the agreement is enforceable by law. The Group has an unconditional
     right to receive cash if the grantor contractually guarantees to pay the Group (a) specified or determinable
     amounts or (b) the shortfall, if any, between amounts received from users of the public service and
     specified or determinable amounts, even if the payment is contingent on the Group ensuring that the
     infrastructure meets specified quality of efficiency requirements. The financial asset (receivable under
     service concession arrangement) is accounted for in accordance with the policy set out for “Financial
     instruments” below.

      An intangible asset (operating concession) is recognised to the extent that the Group receives a right
      to charge users of the public service, which is not an unconditional right to receive cash because the
      amounts are contingent on the extent that the public uses the service. The intangible asset (operating
      concession) is accounted for in accordance with the policy set out for “Intangible assets” below.

      If the Group is paid partly by a financial asset and partly by an intangible asset, in which case, each
      component of the consideration is accounted for separately and the consideration received or receivable
      for both components shall be recognised initially at the fair value of the consideration received or
      receivable.

     Operating services
     Revenue relating to operating services are accounted for in accordance with the policy for “Revenue
     recognition” below.

     Contractual obligations to restore the infrastructure to a specified level of serviceability
     When the Group has contractual obligations which it must fulfil as a condition of its licence for operating
     concession, that is (a) to maintain the infrastructure to a specified level of serviceability and/or (b) to
     restore the infrastructure to a specified condition before they are handed over to the grantor at the end of
     the service concession arrangement, these contractual obligations to maintain or restore infrastructure are
     recognised and measured in accordance with the policy set out for “Provisions” below.

     Revenue from contracts with customers
     The Group recognises revenue when (or as) a performance obligation is satisfied, i.e. when “control” of the
     goods or services underlying the particular performance obligation is transferred to the customer.

      A performance obligation represents a good or service (or a bundle of goods or services) that is distinct or
      a series of distinct goods or services that are substantially the same.




                                                                SHANGHAI INDUSTRIAL HOLDINGS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022   95
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     For the year ended 31 December 2022




     3. BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT
        ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
          3.2 Significant accounting policies (continued)
               Revenue from contracts with customers (continued)
               Control is transferred over time and revenue is recognised over time by reference to the progress towards
               complete satisfaction of the relevant performance obligation if one of the following criteria is met:

               •    the customer simultaneously receives and consumes the benefits provided by the Group’s
                    performance as the Group performs;

               •    the Group’s performance creates or enhances an asset that the customer controls as the Group
                    performs; or

               •    the Group’s performance does not create an asset with an alternative use to the Group and the Group
                    has an enforceable right to payment for performance completed to date.

               Otherwise, revenue is recognised at a point in time when the customer obtains control of the distinct good
               or service.

               A contract asset represents the Group’s right to consideration in exchange for goods or services that
               the Group has transferred to a customer that is not yet unconditional. It is assessed for impairment
               in accordance with HKFRS 9. In contrast, a receivable represents the Group’s unconditional right to
               consideration, i.e. only the passage of time is required before payment of that consideration is due.

               A contract liability represents the Group’s obligation to transfer goods or services to a customer for which
               the Group has received consideration (or an amount of consideration is due) from the customer.

               A contract asset and a contract liability relating to the same contract are accounted for an presented on a
               net basis.

               Over time revenue recognition: measurement of progress towards complete satisfaction of a performance
               obligation
               Output method
               The progress towards complete satisfaction of a performance obligation is measured based on output
               method, which is to recognise revenue on the basis of direct measurements of the value of the goods or
               services transferred to the customer to date relative to the remaining goods or services promised under the
               contract, that best depict the Group’s performance in transferring control of goods or services.

               As a practical expedient, if the Group has a right to consideration in an amount that corresponds directly
               with the value of the Group’s performance completed to date, the Group recognises revenue in the amount
               to which the Group has the right to invoice.

               Input method
               The progress towards complete satisfaction of a performance obligation is measured based on input
               method, which is to recognise revenue on the basis of the Group’s efforts or inputs to the satisfaction
               of a performance obligation relative to the total expected inputs to the satisfaction of that performance
               obligation, that best depict the Group’s performance in transferring control of goods or services.

               Existence of significant financing component
               In determining the transaction price, the Group adjusts the promised amount of consideration for the
               effects of the time value of money if the timing of payments agreed (either explicitly or implicitly) provides
               the customer or the Group with a significant benefit of financing the transfer of goods or services to the
               customer. In those circumstances, the contract contains a significant financing component. A significant
               financing component may exist regardless of whether the promise of financing is explicitly stated in the
               contract or implied by the payment terms agreed to by the parties to the contract.




96   SHANGHAI INDUSTRIAL HOLDINGS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                         NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                  For the year ended 31 December 2022




3. BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT
   ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
  3.2 Significant accounting policies (continued)
      Revenue from contracts with customers (continued)
      Existence of significant financing component (continued)
      For contracts where the period between payment and transfer of the associated goods or services is less
      than one year, the Group applies the practical expedient of not adjusting the transaction price for any
      significant financing component.

     Contract costs
     Incremental costs of obtaining a contract
     Incremental costs of obtaining a contract are those costs that the Group incurs to obtain a contract with a
     customer that it would not have incurred if the contract had not been obtained.

      The Group recognises such costs (mainly sales commissions in relation to the sales of properties) as an
      asset if it expects to recover these costs. The asset so recognised is subsequently amortised to profit or
      loss on a systematic basis that is consistent with the transfer to the customer of the goods or services to
      which the assets relate.

      The Group applies the practical expedient of expensing all incremental costs to obtain a contract if these
      costs would otherwise have been fully amortised to profit or loss within one year.

     Leases
     Definition of a lease
     A contract is, or contains, a lease if the contract conveys the right to control the use of an identified asset
     for a period of time in exchange for consideration.

      For contracts entered into or modified on or after the date of initial application of HKFRS 16 or arising
      from business combinations, the Group assesses whether a contract is or contains a lease based on
      the definition under HKFRS 16 at inception, modification date or acquisition date, as appropriate. Such
      contract will not be reassessed unless the terms and conditions of the contract are subsequently changed.
      As a practical expedient, leases with similar characteristics are accounted on a portfolio basis when
      the Group reasonably expects that the effects on the consolidated financial statements would not differ
      materially from individual leases within the portfolio.

     The Group as a lessee
     Allocation of consideration to components of a contract
     For a contract that contains a lease component and one or more additional lease or non-lease
     components, the Group allocates the consideration in the contract to each lease component on the basis
     of the relative stand-alone price of the lease component and the aggregate stand-alone price of the non-
     lease components, including contract for acquisition of ownership interests of a property which includes
     both leasehold land and non-lease building components, unless such allocation cannot be made reliably.

      The Group applies practical expedient not to separate non-lease components from lease component, and
      instead account for the lease component and any associated non-lease components as a single lease
      component.

     Short-term leases and leases of low-value assets
     The Group applies the short-term lease recognition exemption to leases of warehouses, office premises
     and department units that have a lease term of 12 months or less from the commencement date and do
     not contain a purchase option. It also applies the recognition exemption for lease of low-value assets. Lease
     payments on short-term leases and leases of low-value assets are recognised as expense on a straight-line
     basis or another systematic basis over the lease term.




                                                                SHANGHAI INDUSTRIAL HOLDINGS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022   97
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     For the year ended 31 December 2022




     3. BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT
        ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
          3.2 Significant accounting policies (continued)
               Leases (continued)
               The Group as a lessee (continued)
               Right-of-use assets
               The cost of right-of-use assets includes:

               •    the amount of the initial measurement of the lease liability;

               •    any lease payments made at or before the commencement date, less any lease incentives received;

               •    any initial direct costs incurred by the Group; and

               •    an estimate of costs to be incurred by the Group in dismantling and removing the underlying assets,
                    restoring the site on which it is located or restoring the underlying asset to the condition required by
                    the terms and conditions of the lease.

               Right-of-use assets are measured at cost, less any accumulated depreciation and impairment losses, and
               adjusted for any remeasurement of lease liabilities.

               Right-of-use assets are depreciated on a straight-line basis over the shorter of its estimated useful life and
               the lease term.

               The Group presents right-of-use assets that do not meet the definition of investment property or inventory as
               a separate line item on the consolidated statement of financial position. Right-of-use assets that meet the
               definition of investment property and inventory are presented within “investment properties”, “properties
               under development for sale” and “properties held for sale” respectively.

               Refundable rental deposits
               Refundable rental deposits paid are accounted under HKFRS 9 and initially measured at fair value.
               Adjustments to fair value at initial recognition are considered as additional lease payments and included in
               the cost of right-of-use assets.

               Lease liabilities
               At the commencement date of a lease, the Group recognises and measures the lease liability at the
               present value of lease payments that are unpaid at that date. In calculating the present value of lease
               payments, the Group uses the incremental borrowing rate at the lease commencement date if the interest
               rate implicit in the lease is not readily determinable.

               The lease payments include:

               •    fixed payments (including in-substance fixed payments) less any lease incentives receivable;

               •    amounts expected to be paid under residual value guarantees; and

               •    payments of penalties for terminating a lease, of the lease term reflects the Group exercising an option
                    to terminate the lease.

               After the commencement date, lease liabilities are adjusted by interest accretion and lease payments.

               The Group remeasures lease liabilities (and makes a corresponding adjustment to the related right-of-
               use assets) whenever the lease term has changed or there is a change in the assessment of exercise of a
               purchase option, in which case the related lease liability is remeasured by discounting the revised lease
               payments using a revised discount rate at the date of reassessment.

               The Group presents lease liabilities as a separate line item on the consolidated statement of financial
               position.


98   SHANGHAI INDUSTRIAL HOLDINGS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                         NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                  For the year ended 31 December 2022




3. BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT
   ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
  3.2 Significant accounting policies (continued)
     Leases (continued)
     The Group as a lessee (continued)
     Lease modifications
     The Group accounts for a lease modification as a separate lease if:

      •   the modification increases the scope of the lease by adding the right to use one or more underlying
          assets; and

      •   the consideration for the leases increases by an amount commensurate with the stand-alone price
          for the increase in scope and any appropriate adjustments to that stand-alone price to reflect the
          circumstances of the particular contract.

      For a lease modification that is not accounted for as a separate lease, the Group remeasures the lease
      liability based on the lease term of the modified lease by discounting the revised lease payments using a
      revised discount rate at the effective date of the modification.

      The Group accounts for the remeasurement of lease liabilities by making corresponding adjustments to
      the relevant right-of-use assets. When the modified contract contains a lease component and one or more
      additional lease or non-lease components, the Group allocates the consideration in the modified contract
      to each lease component on the basis of the relative stand-alone price of the lease component and the
      aggregate stand-alone price of the non-lease components.

     The Group as a lessor
     Classification and measurement of leases
     Leases for which the Group is a lessor are classified as finance or operating leases. Whenever the terms of
     the lease transfer substantially all the risks and rewards incidental to ownership of an underlying asset to
     the lessee, the contract is classified as a finance lease. All other leases are classified as operating leases.

      Rental income from operating leases is recognised in profit or loss on a straight-line basis over the term of
      the relevant lease. Initial direct costs incurred in negotiating and arranging an operating lease are added
      to the carrying amount of the leased asset, and such costs are recognised as an expense on a straight-line
      basis over the lease term except for investment properties measured under fair value model.

      Rental income which is derived from the Group’s ordinary course of business is presented as revenue.

     Allocation of consideration to components of a contract
     When a contract includes both leases and non-lease components, the Group applies HKFRS 15 “Revenue
     from Contracts with Customers” (“HKFRS 15”) to allocate consideration in a contract to lease and non-
     lease components. Non-lease components are separated from lease component on the basis of their
     relative stand-alone selling prices.

     Refundable rental deposits
     Refundable rental deposits received are accounted for under HKFRS 9 and initially measured at fair value.
     Adjustments to fair value at initial recognition are considered as additional lease payments from lessees.

     Sublease
     When the Group is an intermediate lessor, it accounts for the head lease and the sublease as two separate
     contracts. The sublease is classified as a finance or an operating lease by reference to the right-of-use assets
     arising from the head lease, not with reference to the underlying asset.

     Lease modification
     Changes in considerations of lease contracts that were not part of the original terms and conditions, are
     accounted for as lease modifications, including lease incentives provided through forgiveness or reduction
     of rentals.



                                                                SHANGHAI INDUSTRIAL HOLDINGS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022   99
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      For the year ended 31 December 2022




      3. BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT
         ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
           3.2 Significant accounting policies (continued)
                Leases (continued)
                The Group as a lessor (continued)
                Operating leases
                The Group accounts for a modification to an operating lease as a new lease from the effective date of the
                modification, considering any prepaid or accrued lease payments relating to the original lease as part of
                the lease payments for the new lease.

                For rent concession under which the Group legally releases the lessee from its obligation to make
                specifically identified lease payment, of which some of these lease payments are contractually due but not
                paid and some of them are not yet contractually due, the Group accounts for the portions which have been
                recognised as operating lease receivables (i.e. the lease payments which are contractually due but not
                paid) by applying the expected credit loss (“ECL”) and derecognition requirements under HKFRS 9 and
                applies lease modification requirements for the forgiven lease payments that the Group has not recognised
                (i.e. the lease payments which are not yet contractually due) as at the effective date of modification.

                Investment properties
                Investment properties are properties held to earn rentals and/or for capital appreciation (including
                properties under construction for such purposes).

                Investment properties are initially measured at cost, including any directly attributable expenditure.
                Subsequent to initial recognition, investment properties are measured at fair values, adjusted to exclude
                any prepaid or accrued operating lease income.

                Gains or losses arising from changes in the fair value of investment properties are included in profit or loss
                for the period in which they arise.

                Construction costs incurred for investment properties under construction are capitalised as part of the
                carrying amount of the investment properties under construction.

                An investment property is derecognised upon disposal or when the investment property is permanently
                withdrawn from use and no future economic benefits are expected from its disposal. Any gain or loss
                arising on derecognition of the property (calculated as the difference between the net disposal proceeds
                and the carrying amount of the asset) is included in profit or loss in the period in which the property is
                derecognised.

                If a property becomes an owner-occupied property because its use has been changed as evidenced
                by commencement of owner-occupation, the fair value of the property at the date of change in use is
                considered as the deemed cost for subsequent accounting.

                Property, plant and equipment
                Property, plant and equipment are tangible assets that are held for use in the production or supply of
                goods or services, or for administrative purposes (other than construction in progress as described below).
                Property, plant and equipment are stated in the consolidated statement of financial position at cost less
                subsequent accumulated depreciation and subsequent accumulated impairment losses, if any.

                Properties in the course of construction for production, supply or administrative purposes (i.e. construction
                in progress) are carried at cost, less any recognised impairment loss. Costs include any costs directly
                attributable to bringing the asset to the location and condition necessary for it to be capable of operating
                in the manner intended by the management of the Group, including costs of testing whether the related
                assets is functioning properly and, for qualifying assets, borrowing costs capitalised in accordance with
                the Group’s accounting policy. Depreciation of these assets, on the same basis as other property assets,
                commences when the assets are ready for their intended use.




100   SHANGHAI INDUSTRIAL HOLDINGS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                          NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                    For the year ended 31 December 2022




3. BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT
   ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
  3.2 Significant accounting policies (continued)
      Property, plant and equipment (continued)
      When the Group makes payments for ownership interests of properties which includes both leasehold land
      and building elements, the entire consideration is allocated between the leasehold land and the building
      elements in proportion to the relative fair values at initial recognition. To the extent the allocation of the
      relevant payments can be made reliably, interest in leasehold land is presented as “right-of-use assets”
      in the consolidated statement of financial position except for those that are classified and accounted for
      as investment properties under the fair value model. When the consideration cannot be allocated reliably
      between non-lease building element and undivided interest in the underlying leasehold land, the entire
      properties are classified as property, plant and equipment.

      Depreciation is recognised so as to write off the cost of assets (other than construction in progress) less
      their residual values over their estimated useful lives, using the straight-line method. The estimated useful
      lives, residual values and depreciation method are reviewed at the end of each reporting period, with the
      effect of any changes in estimate accounted for on a prospective basis.

      An item of property, plant and equipment is derecognised upon disposal or when no future economic
      benefits are expected to arise from the continued use of the asset. Any gain or loss arising on the disposal
      or retirement of an item of property, plant and equipment is determined as the difference between the sale
      proceeds and the carrying amount of the asset and is recognised in profit or loss.

     Foreign currencies
     In preparing the financial statements of each individual group entity, transactions in currencies other than
     the functional currency of that entity (foreign currencies) are recognised at the rates of exchange prevailing
     at the dates of the transactions. At the end of each reporting period, monetary items denominated in
     foreign currencies are retranslated at the rates prevailing at that date. Non-monetary items carried at fair
     value that are denominated in foreign currencies are retranslated at the rates prevailing at the date when
     the fair value was determined. Non-monetary items that are measured in terms of historical cost in a
     foreign currency are not retranslated.

      Exchange differences arising on the settlement of monetary items, and on the retranslation of monetary
      items are recognised in profit or loss in the period in which they arise, except for exchange differences on
      monetary items receivable from or payable to a foreign operation for which settlement is neither planned
      nor likely to occur (therefore forming part of the net investment in the foreign operation), which are
      recognised initially in other comprehensive income and reclassified from equity to profit or loss on disposal
      or partial disposal of the Group’s interests in that foreign operation.

      For the purposes of presenting consolidated financial statements, the assets and liabilities of the Group’s
      operations are translated into the presentation currency of the Group (i.e. Hong Kong dollar) using
      exchange rates prevailing at the end of each reporting period. Income and expenses items are translated at
      the average exchange rates for the period, unless exchange rates fluctuate significantly during the period,
      in which case, the exchange rates prevailing at the dates of transactions are used. Exchange differences
      arising, if any, are recognised in other comprehensive income and accumulated in equity under the
      heading of translation reserve (attributed to non-controlling interests as appropriate).

      On the disposal of a foreign operation (i.e. a disposal of the Group’s entire interest in a foreign operation, or
      a disposal involving loss of control over a subsidiary that includes a foreign operation, or a partial disposal
      of an interest in a joint arrangement or an associate that includes a foreign operation of which the retained
      interest becomes a financial asset), all of the exchange differences accumulated in equity in respect of that
      operation attributable to the owners of the Company are reclassified to profit or loss.




                                                                  SHANGHAI INDUSTRIAL HOLDINGS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022   101
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      For the year ended 31 December 2022




      3. BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT
         ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
           3.2 Significant accounting policies (continued)
                Foreign currencies (continued)
                In addition, in relation to a partial disposal of a subsidiary that does not result in the Group losing control
                over the subsidiary, the proportionate share of accumulated exchange differences are re-attributed to
                non-controlling interests and are not recognised in profit or loss. For all other partial disposals (i.e. partial
                disposals of associates or joint arrangements that do not result in the Group losing significant influence
                or joint control), the proportionate share of the accumulated exchange differences is reclassified to profit
                or loss. Settlements of monetary items which formed part of net investment in foreign operations without
                changes in the Group’s ownership interests is not considered as partial disposals.

                Goodwill and fair value adjustments on identifiable assets acquired arising on an acquisition of a foreign
                operation are treated as assets and liabilities of that foreign operation and translated at the rate of
                exchange prevailing at the end of each reporting period. Exchange differences arising are recognised in
                other comprehensive income.

                Borrowing costs
                Borrowing costs directly attributable to the acquisition, construction or production of qualifying assets,
                which are assets that necessarily take a substantial period of time to get ready for their intended use or
                sale, are added to the cost of those assets, until such time as the assets are substantially ready for their
                intended use or sale.

                Any specific borrowing that remain outstanding after the related asset is ready for its intended use or
                sale is included in the general borrowing pool for calculation of capitalisation rate on general borrowings.
                Investment income earned on the temporary investment of specific borrowings pending their expenditure
                on qualifying assets is deducted from the borrowing costs eligible for capitalisation.

                All other borrowing costs are recognised in profit or loss in the period in which they are incurred.

                Government grants
                Government grants are not recognised until there is reasonable assurance that the Group will comply with
                the conditions attaching to them and that the grants will be received.

                Government grants are recognised in profit or loss on a systematic basis over the periods in which
                the Group recognises as expenses the related costs for which the grants are intended to compensate.
                Specifically, government grants whose primary condition is that the Group should purchase, construct
                or otherwise acquire non-current assets are recognised as a deduction from the carrying amount of the
                relevant asset in the consolidated statement of financial position and transferred to profit or loss on a
                systematic and rational basis over the useful lives of the related assets.

                Government grants related to income that are receivable as compensation for expenses or losses already
                incurred or for the purpose of giving immediate financial support to the Group with no future related costs
                are recognised in profit or loss in the period in which they become receivable. Such grants are presented
                under “other income”.

                Employee benefits
                Retirement benefits costs
                Payments to defined contribution retirement benefit plans/state-managed retirement benefit schemes/the
                Mandatory Provident Fund Scheme are recognised as an expense when employees have rendered service
                entitling them to the contributions.

                Termination benefits
                A liability for a termination benefit is recognised at the earlier of when the Group entity can no longer
                withdraw the offer of the termination benefit and when it recognises any related restructuring costs.




102   SHANGHAI INDUSTRIAL HOLDINGS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                           NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                    For the year ended 31 December 2022




3. BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT
   ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
  3.2 Significant accounting policies (continued)
     Employee benefits (continued)
     Short-term employee benefits
     Short-term employee benefits are recognised at the undiscounted amount of the benefits expected to be
     paid as and when employees rendered the services. All short-term employee benefits are recognised as an
     expense unless another HKFRS requires or permits the inclusion of the benefit in the cost of an asset.

      A liability is recognised for benefits accruing to employees after deducting any amount already paid.

     Taxation
     Income tax expense represents the sum of the tax currently payable and deferred tax.

      The tax currently payable is based on taxable profit for the year. Taxable profit differs from profit before
      taxation because of income or expense that are taxable or deductible in other years and items that are
      never taxable or deductible. The Group’s liability for current tax is calculated using tax rates that have been
      enacted or substantively enacted by the end of the reporting period.

      Deferred tax is recognised on temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities
      in the consolidated financial statements and the corresponding tax bases used in the computation of
      taxable profit. Deferred tax liabilities are generally recognised for all taxable temporary differences. Deferred
      tax assets are generally recognised for all deductible temporary differences to the extent that it is probable
      that taxable profits will be available against which those deductible temporary differences can be utilised.
      Such deferred tax assets and liabilities are not recognised if the temporary difference arises from the initial
      recognition (other than in a business combination) of assets and liabilities in a transaction that affects
      neither the taxable profit nor the accounting profit. In addition, deferred tax liabilities are not recognised if
      the temporary difference arises from the initial recognition of goodwill.

      Deferred tax liabilities are recognised for taxable temporary differences associated with investments in
      subsidiaries and associates, and interests in joint ventures, except where the Group is able to control the
      reversal of the temporary difference and it is probable that the temporary difference will not reverse in the
      foreseeable future. Deferred tax assets arising from deductible temporary differences associated with such
      investments and interests are only recognised to the extent that it is probable that there will be sufficient
      taxable profits against which to utilise the benefits of the temporary differences and they are expected to
      reverse in the foreseeable future.

      The carrying amount of deferred tax assets is reviewed at the end of each reporting period and reduced to
      the extent that it is no longer probable that sufficient taxable profits will be available to allow all or part of
      the asset to be recovered.

      Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured at the tax rates that are expected to apply in the period in
      which the liability is settled or the asset is realised, based on tax rate (and tax laws) that have been enacted
      or substantively enacted by the end of the reporting period.

      The measurement of deferred tax liabilities and assets reflects the tax consequences that would follow
      from the manner in which the Group expects, at the end of the reporting period, to recover or settle the
      carrying amount of its assets and liabilities.

      For the purposes of measuring deferred taxes for investment properties that are measured using the fair
      value model, the carrying amounts of such properties are presumed to be recovered entirely through
      sale, unless the presumption is rebutted. The presumption is rebutted when the investment property is
      depreciable and is held within a business model whose objective is to consume substantially all of the
      economic benefits embodied in the investment property over time, rather than through sale which is
      always presumed to be recovered entirely through sales.




                                                                  SHANGHAI INDUSTRIAL HOLDINGS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022   103
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      For the year ended 31 December 2022




      3. BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT
         ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
           3.2 Significant accounting policies (continued)
                Taxation (continued)
                For the purposes of measuring deferred tax for leasing transactions in which the Group recognises the
                right-of-use assets and the related lease liabilities, the Group first determines whether the tax deductions
                are attributable to the right-of-use assets or the lease liabilities.

                For leasing transactions in which the tax deductions are attributable to the lease liabilities, the Group
                applies HKAS 12 requirements to right-of-use assets and lease liabilities separately. Temporary differences
                relating to right-of-use assets and lease liabilities are not recognised at initial recognition and over the lease
                terms due to application of the initial recognition exemption. Temporary difference arising from subsequent
                revision to the carrying amounts of right-of-use assets and lease liabilities, resulting from remeasurement
                of lease liabilities and lease modification that are not subject to initial recognition exemption are recognised
                on the date of remeasurement or modification.

                Deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset when there is a legally enforceable right to set off current tax
                assets against current tax liabilities and when they relate to income taxes levied to the same taxable entity
                by the same taxation authority.

                Current and deferred tax are recognised in profit or loss, except when they relate to items that are
                recognised in other comprehensive income or directly in equity, in which case, the current and deferred
                tax are also recognised in other comprehensive income or directly in equity respectively. Where current tax
                or deferred tax arises from the initial accounting for a business combination, the tax effect is included in
                the accounting for the business combination.

                Intangible assets
                Intangible assets acquired separately
                Intangible assets with finite useful lives that are acquired separately are carried at cost less accumulated
                amortisation and any accumulated impairment losses. Amortisation for intangible assets with finite useful
                lives is recognised on a straight-line basis over their estimated useful lives. The estimated useful life and
                amortisation method are reviewed at the end of each reporting period, with the effect of any changes in
                estimate being accounted for on a prospective basis. Intangible assets with indefinite useful lives that are
                acquired separately are carried at cost less any subsequent accumulated impairment losses.

                When the Group has a right to charge for usage of concession infrastructure (as a consideration for
                providing construction service in a service concession arrangement), it recognises an intangible asset at
                fair value upon initial recognition. The intangible asset is carried at cost less accumulated amortisation
                and accumulated impairment losses, if any. Amortisation is recognised on a straight-line basis over their
                estimated useful lives. The estimated useful life and amortisation method are reviewed at the end of each
                reporting period, with the effect of any changes in estimate being accounted for on a prospective basis.

                Research expenditure
                Expenditure on research activities is recognised as an expense in the period in which it is incurred.

                Toll road operating rights
                Toll road operating rights are stated at costs less accumulated amortisation and any accumulated
                impairment losses. Amortisation is provided to write off the costs of toll road operating rights on a units-
                of-usage basis, calculated based on the proportion of actual traffic volume for a particular period to the
                projected total traffic volume over the periods for which the Group is granted the rights to operate the toll
                roads.




104   SHANGHAI INDUSTRIAL HOLDINGS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                        NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                For the year ended 31 December 2022




3. BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT
   ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
  3.2 Significant accounting policies (continued)
     Intangible assets (continued)
     Operating concessions
     Operating concessions represent the rights to operate waste water treatment, water supply and waste
     incineration plants and are stated at cost less accumulated amortisation and any accumulated impairment
     losses. Amortisation is provided on the straight-line basis over the respective periods of the operating
     concessions.

     Intangible assets acquired in a business combination
     Intangible assets acquired in a business combination are recognised separately from goodwill and are
     initially recognised at their fair value at the acquisition date (which is regarded as their cost).

      Subsequent to initial recognition, intangible assets acquired in a business combination with finite useful
      lives are reported at costs less accumulated amortisation and any accumulated impairment losses, on
      the same basis as intangible assets that are acquired separately. Intangible assets acquired in a business
      combination with indefinite useful lives are carried at cost less any subsequent accumulated impairment
      loss.

      An intangible asset is derecognised on disposal, or when no future economic benefits are expected from use
      or disposal. Gains or losses arising from derecognition of an intangible asset, measured as the difference
      between the net disposal proceeds and the carrying amount of the asset, are recognised in profit or loss in
      the period when the asset is derecognised.

     Impairment on property, plant and equipment, right-of-use assets, and intangible assets other than goodwill
     At the end of each reporting period, the Group reviews the carrying amounts of its property, plant and
     equipment, right-of-use assets, and intangible assets with finite useful lives to determine whether there
     is any indication that those assets have suffered an impairment loss. If any such indication exists, the
     recoverable amount of the relevant asset is estimated in order to determine the extent of the impairment
     loss, if any. Intangible assets with indefinite useful lives are tested for impairment at least annually, and
     whenever there is an indication that they may be impaired.

      The recoverable amount for property, plant and equipment, right-of-use assets and intangible assets are
      estimated individually. When it is not possible to estimate the recoverable amount individually, the Group
      estimates the recoverable amount of the cash-generating unit to which the asset belongs.

      In testing a cash-generating unit of impairment, corporate assets are allocated to the relevant cash-
      generating units when a reasonable and consistent basis of allocation can be established, or otherwise
      they are allocated to the smallest group of cash-generating units for which a reasonable and consistent
      allocation basis can be established. The recoverable amount is determined for the cash-generating unit or
      group of cash-generating units to which the corporate asset belongs, and is compared with the carrying
      amount of the relevant cash-generating unit or group of cash-generating units.

      Recoverable amount is the higher of fair value less costs of disposal and value in use. In assessing value
      in use, the estimated future cash flows are discounted to their present value using a pre-tax discount rate
      that reflects current market assessments of the time value of money and the risks specific to the asset (or
      a cash-generating unit) for which the estimates of future cash flows have not been adjusted.




                                                              SHANGHAI INDUSTRIAL HOLDINGS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022   105
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      For the year ended 31 December 2022




      3. BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT
         ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
           3.2 Significant accounting policies (continued)
                Impairment on property, plant and equipment, right-of-use assets, and intangible assets other than goodwill
                (continued)
                If the recoverable amount of an asset (or a cash-generating unit) is estimated to be less than its carrying
                amount, the carrying amount of the asset (or cash-generating unit) is reduced to its recoverable amount.
                For corporate assets or portion of corporate assets which cannot be allocated on a reasonable and
                consistent basis to a cash-generating unit, the Group compares the carrying amount of a group of cash-
                generating units, including the carrying amounts of the corporate assets or portion of corporate assets
                allocated to that group of cash-generating units, with the recoverable amount of the group of cash-
                generating units. In allocating the impairment loss, the impairment loss is allocated first to reduce the
                carrying amount of any goodwill (if applicable) and then to the other assets on a pro-rata basis based on
                the carrying amount of each asset in the unit or the group of cash-generating units. The carrying amount
                of an asset is not reduced below the highest of its fair value less costs of disposal (if measurable), its value
                in use (if determinable) and zero. The amount of the impairment loss that would otherwise have been
                allocated to the asset is allocated pro rata to the other assets of the unit or the group of cash-generating
                units. An impairment loss is recognised immediately in profit or loss.

                Where an impairment loss subsequently reverses, the carrying amount of the asset (or a cash-generating
                unit or a group of cash-generating units) is increased to the revised estimate of its recoverable amount,
                but so that the increased carrying amount does not exceed the carrying amount that would have been
                determined had no impairment loss been recognised for the asset (or a cash-generating unit or a group of
                cash-generating units) in prior years. A reversal of an impairment loss is recognised immediately in profit
                or loss.

                Cash and cash equivalents
                Cash and cash equivalents presented on the consolidated statement of financial position include:

                (a) cash, which comprises of cash on hand and demand deposits, excluding bank balances that are
                    subject to regulatory restrictions that result in such balances no longer meeting the definition of cash;
                    and

                (b) cash equivalents, which comprises of short-term (generally with original maturity of three months or
                    less), highly liquid investments that are readily convertible to a known amount of cash and which are
                    subject to an insignificant risk of changes in value and restricted deposits arising from pre-sale of
                    properties that are held for meeting short-term cash commitments. Cash equivalents are held for the
                    purpose of meeting short-term cash commitments rather than for investment or other purposes.

                For the purposes of the consolidated statement of cash flows, cash and cash equivalents consist of cash
                and cash equivalents as defined above.

                Bank balances for which use by the Group is subject to third party contractual restrictions are included
                as part of cash unless the restrictions result in a bank balance no longer meeting the definition of cash.
                Contractual restrictions affecting use of bank balances are disclosed in note 29.




106   SHANGHAI INDUSTRIAL HOLDINGS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                          NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                   For the year ended 31 December 2022




3. BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT
   ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
  3.2 Significant accounting policies (continued)
     Inventories
     Properties under development held for sale and properties held for sale
     Properties under development held for sale which are intended to be sold upon completion of development
     and properties for sale are classified as current assets. Except for the leasehold land element which
     is measured at cost model in accordance with the accounting policies of right-of-use assets upon the
     application of HKFRS 16, properties under development held for sale and properties for sale are carried
     at the lower of cost and net realisable value. Cost is determined on a specific identification basis including
     allocation of the related development expenditure incurred and where appropriate, borrowing costs
     capitalised. Net realisable value represents the estimated selling price for the properties less estimated
     cost to completion and costs necessary to make the sales. Costs necessary to make the sale include
     incremental costs directly attributable to the sale and non-incremental costs which the Group must incur
     to make the sale.

      Properties under development held for sale are transferred to properties for sale upon completion.

     Transfer from inventories to investment properties carried at fair value
     The Group transfers a property from inventories to investment properties when there is a change in use
     to hold the property to earn rentals and/or for capital appreciation rather than for sale in the ordinary
     course of business, which is evidenced by the commencement of an operating lease to another party. Any
     difference between the fair value of the property at the date of transfer and its previous carrying amount is
     recognised in profit or loss.

     Others
     Inventories are stated at the lower of cost and net realisable value. Costs of inventories are determined on
     a weighted average method. Net realisable value represents the estimated selling price for inventories less
     all estimated costs of completion and costs necessary to make the sale. Costs necessary to make the sale
     include incremental costs directly attributable to the sale and non-incremental costs which the Group must
     incur to make the sale.

     Financial instruments
     Financial assets and financial liabilities are recognised when a group entity becomes a party to the
     contractual provisions of the instrument. All regular way purchases or sales of financial assets are
     recognised and derecognised on a trade date basis. Regular way purchases or sales are purchases or
     sales of financial assets that require delivery of assets within the time frame established by regulation or
     convention in the market place.

      Financial assets and financial liabilities are initially measured at fair value except for trade receivables
      arising from contracts with customers which are initially measured in accordance with HKFRS 15.
      Transaction costs that are directly attributable to the acquisition or issue of financial assets and financial
      liabilities (other than financial assets at fair value through profit or loss) are added to or deducted from the
      fair value of the financial assets or financial liabilities, as appropriate, on initial recognition. Transaction
      costs directly attributable to the acquisition of financial assets at fair value through profit or loss are
      recognised immediately in profit or loss.

      The effective interest method is a method of calculating the amortised cost of a financial asset or financial
      liability and of allocating interest income and interest expense over the relevant period. The effective
      interest rate is the rate that exactly discounts estimated future cash receipts and payments (including all
      fees and points paid or received that form an integral part of the effective interest rate, transaction costs
      and other premiums or discounts) through the expected life of the financial asset or financial liability, or,
      where appropriate, a shorter period, to the net carrying amount on initial recognition.

      Interest which are derived from the Group’s ordinary course of business are presented as revenue.




                                                                 SHANGHAI INDUSTRIAL HOLDINGS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022   107
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      For the year ended 31 December 2022




      3. BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT
         ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
           3.2 Significant accounting policies (continued)
                Financial instruments (continued)
                Financial assets
                Classification and subsequent measurement of financial assets
                Financial assets that meet the following conditions are subsequently measured at amortised cost:

                •     the financial asset is held within a business model whose objective is to collect contractual cash flows;
                      and

                •     the contractual terms give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are solely payments of principal
                      and interest on the principal amount outstanding.

                Financial assets that meet the following conditions are subsequently measured at fair value through other
                comprehensive income (“FVTOCI”):

                •     the financial asset is held within a business model whose objective is achieved by both selling and
                      collecting contractual cash flows; and

                •     the contractual terms give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are solely payments of principal
                      and interest on the principal amount outstanding.

                All other financial assets are subsequently measured at FVTPL, except that at initial recognition of a
                financial asset the Group may irrevocably elect to present subsequent changes in fair value of an equity
                investment in other comprehensive income if that equity investment is neither held for trading nor
                contingent consideration recognised by an acquirer in a business combination to which HKFRS 3 “Business
                Combinations” applies.

                A financial asset is held for trading if:

                •     it has been acquired principally for the purpose of selling in the near term; or

                •     on initial recognition it is a part of a portfolio of identified financial instruments that the Group manages
                      together and has a recent actual pattern of short-term profit-taking; or

                •     it is a derivative that is not designated and effective as a hedging instrument.

                In addition, the Group may irrevocably designate a financial asset that is required to be measured at
                the amortised cost or FVTOCI as measured at FVTPL if doing so eliminates or significantly reduces an
                accounting mismatch.

                (i)   Amortised cost and interest income
                      Interest income is recognised using the effective interest method for financial assets measured
                      subsequently at amortised cost. Interest income is calculated by applying the effective interest rate
                      to the gross carrying amount of a financial asset, except for financial assets that have subsequently
                      become credit-impaired (see below). For financial assets that have subsequently become credit-
                      impaired, interest income is recognised by applying the effective interest rate to the amortised cost
                      of the financial asset from the next reporting period. If the credit risk on the credit-impaired financial
                      instrument improves so that the financial asset is no longer credit-impaired, interest income is
                      recognised by applying the effective interest rate to the gross carrying amount of the financial asset
                      from the beginning of the reporting period following the determination that the asset is no longer
                      credit-impaired.




108   SHANGHAI INDUSTRIAL HOLDINGS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                         NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                  For the year ended 31 December 2022




3. BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT
   ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
  3.2 Significant accounting policies (continued)
      Financial instruments (continued)
      Financial assets (continued)
      Classification and subsequent measurement of financial assets (continued)
      (ii) Equity instruments designated as at FVTOCI
           Investments in equity instruments at FVTOCI are subsequently measured at fair value with gains and
           losses arising from changes in fair value recognised in other comprehensive income (“OCI”) and
           accumulated in the investment revaluation reserve; and are not subject to impairment assessment.
           The cumulative gain or loss will not be reclassified to profit or loss on disposal of the equity
           investments, and will be transferred to retained profits.

          Dividends from these investments in equity instruments are recognised in profit or loss when the
          Group’s right to receive the dividends is established, unless the dividends clearly represent a recovery
          of part of the cost of the investment. Dividends are included in the “net investment income” line item
          in profit or loss.

      (iii) Financial assets at FVTPL
            Financial assets that do not meet the criteria for being measured at amortised cost or FVTOCI or
            designated as at FVTOCI are measured at FVTPL.

          Financial assets at FVTPL are measured at fair value at the end of each reporting period, with any
          fair value gains or losses recognised in profit or loss. The net gain or loss recognised in profit or loss
          excludes any dividend or interest earned on the financial asset and is included in the “net investment
          income” line item in profit or loss.

     Impairment of financial assets and other items subject to impairment assessment under HKFRS 9
     The Group performs impairment assessment under ECL model on financial assets (including trade and
     other receivables, receivables under service concession arrangements, pledged bank deposits, short-term
     bank deposits and cash and cash equivalents) and other items (including lease receivables, contract assets
     and financial guarantee contracts) which are subject to impairment assessment under HKFRS 9. The
     amount of ECL is updated at each reporting date to reflect changes in credit risk since initial recognition.

      Lifetime ECL represents the ECL that will result from all possible default events over the expected life of
      the relevant instrument. In contrast, 12-month ECL (“12m ECL”) represents the portion of lifetime ECL
      that is expected to result from default events that are possible within 12 months after the reporting date.
      Assessments are done based on the Group’s historical credit loss experience, adjusted for factors that are
      specific to the debtors, general economic conditions and an assessment of both the current conditions at
      the reporting date as well as the forecast of future conditions.

      The Group always recognises lifetime ECL for trade receivables, contract assets and lease receivables.

      For all other instruments, the Group measures the loss allowance equal to 12m ECL, unless when there
      has been a significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition, in which case the Group recognises
      lifetime ECL. The assessment of whether lifetime ECL should be recognised is based on significant
      increases in the likelihood or risk of a default occurring since initial recognition.




                                                                SHANGHAI INDUSTRIAL HOLDINGS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022   109
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      For the year ended 31 December 2022




      3. BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT
         ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
           3.2 Significant accounting policies (continued)
                Financial instruments (continued)
                Financial assets (continued)
                Impairment of financial assets and other items subject to impairment assessment under HKFRS 9
                (continued)
                (i) Significant increase in credit risk
                    In assessing whether the credit risk has increased significantly since initial recognition, the Group
                    compares the risk of a default occurring on the financial instrument as at the reporting date with the
                    risk of a default occurring on the financial instrument as at the date of initial recognition. In making
                    this assessment, the Group considers both quantitative and qualitative information that is reasonable
                    and supportable, including historical experience and forward-looking information that is available
                    without undue cost or effort.

                     In particular, the following information is taken into account when assessing whether credit risk has
                     increased significantly:

                     •    an actual or expected significant deterioration in the financial instrument’s external (if available)
                          or internal credit rating;

                     •    significant deterioration in external market indicators of credit risk, e.g. a significant increase in
                          the credit spread, the credit default swap prices for the debtor;

                     •    existing or forecast adverse changes in business, financial or economic conditions that are
                          expected to cause a significant decrease in the debtor’s ability to meet its debt obligations;

                     •    an actual or expected significant deterioration in the operating results of the debtor; or

                     •    an actual or expected significant adverse change in the regulatory, economic, or technological
                          environment of the debtor that results in a significant decrease in the debtor’s ability to meet its
                          debt obligations.

                     Irrespective of the outcome of the above assessment, the Group presumes that the credit risk has
                     increased significantly since initial recognition when contractual payments are more than 30 days past
                     due, except as specified below, unless the Group has reasonable and supportable information that
                     demonstrates otherwise.

                     For water-related businesses, the Group presumes that the credit risk on a financial asset has
                     increased significantly since initial recognition when contractual payments are more than 90 days past
                     due for corporate/individual debtors and more than three years for government debtors based on their
                     industry experience.

                     Despite the aforegoing, the Group assumes that the credit risk on a debt instrument has not increased
                     significantly since initial recognition if the debt instrument is determined to have low credit risk at the
                     reporting date. A debt instrument is determined to have low credit risk if i) it has a low risk of default,
                     ii) the borrower has a strong capacity to meet its contractual cash flow obligations in the near term,
                     and iii) adverse changes in economic and business conditions in the longer term may, but will not
                     necessarily, reduce the ability of the borrower to fulfil its contractual cash flow obligations. The Group
                     considers a debt instrument to have low credit risk when it has an internal or external credit rating of
                     ‘investment grade’ as per globally understood definitions.




110   SHANGHAI INDUSTRIAL HOLDINGS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                          NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                    For the year ended 31 December 2022




3. BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT
   ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
  3.2 Significant accounting policies (continued)
     Financial instruments (continued)
     Financial assets (continued)
     Impairment of financial assets and other items subject to impairment assessment under HKFRS 9
     (continued)
     (i) Significant increase in credit risk (continued)
         For financial guarantee contracts, the date that the Group becomes a party to the irrevocable
         commitment is considered to be the date of initial recognition for the purposes of assessing
         impairment. In assessing whether there has been a significant increase in the credit risk since initial
         recognition of financial guarantee contracts, the Group considers changes in the risk of that the
         specified debtor will default on the contract.

          The Group regularly monitors the effectiveness of the criteria used to identify whether there has been
          a significant increase in credit risk and revises them as appropriate to ensure that the criteria are
          capable of identifying significant increase in credit risk before the amount becomes past due.

      (ii) Definition of default
           For internal credit risk management, the Group considers an event of default occurs when information
           developed internally or obtained from external sources indicates that the debtor is unlikely to pay its
           creditors, including the Group, in full (without taking into account any collaterals held by the Group).

          Irrespective of the above, the Group considers that default has occurred when a financial asset is more
          than 90 days past due, unless the Group has reasonable and supportable information to demonstrate
          that a more lagging default criterion is more appropriate.

          For water-related businesses, the Group considers that default has occurred when a financial asset is
          more than one year past due for corporate/individual debtors and more than five years for government
          debtors based on their industry knowledge.

      (iii) Credit-impaired financial assets
            A financial asset is credit-impaired when one or more events that have a detrimental impact on the
            estimated future cash flows of that financial asset have occurred. Evidence that a financial asset is
            credit-impaired includes observable data about the following events:

          (a) significant financial difficulty of the issuer or the borrower;

          (b) a breach of contract, such as a default or past due event;

          (c) the lender(s) of the borrower, for economic or contractual reasons relating to the borrower’s
              financial difficulty, having granted to the borrower a concession(s) that the lender(s) would not
              otherwise consider; or

          (d) it is becoming probable that the borrower will enter bankruptcy or other financial reorganisation.

      (iv) Write-off policy
           The Group writes off a financial asset when there is information indicating that the counterparty is
           in severe financial difficulty and there is no realistic prospect of recovery, for example, when the
           counterparty has been placed under liquidation or has entered into bankruptcy proceedings. Financial
           assets written off may still be subject to enforcement activities under the Group’s recovery procedures,
           taking into account legal advice where appropriate. A write-off constitutes a derecognition event. Any
           subsequent recoveries are recognised in profit or loss.




                                                                  SHANGHAI INDUSTRIAL HOLDINGS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022   111
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      For the year ended 31 December 2022




      3. BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT
         ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
           3.2 Significant accounting policies (continued)
                Financial instruments (continued)
                Financial assets (continued)
                Impairment of financial assets and other items subject to impairment assessment under HKFRS 9
                (continued)
                (v) Measurement and recognition of ECL
                    The measurement of ECL is a function of the probability of default, loss given default (i.e. the
                    magnitude of the loss if there is a default) and the exposure at default. The assessment of the
                    probability of default and loss given default is based on historical data adjusted by forward-looking
                    information. Estimation of ECL reflects an unbiased and probability-weighted amount that is
                    determined with the respective risks of default occurring as the weights. The Group uses a practical
                    expedient in estimating ECL on trade receivables using a provision matrix taking into consideration
                    historical credit loss experience, adjusted for forward looking information that is available without
                    undue cost or effort.

                     Generally, the ECL is the difference between all contractual cash flows that are due to the Group in
                     accordance with the contract and the cash flows that the Group expects to receive, discounted at the
                     effective interest rate determined at initial recognition. For a lease receivable, the cash flows used
                     for determining the ECL is consistent with the cash flows used in measuring the lease receivable in
                     accordance with HKFRS 16.

                     For a financial guarantee contract, the Group is required to make payments only in the event of a
                     default by the debtor in accordance with the terms of the instrument that is guaranteed. Accordingly,
                     the expected losses is the present value of the expected payments to reimburse the holder for a credit
                     loss that it incurs less any amounts that the Group expects to receive from the holder, the debtor or
                     any other party.

                     Lifetime ECL for certain trade receivables and contract assets are considered on a collective basis
                     taking into consideration past due information and relevant credit information such as forward looking
                     macroeconomic information.

                     For collective assessment, the Group takes into consideration the following characteristics when
                     formulating the grouping:

                     •    Past-due status;

                     •    Nature, size and industry of debtors; and

                     •    External credit ratings where available.

                     The grouping is regularly reviewed by management to ensure the constituents of each group continue
                     to share similar credit risk characteristics.

                     Interest income is calculated based on the gross carrying amount of the financial asset unless the
                     financial asset is credit-impaired, in which case interest income is calculated based on amortised cost
                     of the financial asset.

                     Except for financial guarantee contracts, the Group recognises an impairment gain or loss in profit
                     or loss for all financial instruments by adjusting their carrying amount, with the exception of trade
                     receivables, lease receivables and contract assets where the corresponding adjustment is recognised
                     through a loss allowance account.




112   SHANGHAI INDUSTRIAL HOLDINGS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                         NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                  For the year ended 31 December 2022




3. BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT
   ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
  3.2 Significant accounting policies (continued)
     Financial instruments (continued)
     Financial assets (continued)
     Derecognition of financial assets
     The Group derecognises a financial asset only when the contractual rights to the cash flows from the asset
     expire, or when it transfers the financial asset and substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership of
     the asset to another entity. If the Group neither transfers nor retains substantially all the risks and rewards
     of ownership and continues to control the transferred asset, the Group recognises its retained interest in
     the asset and an associated liability for amounts it may have to pay. If the Group retains substantially all
     the risks and rewards of ownership of a transferred financial asset, the Group continues to recognise the
     financial asset and also recognises a collateralised borrowing for the proceeds received.

      On derecognition of a financial asset measured at amortised cost, the difference between the asset’s
      carrying amount and the sum of the consideration received and receivable is recognised in profit or loss.

      On derecognition of an investment in equity instrument which the Group has elected on initial recognition
      to measure at FVTOCI, the cumulative gain or loss previously accumulated in the investment revaluation
      reserve is not reclassified to profit or loss, but is transferred to retained profits.

     Financial liabilities and equity instruments
     Classification as debt or equity
     Debt and equity instruments are classified as either financial liabilities or as equity in accordance with
     the substance of the contractual arrangements and the definitions of a financial liability and an equity
     instrument.

     Equity instruments
     An equity instrument is any contract that evidences a residual interest in the assets of an entity after
     deducting all of its liabilities. Equity instruments issued by the Company are recognised at the proceeds
     received, net of direct issue costs.

      Perpetual instruments, which include no contractual obligation for the Group to deliver cash or other
      financial assets or the Group has the sole discretion to defer payment of distribution and redemption of
      principal amount indefinitely are classified as equity instruments.

      Repurchase of the Company’s own equity instruments is recognised and deducted directly in equity. No
      gain or loss is recognised in profit or loss on the purchase, sale, issue or cancellation of the Company’s
      own equity instruments.

     Financial liabilities
     All financial liabilities are subsequently measured at amortised cost using the effective interest method.

      Financial liabilities at amortised cost
      Financial liabilities, including trade and other payables and bank and other borrowings, are subsequently
      measured at amortised cost, using the effective interest method.




                                                                SHANGHAI INDUSTRIAL HOLDINGS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022   113
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      For the year ended 31 December 2022




      3. BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT
         ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
           3.2 Significant accounting policies (continued)
                Financial instruments (continued)
                Financial liabilities and equity instruments (continued)
                Financial liabilities (continued)
                Financial guarantee contracts
                A financial guarantee contract is a contract that requires the issuer to make specified payments to
                reimburse the holder for a loss it incurs because a specified debtor fails to make payment when due in
                accordance with the terms of a debt instrument. Financial guarantee contracts issued by the Group are
                initially measured at their fair values. They are subsequently measured at the higher of:

                •    the amount of the loss allowance determined in accordance with HKFRS 9; and

                •    the amount initially recognised less, where appropriate, cumulative amortisation recognised over the
                     guarantee period.

                Derecognition of financial liabilities
                The Group derecognises financial liabilities when, and only when, the Group’s obligations are discharged,
                cancelled or have expired. The difference between the carrying amount of the financial liability
                derecognised and the consideration paid and payable is recognised in profit or loss.

                Provisions
                Provisions are recognised when the Group has a present obligation (legal or constructive) as a result of a
                past event, and it is probable that the Group will be required to settle that obligation, and a reliable estimate
                can be made of the amount of the obligation.

                The amount recognised as a provision, including those arising from the contractual obligation specified
                in the service concession arrangement to maintain or restore the infrastructure before it is handed over to
                the grantor, is the best estimate of the consideration required to settle the present obligation at the end of
                the reporting period, taking into account the risks and uncertainties surrounding the obligation. When a
                provision is measured using the cash flows estimated to settle the present obligation, its carrying amount is
                the present value of those cash flows (where the effect of the time value of money is material).

                Provisions for maintenance of infrastructure under service concession arrangements
                The Group has contractual obligations that it must fulfill as a condition of its licence to maintain the
                infrastructure to a specified level of serviceability during the service concession arrangements. These
                contractual obligations to maintain infrastructure, except for any upgrade element, is recognised and
                measured at the best estimate of the expenditure that would be required to settle the present obligation at
                the end of each reporting period in the consolidated statement of financial position.

                Contingent liabilities
                A contingent liability is a present obligation arising from past events but is not recognised because it is not
                probable that an outflow of resources embodying economic benefits will be required to settle the obligation
                or the amount of the obligation cannot be measured with sufficient reliability.

                Where the Group is jointly and severally liable for an obligation, the part of the obligation that is expected
                to be met by other parties is treated as a contingent liability and it is not recognised in the consolidated
                financial statements.

                The Group assesses continually to determine whether an outflow of resources embodying economic
                benefits has become probable. If it becomes probable that an outflow of future economic benefits will
                be required for an item previously dealt with as a contingent liability, a provision is recognised in the
                consolidated financial statements in the reporting period in which the change in probability occurs except
                in the extremely rare circumstances where no reliable estimate can be made.




114   SHANGHAI INDUSTRIAL HOLDINGS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                          NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                    For the year ended 31 December 2022




3. BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT
   ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
  3.2 Significant accounting policies (continued)
     Perpetual bonds
     Perpetual bonds issued by the Group are classified as equity instruments as they do not include the
     contractual obligation: (i) to deliver cash or another financial asset to another entity; or (ii) to exchange
     financial asset or financial liability with another entity under conditions that are potentially unfavourable to
     the issuer.

      The interest expenses of perpetual bonds classified as equity instruments are treated as profit distribution
      of the Group. The repurchase or cancellation of these instruments is treated as change in equity. The
      related transaction costs are deducted from equity.

     Equity-settled share-based payment transactions
     Share options granted to employees
     Equity-settled share-based payments to employees and others providing similar services are measured at
     the fair value of the equity instruments at the grant date.

      The fair value of the equity-settled share-based payments determined at the grant date without taking into
      consideration all non-market vesting conditions is expensed on a straight-line basis over the vesting period,
      based on the Group’s estimate of equity instruments that will eventually vest, with a corresponding increase
      in equity (share options reserve). At the end of each reporting period, the Group revises its estimates of the
      number of options that are expected to ultimately vest based on assessment of all relevant non-marketing
      vesting conditions. The impact of the revision of the original estimates, if any, is recognised in profit or loss
      such that the cumulative expense reflects the revised estimate, with a corresponding adjustment to share
      options reserve.

      For grant of share options that vest immediately at the date of grant, the fair value of the share options
      granted is expensed immediately to profit or loss.

      When the share options are exercised, the amount previously recognised in share options reserve will
      be transferred to share capital. When the share options are forfeited after the vesting date or are still not
      exercised at the expiry date, the amount previously recognised in share options reserve will be transferred
      to retained profits.

      In case of share options granted by a subsidiary, the share options reserve of the subsidiary is classified
      as and grouped under non-controlling interests by the Group on consolidation. At the time when the share
      options are exercised, the amount previously recognised in share options reserve will be transferred to
      share premium of that subsidiary. The Group will account for the dilution as an equity transaction if the
      exercise of share options does not constitute a loss of the Group’s control over that subsidiary. When the
      share options are forfeited after the vesting date or are still not exercised at the expiry date, the amount
      previously recognised in share options reserve will be transferred to retained profits of the Group and non-
      controlling interests’ share of net assets of that subsidiary according to the proportion of interests held by
      the Group and non-controlling shareholders on consolidation.




                                                                  SHANGHAI INDUSTRIAL HOLDINGS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022   115
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      For the year ended 31 December 2022




      4. CRITICAL ACCOUNTING JUDGMENTS AND KEY SOURCES OF ESTIMATION UNCERTAINTY
           In the application of the Group’s accounting policies, which are described in note 3.2, the directors of the
           Company are required to make judgments, estimates and assumptions about the carrying amounts of assets
           and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. The estimates and associated assumptions are
           based on historical experience and other factors that are considered to be relevant. Actual results may differ
           from these estimates.

           The estimates and underlying assumptions are reviewed on an on-going basis. Revisions to accounting estimates
           are recognised in the period in which the estimate is revised if the revision affects only that period, or in the
           period of the revision and future periods if the revision affects both current and future periods.

           Critical judgments in applying accounting policies
           The followings are the critical judgments, apart from those involving estimations (see below), that the directors
           of the Company have made in the process of applying the Group’s accounting policies and that have the most
           significant effect on the amounts recognised in the consolidated financial statements.

           Control over non-wholly owned listed subsidiaries
           Note 50 describes that the Group held less than a majority of ownership interest and voting rights in its non-
           wholly owned listed subsidiaries as at 31 December 2022.

           The directors of the Company assessed whether or not the Group has control over SIIC Environment Holdings
           Ltd (“SIIC Environment”), SI Urban Development and SI Development throughout the year ended 31 December
           2022, based on whether the Group has the practical ability to direct the relevant activities of these non-wholly
           owned listed subsidiaries unilaterally by considering the Group’s absolute size of holding in them, the relative
           size and dispersion of holdings of other shareholders and the practical right to appoint the majority members
           of the board of directors of these non-wholly owned listed subsidiaries. After their assessments, the directors
           of the Company concluded that the Group has the current ability to direct the relevant activities of these non-
           wholly owned listed subsidiaries and affect the amount of the Group’s return. Therefore, the Group has control
           over these non-wholly owned listed subsidiaries throughout the whole year ended 31 December 2022.

           Deferred taxation on investment properties
           For the purpose of measuring deferred taxation arising from investment properties that are measured using the
           fair value model, the directors of the Company have reviewed the Group’s investment property portfolios and
           concluded that certain of the Group’s investment properties are held under a business model whose objective is
           to consume substantially all of the economic benefits embodied in the investment properties over time, rather
           than through sale. Therefore, in determining the Group’s deferred taxation on certain investment properties, the
           directors have determined that the presumption that the carrying amounts of investment properties measured
           using the fair value model are recovered entirely through sale is rebutted for such properties. For the properties
           on which the ‘sale’ presumption is not rebutted, the Group has further recognised deferred taxes on changes in
           fair value of investment properties in relation to PRC LAT, which is the additional tax to be charged if a property
           in the PRC is recovered through sale.

           Key sources of estimation uncertainty
           The followings are the key assumptions concerning the future, and other key sources of estimation uncertainty
           at the end of the reporting period, that may have a significant risk of causing a material adjustment to the
           carrying amounts of assets and liabilities within the next financial year.




116   SHANGHAI INDUSTRIAL HOLDINGS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                          NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                  For the year ended 31 December 2022




4. CRITICAL ACCOUNTING JUDGMENTS AND KEY SOURCES OF ESTIMATION UNCERTAINTY
   (continued)
  Key sources of estimation uncertainty (continued)
  Fair values of investment properties
  The fair values of the investment properties are determined by reference to valuations conducted on these
  properties by independent property valuers using property valuation techniques which involve certain
  assumptions of prevailing market conditions as set out in note 14. In relying on the valuation reports prepared
  by the independent professional qualified valuers, the directors of the Company have exercised their judgment
  and are satisfied that the method of valuation is reflective of the current market conditions. Changes to the
  assumptions, including the potential risk of any market violation, policy, geopolitical and social changes or
  other unexpected incidents as a result of change in macroeconomic environment, would result in changes in
  the fair values of the Group’s investment properties and the corresponding adjustments to the amount of gain
  or loss reported in the consolidated statement of profit or loss.

  Investment properties in the consolidated statement of financial position at 31 December 2022 are carried at
  their fair values of approximately HK$29,798 million (2021: HK$28,985 million).

  Allowance for properties under development and properties held for sale
  Management regularly reviews the recoverability of the Group’s properties under development and properties
  held for sale with reference to the current market environment whenever events or changes in circumstances
  indicate that the carrying amounts of the assets exceed their recoverable amounts. Appropriate allowance for
  properties under development and properties held for sale is made if the estimated recoverable amount is
  lower than its carrying amount. As at 31 December 2022, the aggregate carrying amount of properties under
  development and properties held for sale was approximately HK$38,881 million (2021: HK$51,714 million).

  During the current year, the management of the Group identified certain properties held for sale with
  impairment indicators (the “Concerned PHFS”) by reference to the cities and locations where the PHFS
  are located, the pre-sale status and other relevant market factors. The management of the Group assessed
  the net realisable values of the Concerned PHFS as at 31 December 2022, with reference to the valuation
  reports prepared by professional valuers (the “Valuers”). The valuations are dependent on certain key inputs
  that involve judgment and estimation made by the management of the Group together with the Valuers
  including, among other factors, transaction price of comparable properties in the similar or same locations and
  adjustments made according to nature of each property and its specific location and conditions. As disclosed
  in note 26, the Group has PHFS of approximately HK$15,478 million (2021: HK$12,684 million) as at 31
  December 2022, of which an amount of approximately HK$1,735 million (2021: HK$1,917 million) is referring
  to as the Concerned PHFS. The reversal of impairment loss in respect of the Concerned PHFS amounting to
  approximately HK$0.2 million (2021: HK$ nil) has been recognised for the year ended 31 December 2022.

  The management of the Group also provided impairment loss in respect of certain properties under
  development held for sale amounting to approximately HK$14 million (2021: HK$910 million) during the year,
  because the unit sale price is lower than the unit cost with reference to the comparable market prices.

  PRC LAT
  PRC LAT is levied at progressive rates ranging from 30% to 60% on the appreciation of land value for both
  years, being the proceeds of sales of properties less deductible expenditures including costs of land use rights,
  borrowing costs and all property development expenditures.




                                                                SHANGHAI INDUSTRIAL HOLDINGS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022   117
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      For the year ended 31 December 2022




      4. CRITICAL ACCOUNTING JUDGMENTS AND KEY SOURCES OF ESTIMATION UNCERTAINTY
         (continued)
           Key sources of estimation uncertainty (continued)
           PRC LAT (continued)
           The Group is subject to LAT in the PRC which has been included in income tax expense of the Group.
           However, the Group has not finalised its LAT returns with the tax authorities for certain of its property
           development projects. Accordingly, significant judgment is required in determining the amount of land
           appreciation and its related taxes. The ultimate tax determination is uncertain during the ordinary course of
           business.

           The Group recognises these liabilities based on management’s best estimates. Where the final tax outcome
           of these matters is different from the amounts that were initially recorded, such differences will impact the
           income tax expense and deferred income tax provisions in the period in which such determination is made. As
           at 31 December 2022, the carrying amount of LAT provision (included in taxation payable) was approximately
           HK$2,147 million (2021: HK$3,614 million).

           Provision of ECL for trade receivables and contract assets
           The Group uses provision matrix to calculate ECL for the trade receivables and contract assets. The provision
           rates are based on shared characteristics including historical credit loss experience, industry specific factors to
           the debtors and general economic conditions. The provision matrix is based on the Group’s historical default
           rates taking into consideration forward-looking information that is reasonable and supportable available without
           undue costs or effort. At every reporting date, the historical observed default rates are reassessed and changes
           in the forward-looking information are considered. In addition, trade receivables and contract assets with
           significant balances and credit-impaired are assessed for ECL individually.

           The provision of ECL is sensitive to changes in estimates. The information about the ECL and the Group’s trade
           receivables and contract assets are disclosed in notes 55(b), 27 and 28.

           Estimation of contract revenue and costs
           The Group recognised contract revenue from construction works by progress towards complete satisfaction
           of a performance obligation based on input method. The management estimates the efforts or inputs to
           the satisfaction of a performance obligation relative to the total expected inputs to the satisfaction of that
           performance obligation by reviewing and revising the estimates to the costs of the performance obligation. The
           actual outcome of the contract in terms of its total revenue and costs may be higher or lower than the estimations
           and this will affect the revenue and profit recognised.

           Fair value measurements and valuation processes
           Some of the Group’s assets are measured at fair value for financial reporting purposes. Management of
           the Group is responsible for determination of the appropriate valuation techniques and inputs for fair value
           measurements.

           In estimating the fair value of an asset, the Group uses market-observable data to the extent it is available.
           Where Level 1 inputs are not available, the Group engages third party qualified valuers to perform the valuation.
           Management of the Group works closely with the qualified external valuers to establish the appropriate
           valuation techniques and inputs to the model on a regular basis, or when needs arise, and will report the
           significant results and findings to the board of directors of the Company. The Group uses valuation techniques
           that include inputs that are not based on observable market data to estimate the fair value of certain types of
           financial instruments. Notes 14 and 55(c) provide detailed information about the valuation techniques, inputs
           and key assumptions used in the determination of the fair values of various assets and liabilities.




118   SHANGHAI INDUSTRIAL HOLDINGS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                          NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                   For the year ended 31 December 2022




5. REVENUE
  (i) Disaggregation of revenue

                                                               For the year ended 31 December 2022
                                                 Infrastructure              Real      Consumer
                                                      facilities           estate       products              Total
                                                      HK$’000           HK$’000         HK$’000            HK$’000
       Types of goods or services

       Sales of goods and services
         – sales of properties                              –       14,795,394                  –       14,795,394
         – sales of goods                                   –                –          3,075,693        3,075,693
       Income from infrastructure facilities,
         other than financial income from
         service concession arrangements
         – toll road operation                     1,442,417                   –                 –       1,442,417
         – water-related services
            – operating, maintenance and
               other income                        4,183,327                   –                 –       4,183,327
            – construction income from
               construction contracts              3,998,010                   –                 –       3,998,010
       Ancillary facilities, property services
         and management income                              –        1,320,444                   –       1,320,444
       Income from hotel operations                         –          203,272                   –         203,272
       Revenue from goods and services             9,623,754        16,319,110          3,075,693       29,018,557
       Financial income from service
          concession arrangements                  1,453,152                 –                   –       1,453,152
       Rental income                                       –           876,883                   –         876,883
       Total                                      11,076,906        17,195,993          3,075,693       31,348,592
       Timing of revenue recognition of
         revenue from goods and services
       A point in time                             4,017,223        14,795,394          3,075,693       21,888,310
       Overtime                                    5,606,531         1,523,716                  –        7,130,247
                                                   9,623,754        16,319,110          3,075,693       29,018,557




                                                                SHANGHAI INDUSTRIAL HOLDINGS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022   119
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      For the year ended 31 December 2022




      5. REVENUE (continued)
           (i) Disaggregation of revenue (continued)

                                                                              For the year ended 31 December 2021
                                                                Infrastructure              Real     Consumer
                                                                      facilities          estate      products          Total
                                                                     HK$’000           HK$’000        HK$’000        HK$’000
                 Types of goods or services

                 Sales of goods and services
                   – sales of properties                                   –     20,416,851               –     20,416,851
                   – sales of goods                                        –              –       4,047,033      4,047,033
                 Income from infrastructure facilities,
                   other than financial income from
                   service concession arrangements
                   – toll road operation                          2,154,697                –               –        2,154,697
                   – water-related services
                      – operating, maintenance and
                         other income                             4,035,178                –               –        4,035,178
                      – construction income from
                         construction contracts                   3,331,340                –               –        3,331,340
                 Ancillary facilities, property services
                   and management income                                   –      1,875,446                –        1,875,446
                 Income from hotel operations                              –        246,949                –          246,949
                 Revenue from goods and services                  9,521,215      22,539,246       4,047,033     36,107,494
                 Financial income from service
                    concession arrangements                       1,392,722               –                –        1,392,722
                 Rental income                                            –       1,247,735                –        1,247,735
                 Total                                           10,913,937      23,786,981       4,047,033     38,747,951
                 Timing of revenue recognition of
                   revenue from goods and services
                 A point in time                                  3,773,341      20,416,851       4,047,033     28,237,225
                 Overtime                                         5,747,874       2,122,395               –      7,870,269
                                                                  9,521,215      22,539,246       4,047,033     36,107,494




120   SHANGHAI INDUSTRIAL HOLDINGS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                          NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                   For the year ended 31 December 2022




5. REVENUE (continued)
   (ii) Performance obligations for contracts with customers
      Infrastructure facilities
      The Group’s revenue from infrastructure facilities segment represents i) toll road fee income, and ii)
      income from water-related businesses, comprising operating and maintenance income from service
      concession arrangements and other service income and construction income.

       Toll road fee income and other service income are recognised over time using the output method by
       reference to the progress towards complete satisfaction of the relevant performance obligation, as the
       customer simultaneously receives and consumes the benefit provided by the Group’s performance.

       Revenue from operating and maintenance income from water-related businesses under service concession
       arrangements is recognised at a point in time when the Group has transmitted to the customers and the
       customers accepted the water supplied or when the wastewater treatment service is rendered.

       Construction service income is recognised as a performance obligation satisfied over time as the Group
       creates or enhances an asset that the customer controls as the asset is created or enhanced. Revenue is
       recognised for these construction services based on the stage of completion of the contract using the input
       method.

      Real estate
      The Group’s revenue under real estate segment represents income from sales of properties, ancillary
      facilities, property services and management and hotel operations.

       Revenue from sales of properties is recognised at a point in time. Under the transfer-of-control approach
       in HKFRS 15, revenue from sales of properties is recognised when the respective properties have been
       completed and delivered to the customers, which is a point in time when customers have the ability to
       direct the use of the properties and obtain substantially all of the remaining benefits of the properties.
       Deposits received from customers prior to meeting the aforementioned revenue recognition criteria are
       regarded as contract liabilities.

       Revenue from provision of ancillary facilities and property management services is recognised over time
       by reference to the progress towards complete satisfaction of the relevant performance obligation as the
       customers simultaneously receive and consume the benefits provided by the Group when the Group
       renders the service.

       Revenue from hotel operations is recognised over time. The Group’s performance obligations in relation
       to the hotel operations mainly represent granting customers a right to access hotels’ facilities, products
       and services. The customers simultaneously receive and consume the benefits provided by the Group in
       running the hotels.

       Revenue from rental income is recognised overtime on a straight-line basis over the lease term.

      Consumer products
      The Group’s revenue from consumer products segment represents income from the manufacture and
      sales of cigarettes, packaging materials and printed products and is recognised at a point in time.

       Under the transfer-of-control approach in HKFRS 15, revenue from sales of consumer products is
       recognised when the products are delivered and titles are passed to customers, which is the point of time
       when the control of products is transferred to the customer and the customer has the ability to direct the use
       of the products and obtain substantially all of the remaining benefits of the products.




                                                                 SHANGHAI INDUSTRIAL HOLDINGS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022   121
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      For the year ended 31 December 2022




      5. REVENUE (continued)
           (iii) Transaction price allocated to the remaining performance obligations for contracts with customers
                The Group has elected to apply the practical expedient under HKFRS 15 for not to disclose the information
                of remaining performance obligations which are part of a contract that has an original expected duration
                of one year or less; or from satisfaction of which the Group recognises revenue in the amount, which
                the Group has the right to invoice, that corresponds directly with the value to the customers of the
                Group’s performance completed to date. The transaction price allocated to the remaining performance
                obligations where the aforementioned practical expedients are not applicable as at 31 December 2022
                was HK$9,000,814,000 (2021: HK$11,026,569,000), which relates to contracts of sales of properties.
                This amount represents the revenue expected to be recognised by the Group in the future when it satisfies
                the remaining performance obligations and around 78.7% (2021: 81.9%) is expected to be recognised as
                revenue within one year.

           (iv) Leases

                                                                                                2022              2021
                                                                                              HK$’000           HK$’000
                 Total revenue arising from operating leases:
                 Lease payments that are fixed                                                876,883          1,247,735


      6. NET INVESTMENT INCOME

                                                                                                2022              2021
                                                                                              HK$’000           HK$’000
            Interest on bank deposits                                                         215,178           318,103
            Interest on financial assets at FVTPL                                                 349             2,922
            Other interest income                                                             253,861           102,308
            Total interest income                                                             469,388            423,333
            Change in fair value of financial assets at FVTPL                                (120,682)          (100,022)
            Dividend income from equity investments                                             9,045             47,875
            Rental income from property, plant and equipment                                    1,206              1,719
                                                                                              358,957           372,905

           Net investment income earned from financial assets, analysed by category of asset, is as follows:

                                                                                                2022              2021
                                                                                              HK$’000           HK$’000
            Financial assets at FVTPL                                                        (111,288)          (49,225)
            Financial assets at amortised cost (including cash and cash equivalents)          469,039           420,411
                                                                                              357,751           371,186
            Investment income earned on non-financial assets                                    1,206             1,719
                                                                                              358,957           372,905

           Included above is net loss from listed investments of HK$115,873,000 (2021: HK$82,911,000) and net
           income from unlisted investments of HK$4,585,000 (2021: HK$33,686,000).




122   SHANGHAI INDUSTRIAL HOLDINGS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                          NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                For the year ended 31 December 2022




7. FINANCE COSTS

                                                                                       2022                2021
                                                                                     HK$’000             HK$’000
    Interests on bank and other borrowings                                         2,812,766           2,534,323
    Interests on lease liabilities                                                    12,897              15,241
                                                                                   2,825,663           2,549,564
    Less: amounts capitalised in properties under development held for sale         (958,857)           (867,799)
                                                                                   1,866,806           1,681,765

   Borrowing costs capitalised during the year arose on the general borrowings pool and are calculated by
   applying capitalisation rates ranging from 3.80% to 4.72% (2021: 3.61% to 6.09%), per annum to expenditure
   on qualifying assets.

8. NET (LOSS) GAIN ON LIQUIDATION/DISPOSAL OF SUBSIDIARIES/INTEREST IN AN ASSOCIATE

                                                                                       2022                2021
                                                                                     HK$’000             HK$’000
    Gain on disposal of subsidiaries (note 40)                                         2,890           1,304,032
    Loss on liquidation of a subsidiary (note 41)                                   (244,831)                  –
    Gain on disposal of interest in an associate                                           –              53,151
                                                                                    (241,941)          1,357,183


9. INCOME TAX EXPENSE

                                                                                       2022                2021
                                                                                     HK$’000             HK$’000
    Current tax
      – Hong Kong                                                                     47,031             119,789
      – PRC LAT                                                                      854,111           2,977,339
      – PRC EIT (including PRC withholding tax of HK$76,151,000
        (2021: HK$33,575,000))                                                     1,355,410           3,403,476
                                                                                   2,256,552           6,500,604
    Under(over)provision in prior years
      – Hong Kong                                                                      1,706               (4,006)
       –PRC LAT                                                                      (23,366)                   –
      – PRC EIT                                                                     (120,926)               2,430
                                                                                    (142,586)              (1,576)
    Deferred taxation for the year (note 25)                                          67,342             134,020
                                                                                   2,181,308           6,633,048




                                                              SHANGHAI INDUSTRIAL HOLDINGS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022   123
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      For the year ended 31 December 2022




      9. INCOME TAX EXPENSE (continued)
           The income tax expense for the year can be reconciled to the profit before taxation per the consolidated
           statement of profit or loss as follows:

                                                                                                                            2022                    2021
                                                                                                                          HK$’000                 HK$’000
              Profit before taxation                                                                                   5,511,078              10,746,014
              Tax at PRC statutory tax rate of 25%                                                                     1,377,770                2,686,504
              Derecognition of deferred tax liabilities due to change in
                 tax rate of LAT for certain properties sold                                                               (9,635)                (70,157)
              Effect of different tax rates of subsidiaries                                                               (65,349)                (97,292)
              Effect of PRC subsidiaries subject to a lower tax rate                                                      (74,649)                (89,400)
              (Over)underprovision of PRC EIT in prior years                                                             (120,926)                  2,430
              Overprovision of PRC LAT in prior years                                                                     (23,366)                      –
              Under(over)provision of Hong Kong Profits Tax in prior years                                                  1,706                  (4,006)
              Provision for PRC LAT for the year                                                                          883,922               3,131,707
              Tax effect of expenses not deductible for tax purpose                                                       546,230               2,077,058
              Tax effect of income not taxable for tax purpose                                                            (30,909)               (453,379)
              Tax effect of share of results of joint ventures and associates                                            (107,973)               (171,453)
              Tax effect of PRC LAT deductible for PRC EIT                                                               (220,981)               (782,927)
              Tax effect on dividend withholding tax                                                                       12,097                 141,630
              Tax effect of tax losses not recognised as deferred tax assets                                               70,975                 343,825
              Utilisation of tax losses previously not recognised as deferred tax assets                                  (70,985)               (144,832)
              Others                                                                                                       13,381                  63,340
              Income tax expense for the year                                                                          2,181,308                6,633,048

           Notes:

           (i)     Hong Kong Profits Tax is calculated at 16.5% of the estimated assessable profit for both years.

           (ii)    Under the law of the PRC on EIT (the” EIT Law”) and Implementation Regulation of the EIT Law, the Group’s subsidiaries in the PRC
                   are subject to PRC EIT at a rate of 25% for both years, except that (i) seven (2021: seven) PRC subsidiaries are qualified as High New
                   Technology Enterprises and enjoy a preferential tax rate of 15% for the current year (the preferential tax rate is applicable for three years
                   from the date of grant and subject to approval for renewal) and (ii) certain PRC subsidiaries, engaging in public infrastructure projects,
                   are entitled to full exemption from PRC EIT for the first three years and a 50% reduction in PRC EIT for the next three years from the first
                   year of generating operating income.

           (iii)   PRC LAT is levied at progressive rates ranging from 30% to 60% on the appreciation of land value, being the proceeds of sale of
                   properties less deductible expenditures including cost of land use rights, borrowing costs and all qualified property development
                   expenditures.




124   SHANGHAI INDUSTRIAL HOLDINGS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                           NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                     For the year ended 31 December 2022




10. PROFIT FOR THE YEAR

                                                                                            2022                2021
                                                                                          HK$’000             HK$’000
    Profit for the year has been arrived at after charging:

    Employee benefits expense, including directors’ emoluments:
      Basic salaries, allowances and bonus                                              1,941,677           1,886,967
      Retirement benefits scheme contributions                                            296,064             287,697
                                                                                        2,237,741           2,174,664
    Amortisation of toll road operating rights (included in cost of sales)                533,375             760,504
    Amortisation of other intangible assets (included in cost of sales)                   403,029             355,356
    Depreciation of property, plant and equipment                                         498,598             505,414
    Depreciation of right-of-use assets                                                    70,815              97,557
    Total depreciation and amortisation                                                 1,505,817           1,718,831
    Auditors’ remuneration                                                                 20,447               19,683
    Cost of inventories recognised as an expense
      – properties                                                                    11,287,431           11,610,158
      – inventories, other than properties                                             1,896,235            2,437,207
    Impairment loss on trade receivables (included in other income,
      gains and losses)                                                                    28,972             253,820
    Impairment loss on other receivables (included in other income,
      gains and losses) (Note ii)                                                          11,831           2,215,205
    Impairment loss on properties held for sale (included in cost of sales)                55,448                   –
    Impairment loss on properties under development held for sale
      (included in cost of sales)                                                          13,806             909,692
    Impairment loss on contract assets (included in other income,
      gains and losses) (Note ii)                                                                 –           368,047
    Impairment loss on goodwill (included in other income, gains
      and losses)                                                                               –             265,052
    Net foreign exchange loss (included in other income, gains and losses)                256,754                   –
    Provision for major overhauls (included in cost of sales)                                 386                 682
    Research expenditure                                                                   91,858             119,650
    Share of PRC EIT of joint ventures (included in share of results of
      joint ventures)                                                                     102,841              79,410
    Share of PRC EIT of associates (included in share of results of associates)            56,697             138,951




                                                                   SHANGHAI INDUSTRIAL HOLDINGS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022   125
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      For the year ended 31 December 2022




      10. PROFIT FOR THE YEAR (continued)

                                                                                                                           2022                    2021
                                                                                                                         HK$’000                 HK$’000
             and after crediting:

             Government compensation of toll road operating rights (included
                in other income, gains and losses) (Note i)                                                              290,445                 409,446
             Interest income                                                                                             469,388                 423,333
             Net foreign exchange gain (included in other income, gains and losses)                                            –                  34,898
             Net gain on disposal/written off of property, plant and equipment
                (included in other income, gains and losses)                                                                2,494                311,534
             Net increase in fair value of investment properties (included in
                other income, gains and losses)                                                                           10,196                 877,970
             Reversal of impairment loss on inventories, other than properties
                (included in cost of sales)                                                                                 5,183                  13,440
             Reversal of impairment loss on property, plant and equipment
                (included in other income, gains and losses)                                                              26,400                           –
             Reversal of impairment loss on properties held for sale
                (included in cost of sales)                                                                                       –                30,781

           Notes:

           (i)    The amount is transferred to other income on a units-of-usage basis, calculated based on the proportion of actual traffic volume for a
                  particular period to the projected total traffic volume over the periods for which the Group is granted the rights to operate the toll roads.
                  This policy has resulted in a credit to other income for the year ended of approximately HK$290 million (2021: HK$409 million). As at
                  31 December 2022, an amount of approximately RMB2,860 million (equivalent to approximately HK$3,232 million) (2021: RMB3,110
                  million (equivalent to approximately HK$3,816 million)) remains to be amortised, details for this compensation are set out in note 32.

           (ii)   During the year ended 31 December 2021, a 70% owned subsidiary of SI Development, namely上海上實龍創智慧能源科技股份有限
                  公司(“SIIC Longchuang”), was found involved in trade finance business and resulted in irrecoverable prepayment and receivables. After
                  internal investigation, the management of the Group considers that other receivables amounting to approximately HK$2,146 million and
                  contract assets amounting to approximately HK$368 million are credit impaired and a full impairment is provided.




126   SHANGHAI INDUSTRIAL HOLDINGS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                                      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                                   For the year ended 31 December 2022




11. DIRECTORS’, CHIEF EXECUTIVES’ AND EMPLOYEES’ EMOLUMENTS
   The emoluments paid or payable to each of the eight (2021: eight) existing directors of the Company were as
   follows:

                                                                  Executive directors                         Independent non-executive directors
                                                                                                                       Leung Cheng Hoi             Yuen
                                                          Shen                                              Woo       Pak To,    Chuen,         Tin Fan,
                                                      Xiao Chu   Zhou Jun       Xu Bo         Xu Zhan   Chia-Wei      Francis   Vincent          Francis      Total
                                                      HK$’000    HK$’000      HK$’000         HK$’000   HK$’000      HK$’000 HK$’000           HK$’000     HK$’000
                                                                                                                              (Note (vi))
      Year ended 31 December 2022
      Executive directors:
        Directors’ fee and committee remuneration           –        568            –            231          –            –             –            –        799
        Basic salaries and allowances                   2,280      1,847        1,534              –          –            –             –            –      5,661
        Retirement benefits scheme contributions          114        102           94              –          –            –             –            –        310

      Independent non-executive directors:
        Directors’ fees and committee remuneration          –          –                –           –       480          480          480           470      1,910
      Total directors’ emoluments                       2,394      2,517        1,628            231        480          480          480           470      8,680
      Year ended 31 December 2021
      Executive directors:
        Directors’ fee and committee remuneration           –        579            –            231          –            –             –            –        810
        Basic salaries and allowances                   3,258      2,364        1,887              –          –            –             –            –      7,509
        Bonuses                                         2,100      1,995          840              –          –            –             –            –      4,935
        Retirement benefits scheme contributions          114        102           94              –          –            –             –            –        310

      Independent non-executive directors:
        Directors’ fees and committee remuneration          –          –                –           –       480          470          480           470      1,900
      Total directors’ emoluments                       5,472      5,040        2,821            231        480          470          480           470     15,464

   Notes:

   (i)     The directors of the Company are also the key management personnel of the Company. Their emoluments including those for services
           rendered by them as the key management personnel are also included in the above directors’ emoluments tables for presentation.

   (ii)    The executive director’s emoluments shown above were paid for their services in connection with the management of the affairs of the
           Company and the Group.

   (iii)   The independent non-executive directors’ emoluments shown above were paid for their services as directors of the Company.

   (iv)    Bonuses were determined with reference to the Group’s operating results, individual performance and comparable market statistics.

   (v)     During the years ended 31 December 2022 and 2021, no emoluments were paid by the Group to the directors of the Company as an
           inducement to join or upon joining the Group or as a compensation for loss of office. None of the directors has waived any emoluments
           during both years.

   (vi)    Mr. Cheng Hoi Chuen, Vincent, an independent non-executive director, passed away on 28 August 2022.




                                                                                            SHANGHAI INDUSTRIAL HOLDINGS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022                   127
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      For the year ended 31 December 2022




      11. DIRECTORS’, CHIEF EXECUTIVES’ AND EMPLOYEES’ EMOLUMENTS (continued)
           For the year ended 31 December 2022, out of the five individuals with the highest emoluments in the Group,
           two (2021: two) are directors of the Company whose emoluments are included in the disclosures above. The
           emoluments of the remaining three (2021: three) individual are as follows:

                                                                                              2022            2021
                                                                                            HK$’000         HK$’000
            Salaries and other allowances                                                      7,051           6,251
            Retirement benefits                                                                  124             124
                                                                                               7,175           6,375

           The emoluments of the above three (2021: three) individuals are within the following band:

                                                                                               2022             2021
            HK$1,500,001 to HK$2,000,000                                                           1                1
            HK$2,000,001 to HK$2,500,000                                                           1                2
            HK$3,000,001 to HK$3,500,000                                                           1                –

           During the year ended 31 December 2022, no emoluments have been paid by the Group to the three (2021:
           three) employees with the highest emoluments as an inducement to join or upon joining the Group or as
           compensation for loss of office.

      12. DIVIDENDS

                                                                                              2022            2021
                                                                                            HK$’000         HK$’000
            Dividends recognised as distribution during the year:
            2022 interim dividend of HK42 cents
              (2021: 2021 interim dividend of HK48 cents) per share                         456,629          521,862
            2021 final dividend of HK54 cents
              (2021: 2020 final dividend of HK52 cents) per share                           587,094          565,350
                                                                                          1,043,723        1,087,212

           The final dividend of HK50 cents per share in respect of the year ended 31 December 2022 (2021: HK54
           cents), amounting to approximately HK$543.6 million (2021: HK$587.1 million) in total, has been proposed by
           the directors and is subject to approval by the shareholders in the forthcoming annual general meeting.

      13. EARNINGS PER SHARE
           The calculations of the basic and diluted earnings per share attributable to owners of the Company are based
           on the following data:

                                                                                              2022            2021
                                                                                            HK$’000         HK$’000
            Profit for the year attributable to owners of the Company                     2,313,924        3,745,505
            Interest to holder of perpetual bond                                                  –          (17,193)
                                                                                          2,313,924        3,728,312




128   SHANGHAI INDUSTRIAL HOLDINGS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                            NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                     For the year ended 31 December 2022




13. EARNINGS PER SHARE (continued)

                                                                                              2022                2021
    Number of shares:

    Weighted average number of ordinary shares for the
     purpose of basic and diluted earnings per share                               1,087,211,600       1,087,211,600

   The computation of diluted earnings per share does not assume the exercise of options issued by Canvest
   Environmental Protection Group Company Limited (“Canvest Environmental”), a listed associate of the Group,
   because the exercise price of the options was higher than the average market price for the corresponding
   period.

14. INVESTMENT PROPERTIES
   The Group leases out various commercial and residential properties including offices, shopping malls, stores,
   mart, exhibition hall, car parking spaces and apartments under operating leases with monthly rentals. The
   leases typically run for an initial period of one to twenty years and the lessees have the option to extend the
   lease beyond initial agreed period but it is subject to mutual agreement between the Group and the lessees.
   The extension option is subject to market review clauses in the event the lessee exercises the option.

   The Group is not exposed to foreign currency risk as a result of the lease arrangements, as all leases are
   denominated in the respective functional currencies of group entities. The lease contracts do not contain
   residual value guarantee and/or lessee’s option to purchase the property at the end of lease term.

                                                                                                              HK$’000
    FAIR VALUE
    At 1 January 2021                                                                                      27,166,276
    Exchange adjustments                                                                                      889,770
    Subsequent expenditures                                                                                   585,915
    Transfer from deposit paid on acquisition of non-current assets (Note iv)                                 951,724
    Disposal (Note v)                                                                                        (826,651)
    Transfer to inventories                                                                                   (16,360)
    Net increase in fair value recognised in profit or loss (Note i)                                          877,970
    Transfer from property, plant and equipment                                                                16,012
    Transfer from inventories (Note iii)                                                                      838,624
    Disposal of subsidiaries (note 40)                                                                     (1,497,979)
    At 31 December 2021                                                                                    28,985,301
    Exchange adjustments                                                                                   (2,379,135)
    Subsequent expenditures                                                                                   495,321
    Additions                                                                                                 159,273
    Net increase in fair value recognised in profit or loss (Note i)                                           10,196
    Transfer to property, plant and equipment (Note vi)                                                       (96,311)
    Transfer from inventories (Note iii)                                                                    3,362,919
    Liquidation of subsidiaries (note 41)                                                                    (739,163)
    At 31 December 2022                                                                                    29,798,401




                                                                   SHANGHAI INDUSTRIAL HOLDINGS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022   129
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      For the year ended 31 December 2022




      14. INVESTMENT PROPERTIES (continued)
           Notes:

                                                                                                                             2022                   2021
                                                                                                                           HK$’000                HK$’000

           (i)      Unrealised gain on property revaluation included in profit or loss for the year
                      (included in other income, gains and losses)                                                          10,196                 877,970


           (ii)    The Group’s investment properties are situated on land held under:

                                                                                                                             2022                   2021
                                                                                                                           HK$’000                HK$’000

                    Leasehold land in the PRC                                                                          29,798,401              28,985,301


           (iii)   During the year ended 31 December 2022, properties held for sale included in inventories with an aggregate carrying amount of
                   HK$3,362,919,000 (2021: HK$838,624,000) were transferred to investment properties as the management had changed the use of the
                   properties, evidenced by inception of lease agreements with the tenants. The properties were measured at fair values arrived on the basis
                   of valuations carried out on the respective dates by Cushman & Wakefield Limited (“C&W”) at the date of transfer by reference to net
                   rental income allowing for reversionary income potential, a fair value gain of HK$7,545,000 (2021: HK$111,909,000) in respect of these
                   properties is recognised.

           (iv)    During the year ended 31 December 2021, the Group obtained the land use right certificate for two parcels of land located in the PRC.
                   These two parcel of land will be developed into residential properties or commercial building held for earning rentals. Accordingly, the
                   deposits paid in prior year for the land cost amounting to HK$951,724,000 were transferred to investment properties.

           (v)     During the year ended 31 December 2021, several lands and buildings located in Shanghai were acquired by the municipal government
                   at a total compensation consideration of approximately RMB930 million (equivalent to HK$1,116 million). The respective investment
                   properties at fair value of HK$826,651,000 was accounted for as disposal of investment properties and the respective leasehold land
                   and buildings with carrying amount of HK$64,663,000 was accounted for as disposal of property, plant and equipment and a gain on
                   disposal of property, plant and equipment amounting to HK$224,686,000 was recognised in profit or loss.

           (vi)    During the year ended 31 December 2022, certain units of an investment property of the Group located in Shanghai, were arranged for
                   own use as office premises of the Group due to the needs of expansion of business. Accordingly, the respective investment properties
                   with a fair value of HK$96,311,000 were transferred to property, plant and equipment.

           (vii) The property rental income earned by the Group from its investment properties which are either held for rental income under operating
                 leases and/or for capital appreciation purpose, amounted to HK$876,883,000 (2021: HK$1,247,735,000) with insignificant direct
                 operating expenses.

           (viii) The fair values of the Group’s investment properties as at 31 December 2022 and 2021 have been arrived at on the basis of valuations
                  carried out on the respective dates by C&W. C&W is a member of the Institute of Valuers and a firm of independent qualified professional
                  valuer not connected with the Group. C&W possesses appropriate qualifications and experience in the valuation of properties in the
                  relevant locations.

                   All of the Group’s investment properties were valued by C&W with reference to market evidence of transaction prices for similar properties
                   in similar locations and conditions or on the basis of investment approach, where appropriate. In arriving at the valuation on the basis
                   of investment approach, the fair value is determined by capitalising the net rental income derived from the existing tenancies with due
                   provision or allowance for the reversionary potential of the properties.

           (ix)    In estimating the fair value of the properties, the highest and best use of the properties is their current use. The fair values of certain
                   investment properties have been adjusted to exclude prepaid or accrued operating lease income to avoid double counting.




130   SHANGHAI INDUSTRIAL HOLDINGS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                                                     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                                                          For the year ended 31 December 2022




14. INVESTMENT PROPERTIES (continued)
   Notes: (continued)

   (x)   Following are the key inputs used in valuing the investment properties as at 31 December 2022 and 2021:

                                      Fair value           Fair value
                                                                                Valuation                                                                   Range
          Category                    hierarchy        2022             2021                        Significant unobservable inputs                                                    Sensitivity
                                                     HK$’000          HK$’000   techniques                                                         2022                        2021
          Commercial properties –     Level 3       9,019,776      7,253,631    Investment          For offices: Reversionary yield       4.5% to 6.75%               4.5% to 6.75%    The higher the
          offices and related car                                               approach            derived from market rent and the                                                   reversionary yield, the
          parking spaces in various                                                                 transaction price of comparable                                                    lower the fair value.
          locations                                                                                 properties in the same locations

                                                                                Direct comparison   For car parking spaces: Market          Market price:              Market price:   The higher the market
                                                                                approach            price per unit                        RMB191,700 to              RMB191,700 to     price per unit, the
                                                                                                                                         RMB373,000 per             RMB254,000 per     higher the fair value.
                                                                                                                                                     unit                       unit

          Residential properties –    Level 3       1,269,336        463,760    Investment          For a detached villa and a service    3.5% to 4.75%               3.5% to 4.75%    The higher the
          a detached villa and                                                  approach            apartment:                                                                         reversionary yield, the
          service apartments in                                                                     Reversionary yield derived from                                                    lower the fair value.
          various locations                                                                         market rent and transaction price
                                                                                                    of comparable properties in the
                                                                                                    same locations

                                                                                Direct comparison   For service apartments: Market          Market price:              Market price:   The higher the market
                                                                                approach            price per square metre                RMB10,327 per              RMB10,326 per     price per square
                                                                                                                                                     unit                       unit   metre, the higher the
                                                                                                                                                                                       fair value.

                                                                                Direct comparison   For car park units: Market price       Market price:               Market price:   The higher the market
                                                                                approach            per unit                             RMB230,000 per                          Nil   price per unit, the
                                                                                                                                                    unit                               higher the fair value.

          Industrial properties       Level 3        140,062         151,975    Investment          Reversionary yield derived from               5.75%                      5.75%     The higher the
                                                                                approach            market rent and the transaction                                                    reversionary yield, the
                                                                                                    price of comparable properties in                                                  lower the fair value.
                                                                                                    the same locations

          Commercial properties –     Level 3      17,690,619     18,833,383    Investment          For commercial properties:            3.5% to 7.75%                3.5% to 6.5%    The higher the
          shopping malls, stores,                                               approach            Reversionary yield derived from                                                    reversionary yield, the
          mart, exhibition hall                                                                     market rent and the transaction                                                    lower the fair value.
          and related car parking                                                                   price of comparable properties in
          spaces in various                                                                         the same locations
          locations

                                                                                Direct comparison   For car parking spaces: Market          Market price:              Market price:   The higher the market
                                                                                approach            price per unit                         RMB85,000 to               RMB82,500 to     price per square
                                                                                                                                         RMB189,400 per             RMB189,400 per     metre, the higher the
                                                                                                                                                     unit                       unit   fair value.

          Commercial and              Level 3       1,678,608      2,282,552    Direct comparison   For a parcel of land commenced          Market price:              Market price:   The higher the market
          residential properties                                                approach and cost   construction for service              RMB23,060 per               RMB23,350 to     price per square
          held for rental under                                                 approach            apartments: Market price per                     unit            RMB26,674 per     metre, the higher the
          construction in Shanghai                                                                  square metre                                                                unit   fair value.

                                                                                Direct comparison   For a parcel of land yet                Market price:              Market price:   The higher the market
                                                                                approach and cost   commenced construction for            RMB37,395 per              RMB39,542 per     price per square
                                                                                approach            commercial properties: Market                    unit                       unit   metre, the higher the
                                                                                                    price per square metre                                                             fair value.
                                                   29,798,401     28,985,301


         There were no transfers into or out of Level 3 during both years.




                                                                                                          SHANGHAI INDUSTRIAL HOLDINGS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022                                                131
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      For the year ended 31 December 2022




      15. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT

                                                                     Leasehold       Furniture,
                                                            Hotel     land and    fixtures and       Motor    Plant and Construction
                                                         property     buildings    equipment       vehicles   machinery in progress          Total
                                                         HK$’000      HK$’000         HK$’000     HK$’000      HK$’000     HK$’000        HK$’000
            COST
            At 1 January 2021                           2,614,540    2,731,119     1,275,799      173,806     3,254,045      262,885 10,312,194
            Exchange adjustments                           82,618       72,698        39,211       10,659        97,592       21,734    324,512
            Additions                                      43,777       65,860        97,746       50,367       193,366      187,811    638,927
            Acquisition of subsidiaries (note 37)               –        1,537           442          268         4,196            –      6,443
            Reclassification                                    –       70,175         1,647            –        41,099     (112,921)         –
            Transferred to investment properties                –      (16,905)            –            –             –            –    (16,905)
            Disposal of subsidiaries (note 40)                  –       (1,762)       (1,463)      (1,051)         (805)           –     (5,081)
            Disposals/written off                         (56,237)    (102,784)      (93,748)     (54,439)      (74,276)     (52,803)  (434,287)
            At 31 December 2021                         2,684,698    2,819,938     1,319,634      179,610     3,515,217     306,706 10,825,803
            Exchange adjustments                         (153,023)    (172,266)      (76,027)      (9,921)     (206,288)    (20,793)  (638,318)
            Additions                                           –       84,124        35,121        9,409       227,173     192,182    548,009
            Acquisition of a subsidiary (note 37)               –            –           106            –            26           –        132
            Reclassification to assets held for sale
              (note 39)                                         –           –            (520)           –           –             –          (520)
            Reclassification                                6,913      38,261           3,421            –      13,213       (61,808)            –
            Transferred from investment properties
              (note 14)                                         –       96,311              –           –             –            –        96,311
            Disposal of subsidiaries (note 40)                  –            –              –           –      (119,240)           –      (119,240)
            Liquidation of a subsidiary (note 41)               –            –         (1,873)       (346)            –            –        (2,219)
            Disposals/written off                            (191)     (31,238)       (31,202)    (16,236)      (23,206)           –      (102,073)
            At 31 December 2022                         2,538,397    2,835,130     1,248,660      162,516     3,406,895     416,287     10,607,885
            DEPRECIATION, AMORTISATION
               AND IMPAIRMENT
            At 1 January 2021                            658,930      919,589        722,393      132,208     2,115,321            –     4,548,441
            Exchange adjustments                          26,485       40,970         15,788        4,589        36,253            –       124,085
            Provided for the year                        102,274      103,710         61,081       17,335       221,014            –       505,414
            Transfer to investment properties                  –         (893)             –            –             –            –          (893)
            Eliminated on disposal of subsidiaries             –       (1,412)        (1,093)        (951)         (677)           –        (4,133)
            Eliminated on disposals/written off           (1,043)      (3,914)       (45,148)     (10,321)      (51,396)           –      (111,822)
            At 31 December 2021                          786,646     1,058,050       753,021      142,860     2,320,515            –     5,061,092
            Exchange adjustments                         (50,885)      (65,433)      (45,473)      (8,167)     (147,857)           –      (317,815)
            Provided for the year                        100,667       100,823        71,627       12,546       212,935            –       498,598
            Reclassification to assets held for sale           –             –          (255)           –             –            –          (255)
            Reversal of impairment loss recognised
               in profit or loss                                –          (76)             –           –       (26,324)           –       (26,400)
            Eliminated on disposal of subsidiaries              –            –              –           –       (33,140)           –       (33,140)
            Eliminated on liquidation of a subsidiary           –            –         (1,740)       (344)            –            –        (2,084)
            Eliminated on disposals/written off              (175)     (14,266)       (24,058)    (12,521)      (10,061)           –       (61,081)
            At 31 December 2022                          836,253     1,079,098       753,122      134,374     2,316,068            –     5,118,915
            CARRYING VALUES
            At 31 December 2022                         1,702,144    1,756,032       495,538       28,142     1,090,827     416,287      5,488,970
            At 31 December 2021                         1,898,052    1,761,888       566,613       36,750     1,194,702     306,706      5,764,711


132   SHANGHAI INDUSTRIAL HOLDINGS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                                      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                       For the year ended 31 December 2022




15. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT (continued)
   Notes:

   (i)    The above items of property, plant and equipment, other than construction in progress, are depreciated on a straight-line basis at the
          following rates per annum or over the following periods:

          Hotel property                               Over the period of the lease term
          Leasehold land and buildings                 The shorter of 4%-5% or over the period of the lease term
          Furniture, fixtures and equipment            5%-331/3% or over the period of the lease in case of fixtures in rented premises, if shorter
          Motor vehicles                               10%-30%
          Plant and machinery                          5%-20%

   (ii)   The carrying values of property interests comprise properties erected on land held under:

                                                                                                                  2022                    2021
                                                                                                                HK$’000                 HK$’000

            Leasehold land in the PRC                                                                         2,919,952               3,094,540
            Leases in Hong Kong                                                                                 538,224                 565,400
                                                                                                              3,458,176               3,659,940



16. RIGHT-OF-USE ASSETS

                                                                                                               Leased
                                                                                    Leasehold               properties
                                                                                         land                 (Note i)                  Total
                                                                                     HK$’000                 HK$’000                 HK$’000
     As at 31 December 2022
     Carrying amount                                                                  506,498                134,195                 640,693

     As at 31 December 2021
     Carrying amount                                                                  576,341                122,512                 698,853

     For the year ended 31 December 2022
     Depreciation charge                                                                7,924                  62,891                  70,815
     Exchange difference                                                              (42,493)                 (7,575)                (50,068)

     For the year ended 31 December 2021
     Depreciation charge                                                               11,752                  85,805                  97,557
     Exchange difference                                                               (7,107)                 (8,506)                (15,613)




                                                                                  SHANGHAI INDUSTRIAL HOLDINGS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022             133
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      For the year ended 31 December 2022




      16. RIGHT-OF-USE ASSETS (continued)

                                                                                                                          2022                    2021
                                                                                                                        HK$’000                 HK$’000
              Expense relating to short-term leases                                                                       12,729                  19,527

              Expense relating to leases of low-value assets,
                excluding short-term leases of low value assets                                                                   –                       –

              Total cash outflow for leases (Note ii)                                                                   136,205                 157,116

              Additions to right-of-use assets (Note iii)                                                                 79,228                372,864

              Acquisition of a subsidiary (note 37)                                                                               –                   608

              Disposal of a subsidiary (note 40)                                                                         (12,242)                  (7,965)

              Early termination of lease                                                                                   (2,100)             (119,908)

           Notes:

           (i)     The Group leases various office premises and apartment units for its operations. Majority of the lease contracts are entered into for lease
                   terms of 2 to 5 years (2021: 2 to 5 years). Lease terms are negotiated on an individual basis and contain a wide range of different terms
                   and conditions. In determining the lease terms and assessing the length of the non-cancellable period, the Group applies the definition of
                   a contract and determines the period for which the contract is enforceable.

           (ii)    Total cash outflow for leases included the repayment of lease liabilities and related interest paid, expense relating to short-term leases
                   and expense relating to leases of low-value assets.

           (iii)   Amounts of HK$79,228,000 (2021: HK$372,864,000) includes right-of-use assets resulting from new leases entered amounting
                   HK$79,228,000 (2021: HK$101,999,000) and transfer from inventories amounting HK$nil (2021: HK$270,865,000).


           The Group regularly entered into short-term leases for leased properties. As at 31 December 2022 and 2021,
           the portfolio of short-term leases is similar to the portfolio of short-term leases to which the short-term lease
           expense during the relevant year.

           Restrictions or covenants on leases
           In addition, in respect of right-of-use assets of HK$134,195,000 (2021: HK$122,512,000) and the associated
           lease liabilities of HK$210,763,000 (2021: HK$249,253,000) as at 31 December 2022, the lease agreements
           do not impose any covenants other than the security interests in the leased assets that are held by the lessor.
           Leased assets may not be used as security for borrowing purposes.




134   SHANGHAI INDUSTRIAL HOLDINGS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                                        NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                           For the year ended 31 December 2022




17. TOLL ROAD OPERATING RIGHTS

                                                                                                                                         HK$’000
     COST
     At 1 January 2021                                                                                                               15,979,236
     Addition                                                                                                                             6,705
     Exchange adjustments                                                                                                               525,576
     At 31 December 2021                                                                                                             16,511,517
     Exchange adjustments                                                                                                            (1,304,277)
     At 31 December 2022                                                                                                             15,207,240
     AMORTISATION AND IMPAIRMENT
     At 1 January 2021                                                                                                                 8,847,046
     Charged for the year                                                                                                                760,504
     Exchange adjustments                                                                                                                304,681
     At 31 December 2021                                                                                                               9,912,231
     Charged for the year                                                                                                                533,375
     Exchange adjustments                                                                                                               (792,695)
     At 31 December 2022                                                                                                               9,652,911
     CARRYING VALUES
     At 31 December 2022                                                                                                               5,554,329
     At 31 December 2021                                                                                                               6,599,286

   Notes:

   (i)    The toll road operating rights represent:

          (a)   the right to receive toll fees from vehicles using the Shanghai section of the Jing-Hu Expressway and to operate service facilities in
                designated areas along the Shanghai section for a period of 25 years ending in 2028;

          (b)   the right to receive toll fees from vehicles using the Shanghai section of the Hu-Kun Expressway and to operate service facilities in
                designated areas along the Shanghai section for a period of 30 years ending in 2030; and

          (c)   the right to receive toll fees from vehicles using the Shanghai section of Hu-Yu Expressway and to operate service facilities in
                designated areas along the Shanghai section for a period of 20 years ending in 2027.

   (ii)   The Group’s rights to operate the toll roads are amortised on a units-of-usage basis, calculated based on the proportion of actual traffic
          volume for a particular period to the projected total traffic volume over the period for which the Group is granted the rights to operate the
          toll roads.




                                                                                    SHANGHAI INDUSTRIAL HOLDINGS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022               135
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      For the year ended 31 December 2022




      18. GOODWILL

                                                                                                                 HK$’000
            COST
            At 1 January 2021                                                                                    968,210
            Exchange adjustments                                                                                  26,082
            Arising on acquisition of a subsidiary (note 37)                                                      23,604
            At 31 December 2021                                                                                1,017,896
            Exchange adjustments                                                                                 (64,715)
            At 31 December 2022                                                                                  953,181
            IMPAIRMENT
            At 1 January 2021                                                                                    157,378
            Exchange adjustments                                                                                   4,878
            Impairment loss recognised                                                                           265,052
            At 31 December 2021                                                                                  427,308
            Exchange adjustments                                                                                 (21,323)
            At 31 December 2022                                                                                  405,985
            CARRYING VALUES
            At 31 December 2022                                                                                  547,196
            At 31 December 2021                                                                                  590,588

           For the purpose of impairment testing, goodwill arising on business combinations as set out above was
           allocated, at acquisition, to four (2021: five) CGUs, comprising one (2021: one) subsidiary in the infrastructure
           facilities segment, one (2021: two) subsidiaries in the real estate segment and two (2021: two) subsidiaries in
           the consumer products segment, that are expected to benefit from that business combination as follows:

                                                                                                2022               2021
                                                                                              HK$’000            HK$’000
            Infrastructure facilities                                                         505,923            549,315
            Real estate                                                                        23,604             23,604
            Consumer products                                                                  17,669             17,669
                                                                                              547,196            590,588

           The recoverable amounts of the infrastructure facilities CGU have been determined based on a value in use
           calculation.

           For infrastructure facilities CGU, the value in use is determined by discounting the future cash flows to be
           generated from the continuing use of waste water treatment plant and waste incineration power generation
           plant over the service concession periods ranging from 20 to 30 years, using a discount rate of 8% (2021: 8%).
           Since the recoverable amount of the cash generating unit is higher than its carrying amount, the management
           of the Group considers that the goodwill is not impaired.

           Management believes that any reasonably possible change in any of these assumptions would not cause the
           aggregate carrying amount of any of the CGUs to materially exceed the aggregate recoverable amount of the
           relevant CGUs.




136   SHANGHAI INDUSTRIAL HOLDINGS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                                          NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                               For the year ended 31 December 2022




19. OTHER INTANGIBLE ASSETS

                                                                                   Premium
                                                                               on leasehold
                                                             Operating         land/prepaid
                                                           concessions      lease payments            Trademark              Others                 Total
                                                              HK$’000              HK$’000              HK$’000             HK$’000              HK$’000
                                                               (Note i)             (Note ii)           (Note iii)
      COST
      At 1 January 2021                                      9,726,123                 1,654              60,584              15,430           9,803,791
      Exchange adjustments                                     231,195                    54               1,993                   –             233,242
      Acquisition of subsidiaries (note 37)                     68,781                     –                   –                 200              68,981
      Additions                                                733,677                     –                   –                   –             733,677
      At 31 December 2021                                   10,759,776                 1,708              62,577              15,630         10,839,691
      Exchange adjustments                                    (240,685)                 (135)             (4,943)                  –           (245,763)
      Acquisition of a subsidiary (note 37)                    418,037                     –                   –                   –            418,037
      Disposal of a subsidiary (note 40)                      (456,596)                    –                   –                   –           (456,596)
      Additions                                                 93,175                     –                   –                   –             93,175
      At 31 December 2022                                   10,573,707                 1,573              57,634              15,630         10,648,544
      AMORTISATION AND IMPAIRMENT
      At 1 January 2021                                      1,828,937                   599                    –                    –         1,829,536
      Exchange adjustments                                      51,054                    21                    –                    –            51,075
      Charged for the year                                     355,269                    87                    –                    –           355,356
      At 31 December 2021                                    2,235,260                   707                    –                    –         2,235,967
      Exchange adjustments                                     135,721                   (58)                   –                    –           135,663
      Disposal of a subsidiary (note 40)                      (205,110)                    –                    –                    –          (205,110)
      Charged for the year                                     402,946                    83                    –                    –           403,029
      At 31 December 2022                                    2,568,817                   732                    –                    –         2,569,549
      CARRYING VALUES
      At 31 December 2022                                    8,004,890                   841              57,634              15,630           8,078,995
      At 31 December 2021                                    8,524,516                 1,001              62,577              15,630           8,603,724

   Notes:

   (i)     Operating concessions represent the rights to operate waste water treatment, water supply and waste incineration plants and are stated
           at cost less accumulated amortisation and any accumulated impairment losses. Amortisation is provided on a straight-line basis over the
           respective periods of the operating concessions granted to the Group of 7 to 50 years. Details of these operating concessions are set out
           in note 23.

   (ii)    Premium on leasehold land represents the premium on acquisition of prepaid lease payments for land which is to be amortised over the
           period of the lease of the related prepaid lease payments on a straight-line basis.

   (iii)   The trademark has a legal life of 10 years from September 2021 to September 2031 and is renewable upon expiry. The directors of the
           Company are of the opinion that the Group will renew the trademark continuously and has the ability to do so at minimal cost. Various
           studies including product life cycle studies, market, competitive and environmental trends, and brand extension opportunities have
           been performed by management of the Group, which supports that the trademark has no foreseeable limit to the period over which the
           trademarked products are expected to generate net cash inflow for the Group.

           As a result, the trademark is considered by the management of the Group as having an indefinite useful life because it is expected to
           contribute to net cash inflows indefinitely. The trademark will not be amortised until its useful life is determined to be finite. Instead it will
           be tested for impairment annually and whenever there is an indication that it may be impaired.

           For the purpose of impairment testing, trademark with indefinite useful life set out above has been allocated to the individual CGU,
           comprising one subsidiary in the real estate segment. For the years ended 31 December 2022 and 2021, management of the Group has
           determined that there is no impairment of the CGU containing trademark by reference to the recoverable amount of the CGU, which has
           been determined based on a value in use calculation.


                                                                                        SHANGHAI INDUSTRIAL HOLDINGS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022                 137
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      For the year ended 31 December 2022




      20. INTERESTS IN JOINT VENTURES

                                                                                                                                                     2022                              2021
                                                                                                                                                   HK$’000                           HK$’000
             Cost of unlisted investments in joint ventures                                                                                  10,476,060                        4,361,502
             Share of post-acquisition profits and other comprehensive income,
               net of dividends received/declared                                                                                              1,087,945                       1,717,406
                                                                                                                                             11,564,005                        6,078,908

           Notes:

           (i)    On 2 March 2022, SI Development formed a joint venture,上海上實北外灘新地標建設開發有限公司 (Shanghai Industrial Beiwaitan New
                  Landmark Construction and Development Co., Ltd.) (“Beiwaitan New Landmark”), with certain independent third parties for property
                  development in Shanghai. The registered capital of the joint venture is approximately RMB9,600 million, and is contributed as to 50%
                  (equivalent to approximately RMB4,800 million) in cash and deposit paid for a land parcel by the SI Development.

           (ii)   Summarised financial information in respect of the Group’s material interests in joint ventures, namely 中環保水務投資有限公司 (General
                  Water of China Co., Ltd.) (“General Water”),上海諾卓企業管理有限公司 (Shanghai Nuozhuo Enterprise Management Company Limited”)
                  (“Shanghai Nuozhuo”), S.I. Yangtze River Delta Ecological Development Limited (“Yangtze River Delta”) and Beiwaitan New Landmark
                  is set out below. The summarised financial information below represents amounts shown in the joint ventures’ financial statements
                  prepared in accordance with HKFRSs.

                  All joint ventures are accounted for using the equity method in these consolidated financial statements.

                                                                           General water                 Shanghai Nuozhuo                Yangtze River Delta            Beiwaitan New Landmark
                                                                         2022            2021            2022           2021             2022             2021             2022           2021
                                                                       HK$’000         HK$’000         HK$’000        HK$’000          HK$’000          HK$’000          HK$’000        HK$’000

                    Current assets                                   2,515,470       2,630,175              86                 4       210,889            21,037         443,647            N/A
                    Non-current assets*                              6,850,506       7,482,926        2,972,046     3,239,264       10,985,109         3,983,569       10,511,602           N/A
                    Current liabilities                              (2,663,177)     (2,972,122)           (475)            (419)       (30,514)           (5,038)            (50)          N/A
                    Non-current liabilities                          (1,709,033)     (1,811,251)              –                –    (10,762,716)      (3,698,241)               –           N/A
                    Non-controlling interests                         (770,217)       (880,917)               –                –              –                   –             –           N/A
                    The above amounts of assets and liabilities
                      include the following:

                    Cash and cash equivalents                        1,192,121       1,564,571              86                 4       210,889            21,037         335,314            N/A
                    Current financial liabilities (excluding trade
                      and other payables and provisions)              (912,074)       (994,930)               –                –        (30,369)                  –             –           N/A
                    Non-current financial liabilities (excluding
                      trade and other payables and provisions)       (1,375,242)     (1,457,288)              –                –    (10,762,716)      (3,804,248)               –           N/A
                    Revenue                                          2,149,875       2,530,580                –                –              –                   –             –           N/A
                    Profit (loss) for the year                         248,375         369,536          (11,683)            (410)      207,447          206,914              (279)          N/A
                    Other comprehensive income (expenses)
                      for the year                                    (365,335)       (141,227)        (255,508)      102,302         (106,009)         105,433          (641,525)          N/A
                    Total comprehensive income (expenses)
                      for the year                                    (116,960)        228,309         (267,191)      101,892          101,438          312,347          (641,804)          N/A
                    Dividends received during the year                 (48,736)            (71,552)           –                –              –                   –             –           N/A
                    The above profit (loss) for the year includes
                      the following:

                    Depreciation and amortisation                     (285,916)       (335,327)               –                –              –                   –             –           N/A
                    Interest income                                     23,034             45,226             –                –           142                 860              –           N/A
                    Interest expense                                   (84,171)       (107,615)               –                –      (154,886)          (60,429)            (287)          N/A
                    Income tax expense                                (153,897)       (141,433)               –                –              –                (668)            –           N/A




138   SHANGHAI INDUSTRIAL HOLDINGS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                                                   NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                                      For the year ended 31 December 2022




20. INTERESTS IN JOINT VENTURES (continued)
   Notes: (continued)

   (ii)    (continued)

           *        The balances of General Water and Yangtze River Delta mainly comprise operating concessions and the balances of Shanghai
                    Nuozhuo and Beiwaitan New Landmark mainly comprise land costs relating to properties under development for rentals.

           Reconciliation of the above summarised financial information to the carrying amount of the interests in joint ventures recognised in the
           consolidated financial statements:

                                                                   General water            Shanghai Nuozhuo        Yangtze River Delta          Beiwaitan New Landmark
                                                                 2022            2021       2022           2021      2022            2021           2022           2021
                                                               HK$’000         HK$’000    HK$’000        HK$’000   HK$’000         HK$’000        HK$’000        HK$’000

               Equity attributable to owners of               4,223,549      4,448,811   2,971,657     3,238,849   402,768         301,327      10,955,199           N/A
               Proportion of the Group’s ownership interest        45%            45%         50%           50%       50%             50%             50%            N/A
               Carrying amount of the Group’s interest        1,900,597      2,001,965   1,485,829     1,619,424   201,384         150,664       5,477,598           N/A


           Aggregate information of joint ventures that are not individually material:

                                                                                                                                   2022                         2021
                                                                                                                                 HK$’000                      HK$’000

               The Group’s share of profit                                                                                         89,807                       43,568
               The Group’s share of other comprehensive (expense) income                                                        (214,121)                     436,138
               The Group’s share of total comprehensive (expense) income                                                        (124,314)                     479,706
               Dividends received during the year                                                                                           –                 414,315
               Aggregate carrying amount of the Group’s interests in these joint ventures                                     2,498,597                      2,306,855


   (iii)   The Group has discontinued recognition of its share of profit (loss) of a joint venture. The amounts of unrecognised share of the joint
           venture, both for the year and cumulatively, are as follows:

                                                                                                                                   2022                         2021
                                                                                                                                 HK$’000                      HK$’000

               Unrecognised share of profit of a joint venture for the year                                                               290                       251
               Accumulated unrecognised share of losses of a joint venture                                                          (3,986)                     (4,276)


   (iv)    Details of the Group’s principal joint ventures at the end of the reporting period are set out in note 51.




                                                                                                 SHANGHAI INDUSTRIAL HOLDINGS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022                   139
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      For the year ended 31 December 2022




      21. INTERESTS IN ASSOCIATES

                                                                                                                                          2022                          2021
                                                                                                                                        HK$’000                       HK$’000
              Cost of investments in associates                                                                                     6,996,913                   7,165,440
              Share of post-acquisition profit and other comprehensive income,
                net of dividends received/declared                                                                                      482,655                 1,092,468
                                                                                                                                    7,479,568                   8,257,908
              Fair value of listed investment in an associate
                – Canvest Environmental                                                                                             2,000,807                   1,958,034

           Notes:

           (i)     Included in the cost of investments is goodwill of HK$717,597,000 (2021: HK$717,597,000) arising on acquisitions.

           (ii)    On 29 April 2021, the Group, through its non-wholly owned subsidiary, SIIC Shanghai Urban Development & Investment Co., Ltd. (“SIIC
                   Shanghai Urban”) made an additional capital contribution in proportion to its existing shareholding in SIIC Elderly Care Investment Co.,
                   Ltd. (“SIIC Elderly Care”), an associate of the Group with an amount of RMB330,600,000 (equivalent to HK$398,063,000) pursuant to
                   a capital injection agreement with all existing shareholders of SIIC Elderly Care, upon which SIIC Shanghai Urban’s shareholding in SIIC
                   Elderly Care remained unchanged at 38%.

           (iii)   On 2 June 2022, an associate of the Group,寧波市杭州灣大橋發展有限公司 (“Hangzhou Bay Bridge”) has passed a resolution to reduce
                   its share capital with an amount of RMB1,000,000,000. The Group, through its wholly owned subsidiary, Shanghai Ji Yun Infrastructure
                   Construction Co Ltd (“Shanghai Ji Yun”) received a capital reduction in proportion to its existing shareholding in Hangzhou Bay Bridge
                   amounting to RMB230,584,000 (equivalent to HK$275,201,000). After the capital reduction, Shanghai Ji Yun ‘s shareholding in
                   Hangzhou Bay Bridge remains unchanged at 23.06%.

           (iv)    As at 31 December 2022, despite the shortfall of the market value of the relevant interest of Canvest Environmental amounted to
                   HK$381,367,000 (2021: HK$259,204,000) compared to the carrying amount of the relevant interest, the management of the Group
                   has determined that there is no impairment on the carrying amount of the Group’s interest in Canvest Environmental by reference to the
                   recoverable amount of the relevant interest, which has been determined based on a value in use calculation with reference to the future
                   dividend yields and disposal value of the relevant interest.

           (v)     Summarised financial information in respect of the Group’s material associates, namely 上海莘天置業有限公司 (“Shanghai Shentian”),
                   寧波市杭州灣大橋發展有限公司 (“Hangzhou Bay Bridge”), Canvest Environmental and Shanghai Galaxy Investment Co., Ltd. (“Shanghai
                   Galaxy”), is set out below. The summarised financial information below represents amounts shown in the associates’ financial statements
                   prepared in accordance with HKFRSs.

                   All associates are accounted for using the equity method in these consolidated financial statements.

                                                                  Shanghai Shentian            Hangzhou Bay Bridge          Canvest Environmental            Shanghai Galaxy
                                                                  2022            2021          2022            2021          2022            2021          2022            2021
                                                                HK$’000         HK$’000       HK$’000         HK$’000       HK$’000         HK$’000       HK$’000         HK$’000

                       Current assets*                        6,024,622       5,522,216       131,687         722,160     4,478,785       4,011,744     4,263,899       4,083,178
                       Non-current assets**                      25,012          37,678     8,258,333      10,353,682    21,183,413      19,594,562     6,906,045       7,758,261
                       Current liabilities                    (1,122,710)      (923,268)     (650,444)       (881,346)    (3,836,040)     (3,180,071)   (4,087,635)     (3,084,867)
                       Non-current liabilities                 (692,878)          (7,722)   (2,572,828)    (3,205,875)   (12,980,235)    (12,373,664)   (3,620,212)     (4,964,189)
                       Non-controlling interests                       –               –             –               –     (300,872)        (400,405)    (473,090)        (582,976)


                   *         The balances of Shanghai Shentian mainly comprise land and construction costs relating to properties under development held for
                             sale and properties held-for-sale.

                   **        The balances of Hangzhou Bay Bridge and Canvest Environmental mainly comprise operating concessions. The balances of
                             Shanghai Galaxy mainly comprise property, plant and equipment.




140   SHANGHAI INDUSTRIAL HOLDINGS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                                                 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                                       For the year ended 31 December 2022




21. INTERESTS IN ASSOCIATES (continued)
   Notes: (continued)

   (v)    (continued)

                                                               Shanghai Shentian         Hangzhou Bay Bridge        Canvest Environmental           Shanghai Galaxy
                                                               2022            2021       2022            2021        2022            2021         2022            2021
                                                             HK$’000         HK$’000    HK$’000         HK$’000     HK$’000         HK$’000      HK$’000         HK$’000

           Revenue                                                  –         54,476   1,941,800      2,391,458    8,246,645      6,794,571      939,136         946,213
           (Loss) profit for the year                         (30,075)        86,294    668,793         862,225    1,359,463      1,319,167       71,553         199,486
           Other comprehensive (expense) income
             for the year                                    (364,783)       146,159    (581,762)      (231,032)    (174,420)       281,144      (258,290)        22,908
           Total comprehensive (expense) income
             for the year                                    (394,858)       232,453     87,031         631,193    1,185,043      1,600,311      (186,737)       222,394
           Dividends received during the year                       –              –    (181,457)              –     (57,030)        (47,050)     (15,148)        (16,336)


   (vi)   Reconciliation of the above summarised financial information to the carrying amount of the interests in associates recognised in the
          consolidated financial statements:

                                                               Shanghai Shentian         Hangzhou Bay Bridge        Canvest Environmental           Shanghai Galaxy
                                                               2022            2021       2022            2021         2022            2021        2022            2021
                                                             HK$’000         HK$’000    HK$’000         HK$’000     HK$’000         HK$’000      HK$’000         HK$’000
                                                                                                                      (Note)          (Note)

           Equity attributable to owners of the associate   4,234,046      4,628,904   5,166,748      6,988,621    8,545,051      7,652,166     2,989,007      3,209,407
           Proportion of the Group’s ownership interest          35%            35%      23.06%         23.06%       19.48%         19.48%           45%            45%
           Goodwill                                                 –              –           –              –      717,597        717,597             –              –
           Carrying amount of the Group’s interest
             in the associate                               1,481,916      1,620,116   1,191,452      1,611,576    2,382,173      2,208,239     1,345,053      1,444,233


          Note: The Group is able to exercise significant influence over Canvest Environmental as the Group is the second largest shareholder and
                has appointed a director to the board of Canvest Environmental. Canvest Environmental is accounted for as an associate using the
                equity method accordingly.

          Aggregate information of associates that are not individually material:

                                                                                                                                    2022                        2021
                                                                                                                                  HK$’000                     HK$’000

           The Group’s share of loss                                                                                             (274,278)                    (133,722)
           The Group’s share of other comprehensive (expense) income                                                             (107,179)                     19,177
           The Group’s share of total comprehensive expenses                                                                     (381,458)                    (114,545)
           Dividends received during the year                                                                                         3,523                    34,278
           Aggregate carrying amount of the Group’s interests in the associates                                                 1,078,974                    1,373,744


   (vii) Details of the Group’s principal associates at the end of the reporting period are set out in note 52.




                                                                                                SHANGHAI INDUSTRIAL HOLDINGS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022                      141
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      For the year ended 31 December 2022




      22. INVESTMENTS

                                                                                                                        2022                    2021
                                                                                                                      HK$’000                 HK$’000
             Equity instruments at FVTPL
               Listed equity securities                                                                               268,387                 395,523
               Unlisted equity securities                                                                               7,939                     635
                                                                                                                      276,326                 396,158
             Financial assets at FVTPL
               Listed corporate bonds                                                                                           –               19,366
             Equity instruments at FVTOCI
               Listed equity securities (Note i)                                                                       46,780                  88,063
               Unlisted equity securities (Note ii)                                                                   340,135                 367,999
                                                                                                                      386,915                 456,062
             Total investments                                                                                        663,241                 871,586
             Analysed for reporting purposes as:
               Current portion                                                                                        275,739                 414,889
               Non-current portion                                                                                    387,502                 456,697
                                                                                                                      663,241                 871,586

           Notes:

           (i)    The above listed equity securities as at 31 December 2022 and 2021 represent ordinary shares of entities listed in the PRC and/or HK.
                  These investments are not held for trading, instead, they are held for long-term strategic purposes. The directors of the Company have
                  elected to designate these investments in equity instruments as at FVTOCI as they believe that recognising short-term fluctuations in
                  these investments’ fair value in profit or loss is not be consistent with the Group’s strategy of holding these investments for long-term
                  strategic purposes and realising their performance potential in the long run.

           (ii)   The above unlisted equity securities as at 31 December 2022 and 2021 represent the Group’s equity interest in private entities established
                  in the PRC. The directors of the Company have elected to designate these investments in equity instruments as at FVTOCI as they
                  consider that the equity instruments are held for long-term strategic purposes and will realise their performance in the long run.




142   SHANGHAI INDUSTRIAL HOLDINGS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                           NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                   For the year ended 31 December 2022




23. RECEIVABLES UNDER SERVICE CONCESSION ARRANGEMENTS
   In addition to the Group’s toll road operating rights as disclosed in note 17, the Group also has the following
   service concession arrangements.

   (I) Nature of arrangements
       The Group through its subsidiaries engages in the businesses of waste water treatment, water supply,
       waste incineration and sludge treatment in the PRC and has entered into a number of service concession
       arrangements with certain governmental authorities or their agencies in the PRC on a Build-Operate-
       Transfer (“BOT”), a Transfer-Operate-Transfer (“TOT”), Build-Operate-Own (“BOO”) or Transfer-Operate-
       Own (“TOO”) basis in respect of its businesses. These service concession arrangements generally involve
       the Group as an operator to (i) construct waste water treatment, water supply, waste incineration and
       sludge treatment plants for those arrangements on a BOT and BOO basis; (ii) pay a specific amount for
       those arrangements on a TOT and TOO basis; (iii) operate and maintain the waste water treatment, water
       supply, waste incineration and sludge treatment plants at a specified level of serviceability on behalf of
       the relevant governmental authorities for periods ranging from 20 to 50 years (the “service concession
       periods”), and the Group will be paid for its services over the relevant periods of the service concession
       arrangements at prices stipulated through pricing mechanism. The plants will be transferred to the
       respective grantors at the end of the service concession periods for BOT and TOT.

       The Group is generally entitled to operate all the property, plant and equipment of the waste water
       treatment, water supply, waste incineration and sludge treatment plants, however, the relevant
       governmental authorities as grantors control and regulate the scope of services that the Group provides
       to the waste water treatment, water supply, waste incineration and sludge treatment plants and retain the
       beneficial entitlement to any residual interest in the waste water treatment, water supply, waste incineration
       and sludge treatment plants at the end of the service concession periods. Each of these service
       concession arrangements is governed by a contract and, where applicable, supplementary agreements
       entered into between the Group and the relevant governmental authorities or their agencies in the PRC
       that set out, inter alia, performance standards, mechanisms for adjusting prices for the services rendered
       by the Group, specific obligations levied on the Group to restore the waste water treatment, water supply,
       waste incineration and sludge treatment plants to a specified level of serviceability at the end of the service
       concession periods, and arrangements for arbitrating disputes.




                                                                 SHANGHAI INDUSTRIAL HOLDINGS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022   143
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      For the year ended 31 December 2022




      23. RECEIVABLES UNDER SERVICE CONCESSION ARRANGEMENTS (continued)
           (I) Nature of arrangements (continued)
                At 31 December 2022, the Group had 193 (2021: 186) service concession arrangements on waste
                water treatment, 23 (2021: 22) service concession arrangements on water treatment and distribution, 4
                (2021: 5) service concession arrangements on waste incineration and 10 (2021: 10) service concession
                arrangements on sludge treatment. A summary of the major terms of the principal service concession
                arrangements is set out below:

                                                                                                                    Type of service   Daily design
                 Name of                                                  Location                                  concession        capacity       Service concession
                 subsidiary as operator         Project name              in the PRC              Name of grantor   arrangement       (tons/day)     period
                 Longjiang Environmental        Harbin Wenchang           Harbin, Heilongjiang    哈爾濱市水務局           BOT                1,350,000     29 years from 2011
                   Protection Group Co., Ltd.     Upgrade BOT               Province                                (Financial assets)
                   (“Longjiang Group”)

                 Wuhan Hanxi Wastewater         Wuhan Hanxi Wastewater Wuhan, Hubei Province      武漢市人民政府           BOT                600,000       30 years from 2005
                  Treatment Co., Ltd.            Treatment 1st Stage and                                            (Financial assets)
                                                 2nd Stage (Expansion)

                 Yiyang City Tap Water          Yiyang City Water Supply Yiyang, Hunan Province   益陽市住房和城鄉          TOT and BOT         520,000      28 years from 2016
                   Co., Ltd.                                                                       建設局              (Intangible assets)

                 Wuhan Huang-Pi SIIC            Wuhan Huang-Pi Kaidi      Huang-Pi, Hubei Province 武漢市黄陂區政府         BOT                 430,000      30 years from 2008
                  Water Services Co., Ltd.       Water Supply                                                       (Intangible assets)
                  (“Wuhan Huang-Pi”)

                 Jiamusi Longjiang              Jiamusi Water Supply      Jiamusi, Heilongjiang   佳木斯市新時代城市 TOT                 360,000              30 years from 2012
                    Environmental Protection       TOT                       Province              基礎設施建設投資 (Intangible assets)
                    Water Supply Co., Ltd.                                                         （集團）有限公司

                 Longjiang Group                Harbin Taipin Wastewater Harbin, Heilongjiang     哈爾濱供排水集團          BOT                325,000       25 years from 2005
                                                  Treatment BOT            Province                有限責任公司           (Financial assets)

                 Longjiang Group                Harbin Wenchang        Harbin, Heilongjiang       哈爾濱市水務局           TOT                325,000       30 years from 2010
                                                  Wastewater Treatment   Province                                   (Financial assets)
                                                  TOT

                 Weifang City Tap Water         Weifang City Tap Water    Weifang, Shandong       濰坊市人民政府           TOT and BOT         320,000      25 years from 2007
                  Co., Ltd.                      Supply                    Province                                 (Intangible assets)

                 Mudanjiang Longjiang           Mudanjiang Water Supply Mudanjiang, Heilongjiang 牡丹江市城市投資           TOT                 300,000      30 years from 2010
                  Environmental Protection       TOT                     Province                 集團有限公司            (Intangible assets)
                  Water Supply Co., Ltd.




144   SHANGHAI INDUSTRIAL HOLDINGS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                         NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                 For the year ended 31 December 2022




23. RECEIVABLES UNDER SERVICE CONCESSION ARRANGEMENTS (continued)
   (I) Nature of arrangements (continued)
       As explained in the accounting policy for “Service concession arrangements” set out in note 3, a service
       concession arrangement is accounted for as an intangible asset (operating concession) or a financial
       asset (receivables under service concession arrangements) or a combination of both, as appropriate. The
       intangible asset component is detailed in note 19 and the financial asset component is as follows:

                                                                                        2022                2021
                                                                                      HK$’000             HK$’000
        Receivables under service concession arrangements                         26,815,209           26,774,142
        Less: current portion classified as current assets                          (840,367)            (848,548)
        Non-current portion                                                       25,974,842           25,925,594

       During the year, the Group recognised interest income of HK$1,453,152,000 (2021: HK$1,392,722,000)
       and construction income of HK$3,998,010,000 (2021: HK$3,331,340,000) as revenue under the line
       item “income from infrastructure facilities” from service concession arrangements. The effective interest
       rate applied ranges from 4.9% to 8% (2021: 4.9% to 8%) per annum and the overall gross profit margin
       for construction contracts is at 12% (2021: 12%).

   (II) Provision for major overhauls
       Pursuant to the service concession agreements, the Group has contractual obligations to maintain the
       waste water treatment, water supply, waste incineration and sludge treatment plants to a specified level
       of serviceability and/or to restore the plants to a specified condition before they are handed over to the
       grantors at the end of the service concession periods. These contractual obligations to maintain or restore
       the waste water treatment, water supply, waste incineration and sludge treatment plants, except for any
       upgrade element, are recognised and measured in accordance with HKAS 37, i.e., at the best estimate of
       the expenditure that would be required to settle the present obligation at the end of the reporting period.
       The future expenditure on these maintenance and restoration costs is collectively referred to as “major
       overhauls”. The estimation basis is reviewed on an ongoing basis, and revised where appropriate.

       The movements in the provision for the major overhauls of waste water treatment, water supply, waste
       incineration and sludge treatment plants during the current and prior years are as follows:

                                                                                                          HK$’000
        At 1 January 2021                                                                                   88,160
        Exchange adjustments                                                                                 2,886
        Provided during the year                                                                               682
        Settlement during the year                                                                          (2,430)
        At 31 December 2021                                                                                 89,298
        Exchange adjustments                                                                                (7,043)
        Provided during the year                                                                               386
        Settlement during the year                                                                          (2,157)
        At 31 December 2022                                                                                 80,484




                                                               SHANGHAI INDUSTRIAL HOLDINGS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022   145
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      For the year ended 31 December 2022




      24. DEPOSITS PAID ON ACQUISITION OF NON-CURRENT ASSETS

                                                                                                                                                                       2022                            2021
                                                                                                                                                                     HK$’000                         HK$’000
             Services concession arrangements                                                                                                                         168,455                      193,910
             Acquisition of land parcels (Note i)                                                                                                                   4,403,038                    7,569,938
             Others (Note ii)                                                                                                                                         105,942                      196,170
                                                                                                                                                                    4,677,435                    7,960,018

           Notes:

           (i)     During the year ended 31 December 2020, the Group won the bid in respect of three parcels of land located in Shanghai, the PRC,
                   through listing for sale at a total consideration of approximately RMB3,893 million (equivalent to approximately HK$4,625 million), for the
                   purpose of development into an urban complex with A grade office building, service apartment, theme commercial building and cultural
                   and entertainment facilities. As at 31 December 2020, an amount of RMB1,500 million (equivalent to approximately HK$1,782 million)
                   was paid and included as deposit paid. During the year ended 31 December 2021, the remaining consideration is paid and the full
                   amount of approximately RMB3,893 million is accounted for as a deposit paid as the transaction is yet to complete.

                   During the year ended 31 December 2021, the Group entered into a land use right transfer contract to acquire a parcel of land located
                   in Shanghai, the PRC for the development of commercial buildings at a consideration of approximately RMB2,277 million (equivalent
                   to approximately HK$2,731 million). As at 31 December 2021, the consideration was fully paid and accounted for as a deposit paid as
                   transaction is yet to complete. During the current year, the Group formed a joint venture to develop the land and the deposit paid for the
                   land parcel was transferred to the joint venture as part of the Group’s capital contribution as disclosed in note 20.

           (ii)    Others represent deposits paid by the Group in connection with the acquisition of property, plant and equipment and intangible assets for
                   the Group’s new production facilities and projects under infrastructure facilities segment. The related capital commitments are disclosed
                   in note 43.


      25. DEFERRED TAXATION
           The following are the major deferred tax liabilities (assets) recognised by the Group and movements thereon
           during the current and prior years:

                                                                                                                                                                         LAT on
                                                                                                                                                                      properties
                                                                                      Amortisation Revaluation      LAT on                 Fair value                     under
                                                                       Accelerated     of toll road         of revaluation               adjustments Undistributed development/      Other          Other
                                                                                tax     operating investment of investment               on business earnings of properties deferred tax         deferred
                                                                       depreciation          rights properties properties    Tax losses combinations PRC entities held for sale liabilities    tax assets      Total
                                                                          HK$’000        HK$’000     HK$’000      HK$’000     HK$’000       HK$’000      HK$’000       HK$’000   HK$’000        HK$’000     HK$’000
             At 1 January 2021                                            163,166       180,169 3,471,919 1,924,736           (87,722) 1,389,087         346,491       30,795       807,977     (77,541) 8,149,077
             Exchange adjustments                                           1,586         7,624    51,211    69,119            (2,193)    75,367           5,658          835        34,605      (1,629) 242,183
             Additions through acquisition of subsidiaries (note 37)            –             –         –         –                 –          –               –            –        14,400           –     14,400
             Disposal of a subsidiary (note 40)                                 –             – (121,021) (89,603)                  –          –               –            –             –      35,972 (174,652)
             (Credited) charged to profit or loss                         (71,273)       (5,083)   12,830   163,995             1,292 (177,954)          108,055       (9,627)      118,623      (6,838) 134,020
             Credited to other comprehensive income                             –             –         –         –                 –          –               –            –        (6,269)          –     (6,269)
             At 31 December 2021                                           93,479       182,710 3,414,939 2,068,247           (88,623)     1,286,500     460,204       22,003       969,336     (50,036) 8,358,759
             Exchange adjustments                                          (3,917)      (14,543) (186,267) (123,815)            7,041       (213,034)    (29,404)      (1,586)      (46,493)      3,836 (608,182)
             Additions through acquisition of a subsidiary (note 37)         (760)            –         –         –                 –              –           –            –             –           –       (760)
             Liquidation of a subsidiary (note 41)                              –             –         –   (11,745)                –              –           –            –             –           –    (11,745)
             Disposal of a subsidiary (note 40)                           (29,509)            –         –         –                 –              –           –            –             –           –    (29,509)
             (Credited) charged to profit or loss                         102,450         3,846     2,549    35,095               309        (90,387)    (64,054)      (5,284)       92,216      (9,398)    67,342
             Credited to other comprehensive income                             –             –         –         –                 –              –           –            –        (6,724)          –     (6,724)
             At 31 December 2022                                          161,743       172,013     3,231,221    1,967,782    (81,273)      983,079      366,746       15,133     1,008,335     (55,598) 7,769,181




146   SHANGHAI INDUSTRIAL HOLDINGS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                                        NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                         For the year ended 31 December 2022




25. DEFERRED TAXATION (continued)
   Notes:

   (i)     For the purpose of presentation in the consolidated statement of financial position, certain deferred tax assets and liabilities have been
           offset. The following is the analysis of the deferred tax balances for financial reporting purposes:

                                                                                                                    2022                    2021
                                                                                                                  HK$’000                 HK$’000

            Deferred tax liabilities                                                                            7,924,365               8,495,150
            Deferred tax assets                                                                                  (155,184)               (136,391)
                                                                                                                7,769,181               8,358,759


   (ii)    At the end of the reporting period, the Group had unused tax losses of approximately HK$10,752 million (2021: HK$10,780 million)
           available for offset against future assessable profits. A deferred tax asset amounting to approximately HK$81.3 million (2021: HK$88.6
           million) in respect of tax losses amounting to approximately HK$327 million (2021: HK$355 million) has been recognised. No deferred
           tax asset was recognised in respect of the remaining tax losses of approximately HK$10,425 million (2021: HK$10,425 million) due to
           the unpredictability of future profit streams. The Hong Kong tax losses of approximately HK$29.9 million (2021: HK$24.9 million) may be
           carried forward indefinitely and the remaining PRC tax losses of approximately HK$10,817 million (2021: HK$10,401 million) will expire
           in various dates in the next five years.

   (iii)   Under the Law of the PRC on EIT, withholding tax is imposed on dividends declared in respect of profits earned by PRC entities from 1
           January 2008 onwards. At the end of the reporting period, the aggregate amount of temporary differences associated with undistributed
           profits of subsidiaries for which deferred tax liabilities have not been recognised was approximately HK$3,074 million (2021: HK$3,168
           million). No liability has been recognised in respect of these differences because the Group is in a position to control the timing of the
           reversal of the temporary differences and it is probable that such differences will not reverse in the foreseeable future.

   (iv)    Other deferred tax liabilities mainly include deferred tax on fair value change of financial assets classified as held for trading. Other
           deferred tax assets include deferred tax on (a) impairment loss on bad and doubtful debts, (b) pre-operating expenses and (c) accrued
           expenses.


26. INVENTORIES

                                                                                                                 2022                    2021
                                                                                                               HK$’000                 HK$’000
      Properties under development held for sale                                                           23,403,772              39,030,615
      Properties held for sale                                                                             15,477,645              12,683,567
      Raw materials                                                                                         1,430,020               1,286,055
      Work in progress                                                                                         41,326                  61,394
      Finished goods                                                                                          286,229                 346,024
      Merchandise held for resale                                                                              27,900                  33,518
                                                                                                           40,666,892              53,441,173

   At 31 December 2022, included in the above balances were properties under development held for sale of
   HK$13,675,599,000 (2021: HK$29,491,930,000) which are not expected to be realised within one year.

   Included in the properties held for sale as at 31 December 2022 were an amount of HK$5,853,281,000 (2021:
   HK$6,895,090,000) which represents properties located in first-tier cities, such as Beijing and Shanghai, the
   PRC and an amount of HK$9,624,364,000 (2021: HK$5,788,477,000) which represents properties located in
   other cities in the PRC.

   Out of the above properties located in other cities in the PRC, an amount of HK$4,917,646,000 (2021:
   HK$1,916,914,000) had no pre-sale during the year and an amount of HK$1,735,264,000 (2021:
   HK$1,916,914,000) was identified as the Concerned PHFS by the management of the Group as detailed
   below.




                                                                                    SHANGHAI INDUSTRIAL HOLDINGS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022             147
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      For the year ended 31 December 2022




      26. INVENTORIES (continued)
           As disclosed in note 4, the management of the Group identified the Concerned PHFS by reference to the
           cities and locations where the PHFS are located, the pre-sale status and other relevant market factors. The
           management of the Group assessed the net realisable values of the Concerned PHFS as at 31 December 2022,
           with reference to the valuations conducted by the Valuers. The net realisable values of the Group’s Concerned
           PHFS were arrived at by the Valuers with reference to transaction price of comparable properties in the similar
           or same locations with adjustments made according to nature of each property and its specific location and
           condition.

           The Valuers represent C&W, which have appropriate qualification and recent experience in the valuation of
           similar properties in the relevant locations. The Concerned PHFS were valued individually, on market value
           basis, which conforms to HKIS Valuation Standards 2017 published by Hong Kong Institute of Surveyors.

           During the year ended 31 December 2022, included in the impairment loss on properties held for sales of
           HK$55,448,000 (2021: reversal of impairment loss of HK$30,781,000) recognised in profit or loss is a reversal
           of impairment loss of HK$225,000 (2021: HK$nil) in respect of concerned PHFS.

           During the year ended 31 December 2021, reversal of impairment loss of HK$30,781,000 (2022: HK$nil) in
           respect of certain public affordable housing in the PRC was recognised in profit or loss.

           During the year ended 31 December 2022, an impairment loss of HK$13,806,000 (2021: HK$909,692,000)
           on certain properties under development held for sales is recognised, on the basis that the expected unit sales
           price, by referencing to the market unit price of other similar properties at the same location, is lower than the
           unit cost.

           Included in properties under development held for sales is leasehold lands measured at cost less any
           accumulated depreciation and any impairment losses. The residual values are determined as the estimated
           disposal value of the leasehold land component. No depreciation charge is made on the leasehold lands taking
           into account the estimated residual values as at 31 December 2022 and 2021.

      27. TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES

                                                                                                 2022               2021
                                                                                               HK$’000            HK$’000
            Trade receivables
              – Goods and services                                                           5,356,519          4,197,054
              – Lease receivables                                                               12,036             15,512
                                                                                             5,368,555          4,212,566
            Less: allowance for credit loss                                                   (513,593)          (484,621)
                                                                                             4,854,962          3,727,945
            Other receivables (Note iv)                                                      3,689,974          3,717,653
            Amounts due from related parties (Note v)                                        2,926,705          1,361,641
            Prepayments for acquisition of parcels of land (Note vi)                                 –          3,472,790
            Total trade and other receivables                                               11,471,641         12,280,029

           As at 1 January 2021, trade receivable from contracts with customers amounted to HK$3,740,179,000.




148   SHANGHAI INDUSTRIAL HOLDINGS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                                        NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                           For the year ended 31 December 2022




27. TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES (continued)
   Notes:

   (i)     Before accepting any new customer, the Group assesses the potential customer’s credit quality by investigating their historical credit
           records and defines credit limits by customer. Credit sales are made to customers with good credit history and credit limits granted to
           customers are under regular review. Majority of the trade receivables that are neither past due nor impaired has no default payment
           history.

   (ii)    The Group generally allows credit periods ranging from 30 days to 180 days to its trade customers, other than property buyers. For
           property sales, due to the nature of business, the Group generally grants no credit period to property buyers, unless it is specially
           approved. The following is an aged analysis of trade receivables, net of allowance for credit loss, presented based on the invoice or
           contract date, which approximates the respective revenue recognition dates.

                                                                                                                     2022                    2021
                                                                                                                   HK$’000                 HK$’000

            Within 30 days                                                                                       1,304,312                1,149,695
            Within 31-60 days                                                                                      549,536                  455,140
            Within 61-90 days                                                                                      438,491                  283,650
            Within 91-180 days                                                                                   1,012,966                  521,820
            Within 181-365 days                                                                                    726,332                  603,190
            Over 365 days                                                                                          823,325                  714,450
                                                                                                                 4,854,962                3,727,945


   (iii)   As at 31 December 2022, included in the Group’s trade receivables balance are debtors with an aggregate carrying amount of
           HK$2,378,518,000 (2021: HK$1,927,261,000) which is past due as at reporting date. The management of the Group considers no
           deterioration in credit qualities of the debtors and the settlement records from those debtors are satisfactory, the management of the
           Group concludes that these debtors are not considered a default and the impact of ECL for this past due trade receivables is insignificant.

   (iv)    As at 31 December 2022, other receivables amounting HK$3,689,974,000 (net of allowance of HK$2,424,741,000) (2021:
           HK$3,717,653,000 (net of allowance of HK$2,412,910,000)), mainly represented advances to contractors, other tax recoverable, sundry
           advance payments, prepayments and deposits.

   (v)     As at 31 December 2022, included in amounts due from related parties were: (i) unsecured amounts of HK$1,086,170,000 (2021:
           HK$957,760,000) due from certain associates of which an amount of HK$878,743,000 (2021: HK$589,284,000) carries fixed interest
           at prevailing market interest rates, an amount of HK$273,007,000 (2021: HK$319,018,000) entrustment fund provided by the Group
           and (ii) amounts of HK$1,840,535,000 (2021: HK$403,881,000) due from certain joint ventures with amounts of HK$1,536,568,000
           (2021: HK$99,814,000) carries fixed interest at prevailing market interest rates.

   (vi)    The balance as at 31 December 2021 represented the full amount of consideration paid to the Shanghai government department in
           Qingpu and Lianggang district respectively to acquire parcels of land in Shanghai in the PRC for the development of residential properties
           for sales and the land use right certificates were not obtained. During the current year, the Group obtained the land use right certificates
           and the amount was then transferred to properties under development held for sale.

   (vii) Details of impairment assessment of trade and other receivables are set out in note 55(b).


28. CONTRACT ASSETS

                                                                                                                   2022                    2021
                                                                                                                 HK$’000                 HK$’000
      Amounts due from contract customers                                                                          87,882                116,869

   As at 1 January 2021, contract assets amounted to HK$403,204,000.

   The contract assets primarily relate to the Group’s right to consideration for work completed and not billed
   because the rights are conditional on the Group’s future performance. The contract assets are transferred to
   trade receivables when the rights become unconditional.

   The Group’s construction contracts include payment schedules which require stage payments over the
   construction period once certain specified milestones are reached. The Group has recognised a contract
   asset for any works performed. Any amount previously recognised as a contract asset is reclassified to trade
   receivables at the point at which it is invoiced to the customer.

   The Group classifies these contract assets as current because the Group expects to realise them in its normal
   operating cycle.

                                                                                     SHANGHAI INDUSTRIAL HOLDINGS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022              149
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      For the year ended 31 December 2022




      29. CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS/PLEDGED BANK DEPOSITS/SHORT-TERM BANK DEPOSITS
           Cash and cash equivalents/pledged bank deposits
           Cash and cash equivalents include demand deposits and short term deposits for the purpose of meeting the
           Group’s short term cash commitments, which carry interest at market rates range from 0.01% to 3.65% (2021:
           0.1% to 4.18%).

           Pledged bank deposits carry fixed interest rate of 0.1% to 3% (2021: 0.16% to 0.26%) and represent deposits
           pledged to banks to secure banking facilities granted to the Group. Deposits amounting to HK$228,583,000
           (2021: HK$ 709,526,000) have been pledged to secure bank loans and are therefore classified as current
           assets. The pledged bank deposits will be released upon the settlement of relevant bank borrowings.

           The amounts of the Group’s pledged bank deposits, short-term bank deposits and cash and cash equivalents
           that are denominated in currencies other than the functional currency of the relevant group entities are set out
           below:

                                                                                                                         2022                     2021
                                                                                                                       HK$’000                  HK$’000
             Renminbi                                                                                                  285,682                596,631
             United States dollar                                                                                      655,686              1,217,135
             Hong Kong dollar                                                                                          107,388                286,470


      30. TRADE AND OTHER PAYABLES

                                                                                                                         2022                     2021
                                                                                                                       HK$’000                  HK$’000
             Trade payables (Note i)                                                                                6,541,743               6,988,925
             Bills payables                                                                                            38,707                 430,444
             Other payables (Note ii)                                                                              12,914,771              14,766,535
             Total trade and other payables                                                                        19,495,221              22,185,904

           Notes:

           (i)    The following is an aged analysis of trade payables presented based on the invoice date at the end of the reporting period.

                                                                                                                           2022                    2021
                                                                                                                         HK$’000                 HK$’000

                    Within 30 days                                                                                     3,811,887                3,286,268
                    Within 31-60 days                                                                                    244,481                  232,677
                    Within 61-90 days                                                                                    119,369                  132,927
                    Within 91-180 days                                                                                   289,039                  401,685
                    Within 181-365 days                                                                                  320,681                1,217,757
                    Over 365 days                                                                                      1,756,286                1,717,611
                                                                                                                       6,541,743                6,988,925


           (ii)   Included in other payables as at 31 December 2022 were (a) amounts of HK$43,145,000 (2021: HK$47,649,000), due to State-owned
                  Assets Supervision and Administration Commission of Shanghai Xuhui District (the “Xuhui SASAC”) and entities controlled by the Xuhui
                  SASAC (see note 47(I)(a)(iii)), (b) amounts of HK$125,737,000 (2021: HK$138,051,000) due to certain fellow subsidiaries, which are
                  unsecured and have no fixed terms of repayment, (c) amounts of HK$1,621,456,000 (2021: HK$3,334,054,000) due to non-controlling
                  interests, of which the amount of HK$684,720,000 (2021: HK$570,798,000) carries fixed interest at prevailing market interest rates, (d)
                  amounts of HK$180,358,000 (2021: HK$195,405,000) due to other related parties, which are unsecured and have no fixed terms of
                  repayment, and (e) accrued expenditure on properties under development of HK$2,559,738,000 (2021: HK$3,038,742,000).




150   SHANGHAI INDUSTRIAL HOLDINGS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                                       NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                         For the year ended 31 December 2022




31. CONTRACT LIABILITIES

                                                                                                                2022                    2021
                                                                                                              HK$’000                 HK$’000
     Amounts due to contract customers (Note i)                                                               32,832                  44,150
     Customers deposits from sales of properties (Note ii)                                                15,536,124              20,574,581
                                                                                                          15,568,956              20,618,731

   At as 1 January 2021, contract liabilities amounted to HK$21,695,922,000.

   Notes:

   (i)    Construction contracts

          When the Group receives deposits before the construction activity commences, this will give rise to contract liabilities at the start of a
          contract, until the revenue recognised on the relevant contract exceeds the amount of the deposit.

   (ii)   Sales of properties

          Customers deposits from sales of properties are liabilities in relation to sale and purchase agreements entered into with property buyers
          and their proceeds received on sales of property units that have not been recognised as revenue in accordance with the Group’s revenue
          recognition policy. The Group normally receives 30% to 100% of the contract value as pre-sale proceeds from property buyers when they
          sign the sale and purchase agreement. The revenue recognised included in the contract liabilities at the beginning of the year amounted
          to HK$11,401,504,000 (2021: HK$19,122,643,000).

          For properties under development for sale, the Group typically provides guarantees to banks in connection with the property buyers’
          mortgage loans to finance their purchase of the properties for an amount up to 70% of the total purchase price of the property. If a
          purchaser defaults on the payment of its mortgage during the term of the guarantee, the bank holding the mortgage may demand the
          Group to repay the outstanding amount under the loan and any accrued interest thereon. Under such circumstances, the Group is
          able to retain the property buyer’s deposits and sell the property to recover any amounts paid by the Group to the bank. Unless there
          is significant drop in the market price, which is remote as considered by the directors of the Company, the Group would not be in a
          significant loss position in selling those properties out.


32. DEFERRED INCOME
   On 22 June 2021, the Group through its indirect wholly-owned subsidiaries, entered into three compensation
   agreements with Shanghai Municipal Transportation Commission and Shanghai Municipal Investment (Group)
   Corporation, pursuant to which Shanghai Municipal transportation Commission agreed to pay the Group a pre-
   tax aggregate amount of RMB3,553 million (equivalent to approximately HK$4,272 million) as the economic
   compensation for the reduction of future toll fee revenue as a result from the waivers of toll mileage of certain
   entry sections of the three expressways operated by the Group. The Group continues to be responsible for the
   maintenance and operation of those entry sections of the relevant expressways for the remaining period of the
   respective toll road operating rights. The amount had been treated as deferred income.

   The amount is transferred to other income on a units-of-usage basis, calculated based on the proportion of
   actual traffic volume for a particular period to the projected total traffic volume over the period for which the
   Group is granted the rights to operate toll road. This policy has resulted in a credit to other income in the
   current year of HK$290 million (2021: HK$409 million). As at 31 December 2022, an amount of RMB2,860
   million (equivalent to approximately HK$3,232 million) (2021: RMB3,110 million (equivalent to approximately
   HK$3,816 million)) remains to be amortised.




                                                                                   SHANGHAI INDUSTRIAL HOLDINGS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022             151
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      For the year ended 31 December 2022




      33. BANK AND OTHER BORROWINGS

                                                                                                                            2022                    2021
                                                                                                                          HK$’000                 HK$’000
              Bank loans                                                                                             47,322,197               49,375,810
              Other loans                                                                                            11,408,796               14,881,325
                                                                                                                     58,730,993               64,257,135
              Analysed as:
                Secured                                                                                              14,180,397               17,795,066
                Unsecured                                                                                            44,550,596               46,462,069
                                                                                                                     58,730,993               64,257,135
              Carrying amount repayable:
                Within one year                                                                                      17,902,765               23,637,611
                More than one year but not more than two years                                                       11,433,780                7,220,864
                More than two years but not more than five years                                                     21,523,684               22,669,157
                Over five years                                                                                       7,870,764               10,729,503
                                                                                                                     58,730,993               64,257,135
              Less: amounts due within one year shown under current liabilities                                     (17,902,765)             (23,637,611)
                                                                                                                     40,828,228               40,619,524
              Floating rate
                 – expiring within one year                                                                          12,696,895               14,220,343
                 – expiring beyond one year                                                                          32,977,465               35,467,721
              Fixed rate
                 – expiring within one year                                                                            5,205,870                9,417,268
                 – expiring beyond one year                                                                            7,850,763                5,151,803
                                                                                                                     58,730,993               64,257,135

           Notes:

           (i)     The ranges of effective interest rates (which are also equal to contracted interest rates) on the Group’s borrowings are as follows:

                                                                                                                                2022                      2021

                    Effective interest rate:
                       Fixed-rate borrowings                                                                           0.80%-5.66%             0.80%-6.79%
                       Variable-rate borrowings                                                                        0.80%-7.40%             0.89%-6.51%


           (ii)    Included in the Group’s bank borrowings is an amount of approximately HK$7,373 million (2021: HK$6,989 million) drawn under
                   syndicated loan facilities of approximately HK$7,373 million (2021: HK$6,989 million) obtained by the Group. During the year 31
                   December 2022, transaction costs of approximately HK$28 million (2021: HK$nil) which were directly attributable to such bank
                   borrowings were deducted from the fair values of the bank borrowings on initial recognition. At 31 December 2022, the carrying value of
                   such bank borrowings was approximately HK$7,373 million (2021: HK$6,989 million).

           (iii)   Included in other loans are advanced bonds and medium term notes (the “Bonds and Notes”) with an aggregate amount of
                   HK$11,223,507,000 (2021: HK$14,494,741,000) issued by non-wholly owned subsidiaries of the Group (the “Issuers”) in the PRC,
                   which are listed on Shanghai Stock Exchange. The Bonds and Notes with an aggregate principal amount of RMB11,410,000,000 (2021:
                   RMB12,300,000,000), are unsecured and have maturities of three to five years (2021: three to seven years) falling due between 2023
                   and 2026 (2021: 2022 and 2026). The bondholders have the rights to request the Issuers to redeem the bonds at their third to fifth
                   anniversary. The Bonds and Notes carry interest at fixed rates of 3.07% to 4.07% per annum or a variable rate of Shanghai Interbank
                   Offered Rate plus 1.00% per annum (2021: a fixed rate of 2.84% to 4.47% per annum or a variable rate of Shanghai Interbank Offered
                   Rate plus 1.00% per annum). The range of effective interest rates applied to the Bonds and Notes range from 2.85% to 4.39% per
                   annum (2021: 2.84% to 4.71% per annum).




152   SHANGHAI INDUSTRIAL HOLDINGS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                                    NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                  For the year ended 31 December 2022




33. BANK AND OTHER BORROWINGS (continued)
   Notes: (continued)

   (iv)   Certain bank facilities granted to the Group include requirements that (a) SIIC retains management control over the Company and
          holds not less than 35% of the Company’s voting capital and (b) SIIC remains under the control of the Shanghai Municipal People’s
          Government.

   (v)    The Group’s variable-rate borrowings carry interest at HIBOR, Loan Prime Rate (“LPR”) and People’s Bank of China Lending Rate
          (“PBOCLR”).


34. LEASE LIABILITIES

                                                                                                          2022                  2021
                                                                                                        HK$’000               HK$’000
     Lease liabilities payable:

     Within one year                                                                                     85,724               100,582
     Within a period of more than one year but not more than two years                                   67,357                74,469
     Within a period of more than two years but not more than five years                                 37,579                46,245
     Within a period of more than five years                                                             20,103                27,957
                                                                                                        210,763               249,253
     Less: Amounts due for settlement with 12 months shown
       under current liabilities                                                                        (85,724)             (100,582)
     Amounts due for settlement after 12 months shown under
      non-current liabilities                                                                           125,039               148,671

   The weighted average incremental borrowing rates applied to lease liabilities range from 4.35% to 4.9% per
   annum (2021: 4.35% to 4.90% per annum).

   Lease obligations that are denominated in currencies other than the functional currencies of the relevant group
   entities are set out below:

                                                                                                          HKD                    RMB
                                                                                                       HK$’000                HK$’000
     As at 31 December 2022                                                                              15,335               117,921
     As at 31 December 2021                                                                              11,422               159,664


35. SHARE CAPITAL

                                                                                                     Number of
                                                                                                ordinary shares                Amount
                                                                                                                              HK$’000
     Ordinary shares, issued and fully paid:

     At 1 January 2021, 31 December 2021 and 31 December 2022                                   1,087,211,600             13,649,839




                                                                              SHANGHAI INDUSTRIAL HOLDINGS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022         153
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      For the year ended 31 December 2022




      36. SHARE-BASED PAYMENT TRANSACTIONS
           Details of the equity-settled share option schemes adopted by the Company and other members of the Group
           are as follows:

           (I) SIHL Scheme
                The principal terms of the SIHL Scheme are set out below.

                The Company, in accordance with Chapter 17 of the Listing Rules, adopted a share option scheme (the
                “SIHL Scheme”), as approved by the shareholders of the Company at the extraordinary general meeting
                held on 25 May 2012. The SIHL Scheme shall be valid and effective for a period of 10 years commencing
                the date of its adoption, after which period no further share options will be granted. The SIHL Scheme is to
                provide the Company with a flexible means of giving incentive to, rewarding, remunerating, compensating
                and/or providing benefits to the eligible participants and for such other purposes as the board of director (the
                “Board”) may approve from time to time.

                According to the SIHL Scheme, the Board of the Company may grant options to any director or employee
                of each member of the Group (including a company in which (i) the Company is directly or indirectly
                interested in less than 20% of the issued share capital or equity interest or voting rights of such company
                but is the largest shareholder or the holder of the largest voting rights of such company; or (ii) in the
                opinion of the Board of the Company, the Company is able to exercise significant influence to such
                company); and any executive or employee of any business consultant, professional and other advisers in
                each member of the Group who have rendered service or will render service to the Group, to subscribe for
                shares in the Company for a consideration of HK$1 for each lot of share options granted. Share options
                granted should be accepted within 30 days from the date of grant.

                The Board of the Company may at its absolute discretion, determine and notify each grantee the period
                during which a share option may be exercised, such period should expire not later than 10 years from
                the date of grant of the share options. Subject to the provisions of the SIHL Scheme, the Board of the
                Company may at its discretion when offering the grant of a share option impose any conditions, restrictions
                or limitations in relation thereto as it may think fit.

                The subscription price for shares in the Company shall be a price solely determined by the Board of the
                Company and notified to an eligible participant, and shall be at least the highest of: (i) the closing price
                of the Company’s shares on the date of grant; (ii) the average closing price of the Company’s shares for
                the five trading days immediately preceding the date of grant; and (iii) the nominal value of a share of the
                Company.

                The total number of shares which may be issued upon exercise of all options to be granted under the
                SIHL Scheme and any other share option schemes of the Company shall not in aggregate to exceed 10%
                of the total number of shares of the Company in issue as at the date of approval of the SIHL Scheme. The
                maximum number of shares which may be issued upon exercise of all outstanding options granted and
                yet to be exercised under the SIHL Scheme and any other share option schemes of the Company shall not
                exceed 30% (or such higher percentage as may be allowed under the Listing Rules) of the total number of
                shares in issue from time to time. The total number of shares issued and to be issued upon exercise of the
                options granted to each participant under the SIHL Scheme and any other option schemes (including both
                exercised, cancelled and outstanding options) in any 12-month period shall not exceed 1% of the total
                number of shares in issue unless approved by the shareholders of the Company.

                During both years, no options were granted or outstanding under the SIHL Scheme.




154   SHANGHAI INDUSTRIAL HOLDINGS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                           NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                   For the year ended 31 December 2022




36. SHARE-BASED PAYMENT TRANSACTIONS (continued)
   (II) SI Urban Development Scheme
       The principal terms of the SI Urban Development Scheme are set out below.

       SI Urban Development, operates a share option scheme (the “SI Urban Development Scheme”) which was
       first adopted on 16 May 2013 in an annual general meeting of SI Urban Development. Under the SI Urban
       Development Scheme, the total number of shares which may be issued upon exercise of all outstanding
       options granted and yet to be exercised under the SI Urban Development Scheme and options granted
       and yet to be exercised under any other schemes shall not exceed 30% of the issued share capital of SI
       Urban Development from time to time. The maximum number of shares issued and to be issued upon
       exercise of the options granted to each participant in any 12-month period must not exceed 1% of the
       issued share capital of SI Urban Development at any time.

       The offer of a grant of options may be accepted within 21 days from the date of the offer with signed
       acceptance letter comprising consideration of HK$1 received by SI Urban Development. The exercise
       period of the share options granted is determinable by the directors of SI Urban Development, but no later
       than 10 years from the date of the offer. The subscription price for the shares in respect of which options
       are granted is determinable by the directors of SI Urban Development, but in any case must be the highest
       of (i) the closing price of SI Urban Development’s shares as stated in the Stock Exchange’s daily quotations
       sheet on the date of the grant; (ii) the average closing price of SI Urban Development’s shares as stated in
       the Stock Exchange’s daily quotations sheets for the five business days immediately preceding the date of
       grant; and (iii) the nominal value of SI Urban Development’s shares.

       During both years, no options were granted or outstanding under the SI Urban Development Scheme.

   (III) SIIC Environment Scheme
       The principal terms of the SIIC Environment Scheme are set out below.

       SIIC Environment operates a share option scheme (the “SIIC Environment Scheme”), which was adopted
       on 27 April 2012 in an extraordinary general meeting of SIIC Environment. The SIIC Environment Scheme
       shall be valid and effective for a period of 5 years commencing the date of its adoption, after which period
       no further share options will be granted. The aggregate nominal amount of shares which may be issued
       and issuable in respect of all options granted under the SIIC Environment Scheme, shall not exceed 15%
       of the issued share capital of SIIC Environment (excluding treasury shares) from time to time.

       Under the SIIC Environment Scheme, the aggregate number of shares in relation to the grant of options
       that are available to the controlling shareholders or their associates shall not exceed 25% of the total
       number of shares which may be granted under the SIIC Environment Scheme. The number of shares
       available to any one controlling shareholder or his/her associate(s) shall not exceed 10% of the total
       number of shares which may be granted under the SIIC Environment Scheme.

       Under the SIIC Environment Scheme, SIIC Environment can grant options at a price which is equal to the
       average of the last dealt prices for the share, as determined by reference of the daily official list or any
       other publication published by the SGX-ST for the three consecutive trading days immediately preceding
       the date of grant (“Price”). Options will not be granted at a discount to the Price.

       The offer of the grant of an option is to be accepted by the grantee within 30 days from the date of
       offer of that option and, in any event, not later than 5:00 p.m. on the 30th day from such date of offer
       by completing, signing and returning the acceptance form accompanied by payment of S$1.00 as
       consideration. The exercise period of the share options granted is determinable by the remuneration
       committee of SIIC Environment. Options granted with exercise price set at Price are only to be exercisable,
       in whole or in part, after the 1st anniversary of the date of offer. Options granted to non-executive directors
       and employees of the associated companies can be exercised before the 5th anniversary of the relevant
       date of offer.

       During both years, no options were granted or outstanding under the SIIC Environment Scheme.




                                                                 SHANGHAI INDUSTRIAL HOLDINGS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022   155
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      For the year ended 31 December 2022




      37. ACQUISITION OF SUBSIDIARIES
           For the year ended 31 December 2022
           (i) Yunnan Water (Hong Kong) Co., Ltd.
               On 3 November 2022, SIIC Environment acquired 100% equity interests in Yunnan Water (Hong Kong)
               Co., Ltd. (“Yun Shui”) at a cash consideration of RMB296,260,000 (equivalent to HK$ 332,428,000)
               from certain independent third parties. Yun Shui is principally involved in the operation of 3 waste water
               treatment plants and 1 water supply plant with total design capacity of 160,000 tonnes/day, and is based
               in provinces of Jiangsu and Zhejiang, PRC.

                Details of the assets acquired, liabilities recognised and consideration transferred in respect of the above
                acquisition are as follows:

                                                                                                                 HK$’000
                 Consideration:
                 Cash paid                                                                                       332,428
                 Assets acquired and liabilities recognised at the date
                   of acquisition (determined on a provisional basis):
                 Property, plant and equipment                                                                        132
                 Other intangible assets                                                                          418,037
                 Deferred tax assets                                                                                  760
                 Trade and other receivables                                                                      167,344
                 Inventories                                                                                          497
                 Cash and cash equivalents                                                                         18,649
                 Trade and other payables                                                                        (166,786)
                 Bank borrowings                                                                                 (106,205)
                                                                                                                 332,428
                 Net cash outflow arising from acquisition:
                 Cash consideration paid                                                                         332,428
                 Less: Cash and cash equivalents acquired                                                        (18,649)
                 Net cash outflow on acquisition                                                                 313,779

                The purchases price allocation in respect of the above acquisition has not yet been finalised at the date of
                issuance of these consolidated financial statements.

                No pro forma information for the acquisition of Yun Shui are prepared as the acquisitions would have no
                significant contribution to the Group’s revenue or financial performance for the period from 1 January
                2022 to respective dates of acquisition and the pro forma revenue and results of operations of the Group
                for the acquisitions approximate the Group’s revenue and results for the year ended 31 December 2022.




156   SHANGHAI INDUSTRIAL HOLDINGS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                         NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                 For the year ended 31 December 2022




37. ACQUISITION OF SUBSIDIARIES (continued)
   For the year ended 31 December 2022 (continued)
   (ii) Shanghai Industrial Clean Energy
        On 21 June 2022,上海躋沄基礎建設有限公司(“Shanghai Jiyun”), a wholly-owned subsidiary of the
        Company, completed acquisition of 40% equity interest in the上實清潔能源（上海）有限公司(“Shanghai
        Industrial Clean Energy”) from上海上投資產經營有限公司(“Shangtou Asset”) as disclosed in note 47 (I)
        (h). The Company commenced to account for Shanghai Industrial Clean Energy using the principles of
        merger accounting as its subsidiary as Shanghai Industrial Clean Energy is under the common control of
        SIIC. No restatement of the comparative figures for the year ended 31 December 2022 has been made
        on the consolidated financial statements because the financial impact of the restatement of the assets
        and liabilities as at 1 January 2021 and 31 December 2021 and the profit or loss for the year ended 31
        December 2021 are not material to the Group.

   For the year ended 31 December 2021
   Except for below acquisition, the Group has no other significant acquisitions during the year ended 31
   December 2021.

   (i) Chelsea Securities Limited (“CSL”)
       In February 2021, SI Urban Development acquired 80% equity interests in CSL at a cash consideration of
       HK$56,000,000 from certain independent third parties. This acquisition was accounted for as a business
       combination. CSL operates in Hong Kong and is principally engaged securities dealing and portfolio
       management. CSL was acquired to enhance the competitiveness of the Group’s business and explore a
       new dimension in Hong Kong.

   (ii) Henan Wennuo Environmental Protection Technology Co., Ltd. (“Henan Wennuo”)
        In April 2021, SIIC Environment through its 92.2% owned subsidiary, Fudan Water Engineering and
        Technology Co., Ltd. and its 75% owned subsidiary, SIIC Henan Investment Co., Ltd., completed the
        acquisition of 80% equity interest in Henan Wennuo at a total consideration of RMB63,982,000 (equivalent
        to HK$76,754,000). Henan Wennuo is principally involved in the operation of waste water treatment plant
        with total design capacity of 300,000 tons/day, and is based in Luohe City, Henan Province, the PRC.




                                                               SHANGHAI INDUSTRIAL HOLDINGS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022   157
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      For the year ended 31 December 2022




      37. ACQUISITION OF SUBSIDIARIES (continued)
           For the year ended 31 December 2021 (continued)

                                                                     CSL     Henan Wennuo       Total
                                                                 HK$’000          HK$’000    HK$’000
            Consideration:
            Cash paid                                             26,000           62,632     88,632
            Deposit paid in previous years                        30,000                –     30,000
            Consideration payable (included in other
              payable as at 31 December 2021)                           –          14,122     14,122
                                                                  56,000           76,754    132,754
            Assets acquired and liabilities recognised
               at the dates of acquisitions:
            Property, plant and equipment                              63           6,380       6,443
            Right-of-use-assets                                       608               –         608
            Other intangible assets                                   200          68,781      68,981
            Receivable under service concession arrangements            –          59,659      59,659
            Interest in associates                                      –          30,301      30,301
            Financial assets at FVTPL                                  13           7,805       7,818
            Trade and other receivables                            34,896          55,200      90,096
            Prepaid taxation                                            4               –           4
            Cash and cash equivalents                             222,439             491     222,930
            Trade and other payables                             (217,107)       (108,510)   (325,617)
            Lease liabilities                                        (621)              –        (621)
            Deferred tax liabilities                                    –         (14,400)    (14,400)
                                                                  40,495          105,707    146,202
            Goodwill (gain from bargain purchase)
              arising on acquisitions:
            Consideration                                          56,000          76,754     132,754
            Add: Non-controlling interests                          8,099          21,141      29,240
            Less: Net assets acquired                             (40,495)       (105,707)   (146,202)
                                                                  23,604           (7,812)    15,792
            Net cash (inflow) outflow arising on acquisitions:
            Cash consideration paid                                26,000          62,632      88,632
            Less: Cash and cash equivalents acquired             (222,439)           (491)   (222,930)
                                                                 (196,439)         62,141    (134,298)




158   SHANGHAI INDUSTRIAL HOLDINGS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                                    NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                     For the year ended 31 December 2022




38. ACQUISITION OF ADDITIONAL INTEREST IN A NON-WHOLLY OWNED SUBSIDIARY THROUGH
    ACQUISITION OF A SUBSIDIARY
   On 30 November 2022, the Group through an indirectly wholly-owned subsidiary of SI Urban Development,
   entered into a share transfer agreement with an independent third party (“the Vendor”) to acquire the entire
   equity interest in Leap Charm Limited (“Leap Charm”) at a consideration of RMB696,000,000 (equivalent to
   HK$781,477,000). The consideration comprises (a) the purchase price of the equity interest in Leap Charm
   in an amount of RMB490,346,000 (equivalent to HK$540,803,000); and (b) the repayment of a loan in an
   amount of RMB205,654,000 (equivalent to HK$240,674,000) owing by Leap Charm to an affiliate of the
   Vendor. The principal asset of the Leap Charm is 28.5% equity interest in an associate,西安滻灞建設開發有
   限公司(“西安滻灞”).西安滻灞and its subsidiaries were indirect non-wholly owned subsidiaries of the Group
   and were established to hold and develop a property project located in Xi’an in the PRC. The acquisition,
   in substance, is an acquisition of 28.5% additional interest in a subsidiary without change in control and is
   accounted for as an equity transaction. The transaction was completed in December 2022.

   Details of the assets acquired, liabilities recognised and consideration transferred in respect of the above
   acquisition are as follows:

                                                                                                                                HK$’000
    Consideration:
    Cash paid                                                                                                                   205,140
    Consideration payable (included in other payable as at 31 December 2022)                                                    576,337
                                                                                                                                781,477
    Assets acquired and liabilities recognised at the date of acquisition:
    Interest in an associate (Note)                                                                                              110,239
    Cash and cash equivalents                                                                                                        235
    Trade and other payables                                                                                                    (227,917)
                                                                                                                                (117,443)
    Adjustment to other reserve as a result of the acquisition:
    Consideration or equity interest                                                                                            (540,803)
    Add: Non-controlling interests                                                                                               635,529
    Less: Fair value of identifiable net liabilities acquired                                                                   (117,443)
                                                                                                                                 (22,717)
    Net cash outflow arising from acquisition:
    Cash consideration paid                                                                                                     205,140
    Less: Cash and cash equivalents acquired                                                                                       (235)
                                                                                                                                204,905

   Note: The balance has been eliminated in the Group’s consolidated financial statements upon completion of the acquisition.




                                                                                SHANGHAI INDUSTRIAL HOLDINGS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022     159
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      For the year ended 31 December 2022




      39. ASSETS CLASSIFIED AS HELD-FOR-SALE

           (i)   In December 2021, the management of SIIC Environment resolved to dispose of one of the Group’s
                 subsidiaries. Negotiations with several interested parties have subsequently taken place. The assets and
                 liabilities attributable to the subsidiary, which are expected to be sold within twelve months, have been
                 classified as a disposal group held for sale in accordance with HKFRS 5, and are presented separately in
                 the statement of financial position as at 31 December 2021. In August 2022, the disposal is completed
                 and the details of which could refer to note 40(ii).

           (ii) In December 2022, the management of SI Development resolved to disposed of its 90% equity interest
                in Shanghai Shisen Real Estate Co., Ltd (“Shanghai Shisen”) to an independent independent third party.
                Negotiations with several interested parties were subsequently taken place. The assets and liabilities
                attributable to the subsidiary, which are expected to be sold within twelve months, have been classified as
                a disposal group held for sale in accordance with HKFRS 5, and are presented separately in the statement
                of financial position as at 31 December 2022.

                 Subsequent to the end of the reporting period in January 2023, the disposal of equity interest in Shanghai
                 Shisen is completed.

                 The proceeds of disposal are expected to exceed the net carrying amount of the relevant assets and
                 liabilities and, accordingly, no impairment loss has been recognised on the classification of these
                 operations held for sale.

                 The major classes of assets and liabilities comprising the disposal group classified as held for sale as at 31
                 December 2022 and 2021 are as follows:

                                                                                                   2022               2021
                                                                                                 HK$’000            HK$’000
                  Property, plant and equipment                                                      265                   –
                  Receivables under services concession arrangements                                   –               5,322
                  Inventories                                                                  8,255,480                   –
                  Trade and other receivables                                                    168,497                 252
                  Cash and cash equivalents                                                        1,913               3,087
                  Total assets classified as held for sale                                     8,426,155               8,661
                  Trade and other payables                                                    (5,670,187)               (113)
                  Bank and other borrowings                                                   (2,637,460)                  –
                  Total liabilities classified as held for sale                               (8,307,647)               (113)




160   SHANGHAI INDUSTRIAL HOLDINGS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                                    NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                       For the year ended 31 December 2022




40. DISPOSAL OF SUBSIDIARIES
   For the year ended 31 December 2022
   (i)   In August 2022, management of SIIC Environment completed the disposal of its 100% equity interest in
         Dazhou Jiajing Environment Renewable Resource Co. (“Dazhou”) to an associate at a consideration of
         RMB283,281,000 (equivalent to HK$317,865,000).

   (ii) During the year ended 31 December 2021, SIIC Environment entered into an equity transfer agreement
        with an independent third party to dispose of the entire 51% equity interest in Shenxian Si Environment
        Protection Energy Co., Ltd. (“Shenxian”) for consideration of RMB4,134,000 (equivalent to HK$4,635,000)
        to a third party. The disposal was completed during the year ended 31 December 2022 and the
        consideration is received in full.

                                                                                   Dazhou         Shenxian           Total
                                                                                  HK$’000         HK$’000         HK$’000
          The net assets of the subsidiaries being disposed
             of the disposal date are as follows:

          Consideration:
          Cash received                                                          251,113            4,635         255,748
          Consideration receivable (included in other receivables)                66,752                –          66,752
                                                                                 317,865            4,635         322,500
          Property, plant and equipment                                             81,051          5,049            86,100
          Right-of-use assets                                                       12,242              –            12,242
          Other intangibles assets                                                251,486               –          251,486
          Receivables under service concession arrangements                       616,424               –          616,424
          Inventories                                                                1,141              –             1,141
          Trade and other receivables                                               83,937            229            84,166
          Cash and cash equivalents                                               115,314             714          116,028
          Trade and other payables                                               (383,772)           (100)        (383,872)
          Bank and other borrowings                                              (431,709)              –         (431,709)
          Deferred tax liabilities                                                 (29,509)             –           (29,509)
                                                                                 316,605            5,892         322,497
          Gain on disposal:
          Consideration                                                           317,865            4,635         322,500
          Net assets disposed of                                                 (316,605)          (5,892)       (322,497)
          Non-controlling interests                                                     –            2,887           2,887
                                                                                    1,260           1,630            2,890
          Net cash inflow arising on disposal:
          Cash consideration received                                             251,113           4,635          255,748
          Less: Cash and cash equivalents disposed of                            (115,314)           (714)        (116,028)
                                                                                 135,799            3,921         139,720




                                                                     SHANGHAI INDUSTRIAL HOLDINGS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022   161
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      For the year ended 31 December 2022




      40. DISPOSAL OF SUBSIDIARIES (continued)
           For the year ended 31 December 2021
           (i)   In June 2021, SIIC Environment completed the disposal of its entire 80% equity interest in Lingbi for
                 consideration of RMB40,000,000 (equivalent to HK$47,985,000).

           (ii) In October 2021, the Group entered into an equity transfer agreement with上海徐匯資本投資有限公
                司(Shanghai Xuhui Capital Investment Co., Ltd.) (“Shanghai Xuhui Capital”), an entity wholly-owned by
                Xuhui SASAC and a connected person at the subsidiary level. Pursuant to the equity transfer agreement,
                Shanghai Urban Development (Holdings) Co., Ltd. (“SUD”) has agreed to sell and Shanghai Xuhui
                Capital has agreed to buy, 60% equity interest in上海寰宇城市投資發展有限公司(Shanghai Huanyu
                Urban Investment and Development Co., Ltd.) (“Shanghai Huanyu”), representing the Group’s entire
                interest in Shanghai Huanyu, for a total cash consideration of RMB3,576,000,000 (equivalent to
                HK$4,300,144,000). The disposal was completed during the year ended 31 December 2021 and the
                consideration is received in full.

           (iii) In December 2021, SI Development entered into an equity transfer agreement with an independent
                 third party to dispose of its 100% of equity interest in紹興上投置業發展有限公司(“紹興上投置”) at a
                 consideration of RMB 213,453,000 (equivalent to HK$258,293,000).

           (iv) During the year ended 31 December 2021, SI Development entered into an equity transfer agreement with
                an independent third party to dispose of its 100% of equity interest in天津市中天興業房地產開發有限公
                司(“中天興業”) at a consideration of RMB65,104,000 (equivalent to HK$78,780,000).




162   SHANGHAI INDUSTRIAL HOLDINGS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                                  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                         For the year ended 31 December 2022




40. DISPOSAL OF SUBSIDIARIES (continued)
   For the year ended 31 December 2021 (continued)
   The net assets of the subsidiaries being disposed at the disposal date were as follows:

                                                                        Shanghai
                                                          Lingbi         Huanyu      紹興上投置          中天興業              Total
                                                        HK$’000         HK$’000       HK$’000       HK$’000        HK$’000
    Consideration:
    Cash received                                         37,188      4,300,144        258,293        78,780      4,674,405
    Consideration receivable                              10,797              –              –             –         10,797
                                                          47,985      4,300,144        258,293        78,780      4,685,202
    Analysis of assets and liabilities over which
       control was lost:
    Investment properties                                        –     1,245,325       201,175        51,479      1,497,979
    Property, plant and equipment                                –            875              7           66             948
    Right-of-use assets                                          –          7,965              –            –           7,965
    Receivables under service concession arrangements    219,767                –              –            –       219,767
    Inventory                                                  570     6,841,920         98,001       13,300      6,953,791
    Trade and other receivable                             38,352         81,439           4,704        1,034       125,529
    Cash and cash equivalents                                   17        45,985           3,732      14,850          64,584
    Trade and other payable                               (66,065)      (726,519)     (195,054)             –      (987,638)
    Lease liabilities                                            –         (8,013)             –            –          (8,013)
    Tax payable                                                  –              –       (10,936)         (995)       (11,931)
    Bank and other borrowings                           (162,848)     (1,960,257)              –            –    (2,123,105)
    Deferred tax liabilities                                (5,150)     (160,832)         (7,659)      (1,011)     (174,652)
    Net assets disposed of                                24,643      5,367,888         93,970        78,723      5,565,224
    Gain on disposal:
    Consideration                                         47,985       4,300,144       258,293        78,780      4,685,202
    Net assets disposed of                               (24,643)     (5,367,888)       (93,970)     (78,723)    (5,565,224)
    Non-controlling interests                              4,928       2,179,126              –            –      2,184,054
                                                          28,270      1,111,382        164,323            57      1,304,032
    Net cash inflow arising on disposal:
    Cash consideration received                           37,188      4,300,144        258,293        78,780      4,674,405
    Less: Cash and cash equivalents disposed of               (17)       (45,985)        (3,732)     (14,850)        (64,584)
                                                          37,171      4,254,159        254,561        63,930      4,609,821




                                                                      SHANGHAI INDUSTRIAL HOLDINGS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022    163
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      For the year ended 31 December 2022




      41. LIQUIDATION OF A SUBSIDIARY
           In previous years, SI Urban Development had a dispute with a non-controlling shareholder of its subsidiary,
           昆山城開錦亭置業有限公司 (“昆山錦亭”) regarding the arrangement of providing additional capital to 昆
           山錦亭, which in turns caused defaults of certain bank and other borrowings. In the current year, SI Urban
           Development completed litigation procedures and initiated a voluntary liquidation of 昆山錦亭. After the court’s
           assignment of a liquidator to take over 昆山錦亭 and completion of the creditors meeting in late July 2022, all
           the relevant activities of 昆山錦亭 are subject to direction by the liquidator. Accordingly, the Group lost control
           on 昆山錦亭 and it is de-consolidated from the Group’s consolidated financial statements.

           The net liabilities of 昆山錦亭 at the date the control was lost are as follow:

                                                                                                               HK$’000
            Consideration:
            Cash consideration                                                                                         –
            Analysis of assets and liabilities over which control was lost:
            Investment properties                                                                               739,163
            Property, plant and equipment                                                                           135
            Deferred tax assets                                                                                  11,745
            Other receivables                                                                                     8,693
            Pledged bank deposits                                                                                 3,429
            Cash and cash equivalents                                                                               256
            Trade and other payables                                                                            (33,149)
            Amounts due to a non-controlling shareholder                                                       (179,475)
            Amounts due to the SI Urban Development                                                            (417,582)
            Bank and other borrowings                                                                          (218,373)
            Net liabilities disposed of                                                                         (85,158)
            Loss on liquidation:
            Consideration                                                                                             –
            Net liabilities disposed of                                                                          85,158
            Non-controlling interests                                                                           (40,876)
                                                                                                                 44,282
            Add: ECL provided on receivable from 昆山錦亭                                                          (289,113)
            Presented as loss on liquidation of a subsidiary                                                   (244,831)
            net cash outflow arising on the liquidation:
            Cash received                                                                                             –
            Less: cash and cash equivalents disposed of                                                            (256)
                                                                                                                   (256)




164   SHANGHAI INDUSTRIAL HOLDINGS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                          NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                  For the year ended 31 December 2022




42. OPERATING LEASING ARRANGEMENTS
   The Group as lessor
   All of the Group’s investment properties have committed tenants for the next two to ten years, certain of which
   with an option to renew the lease after that date at which time all terms are renegotiated.

   Undiscounted lease payments receivable on leases are as follows:

                                                                                         2022                2021
                                                                                       HK$’000             HK$’000
    Within one year                                                                    848,198           1,093,899
    In the second year                                                                 499,787             621,294
    In the third year                                                                  377,642             477,768
    In the fourth year                                                                 325,054             334,875
    In the fifth year                                                                  298,974             293,660
    After five years                                                                   594,402             635,677
                                                                                     2,944,057           3,457,173


43. CAPITAL COMMITMENTS

                                                                                         2022                2021
                                                                                       HK$’000             HK$’000
    Capital expenditure contracted for but not provided in the
      consolidated financial statements in respect of
      – acquisition of property, plant and equipment and intangible assets             20,133               46,386
      – additions in properties under development held for sale                    13,390,000           10,036,806
      – investments in joint ventures                                                  47,281               77,005
      – acquisition of land use right                                                       –            2,793,252
      – additions in construction in progress                                       1,228,700            1,634,065
                                                                                   14,686,114           14,587,514




                                                                SHANGHAI INDUSTRIAL HOLDINGS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022   165
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      For the year ended 31 December 2022




      44. FINANCIAL GUARANTEE CONTRACTS

                                                                                                 2022               2021
                                                                                               HK$’000            HK$’000
            Guarantees given to banks in respect of banking facilities utilised by
              – property buyers                                                              4,736,227          6,535,523
              – associates                                                                     713,704          1,337,114
              – joint ventures                                                               1,908,988          2,024,889
                                                                                             7,358,919          9,897,526

           Guarantees given to banks in respect of banking facilities utilised by property buyers
           The Group entered into agreements with certain banks with respect to mortgage loans provided to buyers of the
           Group’s property units and made deposits as security to and gave guarantees on mortgage loans provided to
           the buyers by these banks under the agreements. The management of the Group considers that the possibility
           of default by the relevant buyers is remote and, in case of default in payments, the net realisable value of the
           related properties can recover the repayment of the outstanding mortgage principals together with the accrued
           interest and penalty. Accordingly, no ECL under HKFRS 9 has been made in the consolidated financial
           statements for these guarantees.

           Guarantees given to banks in respect of banking facilities utilised by associates/joint ventures
           The Group entered into agreements with banks to provide corporate guarantees with respect to bank loans
           granted to associates/joint ventures. In determining whether financial liabilities should be recognised in respect
           of the Group’s financial guarantee contracts, the management of the Group exercised judgment in evaluation
           of the probability of resources outflow that would be required and the assessment of whether a reliable
           estimate could be made of the amount of the obligation. The management of the Group considers that the
           possibility of default by these parties is remote given their strong financial background and the good quality of
           assets. Accordingly, no ECL under HKFRS 9 has been made in the consolidated financial statements for these
           guarantees.

           As at 31 December 2022, the Company entered into an agreement with a bank to provide a corporate
           guarantee with respect to the bank borrowing granted to a joint venture of the Group. The maximum liability of
           the Company under such guarantee was the outstanding amount of the bank borrowing to the joint venture of
           approximately HK$1,784 million (2021: HK$2,025 million).

           In the opinion of the management of the Group, the fair values of the aforementioned financial guarantee
           contracts of the Group are insignificant.

           Guarantees given to banks in respect of banking facilities utilised by subsidiaries
           As at 31 December 2022, the Company granted financial guarantees to the extent of approximately HK$9,420
           million (2021: HK$9,020 million) to banks in respect of banking facilities granted to its subsidiaries, out of
           which approximately HK$7,409 million (2021: HK$7,008 million) were utilised.




166   SHANGHAI INDUSTRIAL HOLDINGS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                           NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                   For the year ended 31 December 2022




45. PLEDGE OF ASSETS
   The following assets were pledged by the Group to banks to secure banking facilities granted by these banks to
   the Group:

   (i)   investment properties with an aggregate carrying value of HK$11,498,680,000 (2021:
         HK$11,876,715,000);

   (ii) leasehold land and buildings with an aggregate carrying value of HK$8,959,000 (2021: HK$11,609,000);

   (iii) plant and machineries with an aggregate carrying value of HK$150,424,000 (2021: HK$189,290,000);

   (iv) receivables under service concession arrangements/intangible assets with an aggregate carrying value of
        HK$16,748,624,000 (2021: HK$19,149,719,000);

   (v) properties under development held for sale with an aggregate carrying value of HK$6,814,317,000 (2021:
       HK$17,448,191,000);

   (vi) properties held for sale with an aggregate carrying value of HK$265,745,000 (2021: HK$259,702,000);

   (vii) trade receivables with an aggregate carrying value of HK$170,359,000 (2021: HK$289,972,000);

   (viii) bank deposits with an aggregate carrying value of HK$228,583,000 (2021: HK$709,526,000);

   (ix) equity interests of subsidiaries with aggregate carrying value of HK$169,511,000 (2021:
        HK$184,049,000); and

   (x) land use right with aggregate carrying value of HK$759,000 (2021: HK$966,000);

46. RETIREMENT BENEFITS SCHEMES
   The Company and its subsidiaries in Hong Kong operate a defined contribution retirement benefits scheme for
   their qualifying employees pursuant to the Occupational Retirement Schemes Ordinance. To comply with the
   Mandatory Provident Fund Schemes Ordinance, a Mandatory Provident Fund Scheme was also established.
   The assets of both schemes are held separately in funds which are under the control of independent trustees.
   The retirement benefits schemes contributions charged to the consolidated statement of profit or loss represent
   contributions payable by the Company and its subsidiaries in Hong Kong to the funds at rates specified in
   the rules of the schemes. When there are employees who leave the defined contribution retirement benefits
   scheme prior to becoming fully vested in the contributions, the amount of the forfeited contributions will be used
   to reduce future contributions payable by the Company and its subsidiaries in Hong Kong.

   The employees employed by the PRC subsidiaries are members of the state-managed retirement benefits
   schemes operated by the PRC government. The PRC subsidiaries are required to contribute a certain
   percentage of their payroll to the retirement benefits schemes to fund the benefits. The only obligation of
   the Group with respect to the retirement benefits schemes is to make the required contributions under the
   schemes.

   At the end of the reporting period, no forfeited contributions were available to reduce the contribution payable
   in future years.

   The total expense recognised in profit or loss of HK$296,813,000 (2021: HK$287,697,000) represents
   contributions payable to these schemes by the Group at rates specified in the rules of the schemes.




                                                                 SHANGHAI INDUSTRIAL HOLDINGS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022   167
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      For the year ended 31 December 2022




      47. CONNECTED AND RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS AND BALANCES
           During the year, the Group had significant transactions and balances with related parties, some of which are
           also deemed to be connected persons pursuant to the Listing Rules.

           (I) Related parties and connected persons
                (a) Save as disclosed in elsewhere in these consolidated financial statements, the significant connected
                    transactions pursuant to the Listing Rules during the year, and significant balances with them at the
                    end of the reporting period, are as follows:

                      Related parties and             Nature of transactions                  2022              2021
                      connected persons               and balances                          HK$’000           HK$’000
                      Transactions

                      Ultimate holding company         Expenses relating to short-term
                                                         leases and leases of low-value
                                                         assets (Note (a)(i))                       –            1,627

                      Fellow subsidiaries              Expenses relating to short-term
                                                         leases and leases of low-value
                                                         assets (Note (a)(i))                 48,972            51,910

                      Associate                        Interest income received by the
                                                          Group (Notes (a)(ii))               35,803            33,846
                      Joint Venture                    Interest income received by the
                                                          Group                               17,805             9,511
                      Balance

                      Associate                        Loan provided by the Group
                                                          (Notes ii)                        542,000            589,000
                                                       Interest receivable by the Group      27,800                284

                      Joint Venture                    Loan provided by the Group         1,536,040             99,650
                                                       Interest receivable by the Group         528                164

                      Non-controlling
                        shareholders of
                        subsidiaries:

                      Mori Building Shanghai           Loan provided to the Group
                                                         (Note (a)(iv))                             –          509,448

                      The Xuhui SASAC and              Non-trade payables by the
                        entities controlled by the       Group (Note (a)(iii))
                        Xuhui SASAC                                                           43,145            47,649




168   SHANGHAI INDUSTRIAL HOLDINGS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                                  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                   For the year ended 31 December 2022




47. CONNECTED AND RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS AND BALANCES (continued)
   (I) Related parties and connected persons (continued)
      (a) (continued)

          Notes:

          (i)     The rentals were charged in accordance with the relevant tenancy agreements and the prevailing rent was equivalent or
                  approximate to the open market rentals as certified by an independent firm of professional property valuers when the tenancy
                  agreements were entered into.

          (ii)    In January 2016, Hu-Ning Expressway agreed to make a shareholder’s loan facility in an aggregate principal amount of
                  up to RMB500,000,000 for the three years from 21 January 2016 to Shanghai Galaxy. The relevant loan amount would
                  be determined on a case-by-case basis, with the maximum amount representing the unutilised portion of the facility. The
                  duration of each term loan would be negotiated on a case-by-case basis and each term loan would expire by the end of the
                  three-year period from 21 January 2016. The interest should be the benchmark interest rate of RMB denominated loans for
                  the same period as announced by the People’s Bank of China and be repaid on a semi-annual basis.

                  In January 2019, Hu-Ning Expressway agreed to extend the above shareholder’s loan on substantially the same terms, with
                  the renewed expiry date on 20 January 2022.

                  In January 2020, an amount of RMB200,000,000 (equivalent to HK$223,713,000) has been repaid and Shanghai Galaxy
                  agreed to borrow an additional shareholder’s loan in the amount of RMB210,000,000 (equivalent to HK$234,899,000), the
                  interest rate of such loan is 5% (2021: 5%) per annum.

                  On 8 November 2021, Hu-Ning Expressway agreed to extend the Shareholder’s Loan Facility available to Shanghai Galaxy
                  on substantially the same terms for a further term of three years from 21 January 2022 to 20 January 2025. As at 31
                  December 2022, the ending balance of loan provided to Shanghai Galaxy included in other receivables set out in note 27
                  amounted to approximately HK$542 million (2021: approximately HK$589 million), giving rise to interest income amounting
                  to HK$26,549,000 (2021: HK$29,142,000).

          (iii)   The amounts due to the Xuhui SASAC and entities controlled by the Xuhui SASAC included in note 30(ii) are unsecured, non-
                  interest bearing and repayable on demand.

          (iv)    The amount due to 森大廈（上海）有限公司(“Mori Building Shanghai”) included in note 30(ii) is unsecured. The amount
                  represents loan advanced from Mori Building Shanghai through a loan agreement, which carries fixed interest rate of 4.5%
                  per annum. The amount has been repaid during the year


      (b) On 25 June 2018, Hu-Ning Expressway, Shanghai Luqiao Development Company Limited (“Shanghai
          Luqiao”), Shanghai Shen-Yu and Shanghai Ji Yun (together the “2018 Four Relevant Companies” and
          each “2018 Four Relevant Company”), each entered into the entrustment agreement (together the
          “2018 Four Entrustment Agreements”) with Shanghai Galaxy on the same terms pursuant to which
          each Relevant Company entrusted Shanghai Galaxy to manage its assets for a term of three years from
          the date when Shanghai Galaxy served the written notice to the Relevant Companies requesting for
          the provision of the initial entrustment fund under the respective entrustment agreements (the “ 2018
          Commencement Date”) to the date immediately prior to the third anniversary of the Commencement
          Date (the “2018 Expiry Date”).

          On 18 September 2018, each of the above 2018 Four Relevant Companies and Shanghai Galaxy
          separately entered into the supplementary agreement on the same terms, pursuant to which the scope
          within which the entrusted funds could be invested under the relevant entrustment agreement was
          extended. All other existing terms and conditions under the above 2018 Four entrustment agreements
          remained unchanged and in full force and effect.




                                                                              SHANGHAI INDUSTRIAL HOLDINGS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022            169
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      For the year ended 31 December 2022




      47. CONNECTED AND RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS AND BALANCES (continued)
           (I) Related parties and connected persons (continued)
                (b) (continued)

                     On the same date, Wing Fat Printing (Dongguan) Company Limited (“WF Dongguan”), an indirect
                     non-wholly owned subsidiary of the Company, entered into an entrustment agreement (the “2018
                     Entrustment Agreement 5”) with Shanghai Galaxy on the same terms (other than the maximum
                     amount of entrustment fund to be provided by WF Dongguan) as those of the above 2018 Four
                     entrustment agreements (as supplemented and amended by the supplementary agreements).

                     The 2018 Four Entrustment Agreements and the 2018 Entrustment Agreement 5 are collectively
                     named as the “2018 Entrustment Agreements” and each the “2018 Entrustment Agreement”.

                     The 2018 Four Relevant Companies and WF Dongguan are collectively named as the “2018 Relevant
                     Companies”.

                     The total maximum amount of the entrustment funds to be provided by 2018 Relevant Companies
                     shall be no more than RMB600,000,000, provided that (i) the maximum amount of entrustment
                     fund from each 2018 Four Relevant Company would not exceed RMB200,000,000 (ii) the maximum
                     amount of entrustment fund from WF Dongguan would not exceed RMB400,000,000. The actual
                     amount provided by the Relevant Companies is RMB360,000,000 for the year ended 31 December
                     2020, of which RMB200,000,000 is provided by Shanghai Luqiao, RMB100,000,000 is provided by
                     WF Dongguan, and RMB60,000,000 is provided by Shanghai Shen-Yu.

                     Shanghai Galaxy shall pay guaranteed returns calculated on a daily basis at the rate of 5% per annum
                     on the accumulated principal of the entrustment funds. The annual caps for the aggregate amount
                     of guaranteed returns payable to the Relevant Companies by Shanghai Galaxy under the 2018
                     entrustment agreements were RMB15,863,000 for the period from the 2018 Commencement Date
                     to 31 December 2018, RMB30,000,000 for the period from 1 January 2019 to 31 December 2019,
                     RMB30,000,000 for the period from 1 January 2020 to 31 December 2020 and RMB30,000,000 for
                     the period from 1 January 2021 to the 2018 Expiry Date.

                     If there was any revenue surplus after making the above distribution and deducting all taxes and
                     expenses, such sum shall be divided between Shanghai Galaxy and the 2018 Relevant Companies
                     on a 50:50 basis. The annual caps for the aggregate amount of revenue surplus payable to
                     the 2018 Relevant Companies or Shanghai Galaxy under the 2018 entrustment agreements
                     were RMB317,260,000 for the period from the Commencement Date to 31 December 2018,
                     RMB600,000,000 for the period from 1 January 2019 to 31 December 2019, RMB600,000,000 for
                     the period from 1 January 2020 to 31 December 2020 and RMB600,000,000 for the period from 1
                     January 2021 to the 2018 Expiry Date.




170   SHANGHAI INDUSTRIAL HOLDINGS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                       NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                              For the year ended 31 December 2022




47. CONNECTED AND RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS AND BALANCES (continued)
   (I) Related parties and connected persons (continued)
      (c) 2018 Four Entrustment Agreements and 2018 Entrustment Agreement 5 are expired at the year ended
          31 December 2021. Hu-Ning Expressway, Luqiao Development, Shen Yu Highway and WF Dongguan
          (together the “2021 Relevant Companies” and each the “2021 Relevant Company”), entered into
          an asset management entrustment agreement (together the “2021 Entrustment Agreements”) with
          Shanghai Galaxy on 19 August 2021 to renew the 2018 Entrustment for a term of three years from
          the date when Shanghai Galaxy serves a written notice to the 2021 Relevant Companies requesting
          for the provision of the initial entrustment fund under the 2021 Entrustment Agreements (the “2021
          Commencement Date”) to the date immediately prior to the third anniversary of the Commencement
          Date (the “2021 Expiry Date”). Furthermore, the 2018 Entrustment Agreements lapsed upon expiry of
          its entrustment term.

          Each Relevant Company should provide at least RMB10,000,000 as the initial entrustment fund. The
          total maximum amount of the entrustment fund to be provided by all the 2021 Relevant Companies
          should be no more than RMB500,000,000, provided that: (i) the maximum amount of entrustment
          fund from each of Hu-Ning Expressway, Luqiao Development and Shen Yu Highway should not
          exceed RMB500,000,000; and (ii) the maximum amount of entrustment fund from WF Dongguan
          should not exceed RMB200,000,000. The actual amount provided by the 2022 Relevant Companies is
          RMB260,000,000 for the year ended 31 December 2022, of which RMB160,000,000 is provided by
          Shanghai Shen-Yu and RMB100,000,000 is provided by WF Dongguan.

          Shanghai Galaxy should pay guaranteed returns calculated on a daily basis at the rate of 5% per
          annum on the accumulated principal of the entrustment funds. The annual caps for the aggregate
          amount of guaranteed Returns payable to the 2021 Relevant Companies by Shanghai Galaxy under
          the 2021 Entrustment Agreements would be RMB9,247,000 for the period from the Commencement
          Date to 31 December 2021, RMB25,000,000 for the financial year ended 31 December 2022,
          RMB25,000,000 for the financial year ended 31 December 2023 and RMB25,000,000 for the period
          from 1 January 2024 to the Expiry Date.

          If there is any revenue surplus after making the above distribution and deducting all taxes and
          expenses, such sum shall be divided between Shanghai Galaxy and the Relevant Companies on a
          50:50 basis. 50% of the revenue surplus should be distributed among the 2021 Relevant Companies
          based on the amount of entrustment funds entrusted and the duration of entrustment. The annual
          caps for the aggregate amount of revenue surplus payable to the 2021 Relevant Companies or
          Shanghai Galaxy under the 2021 Entrustment Agreements will be RMB9,247,000 for the period
          from the Commencement Date to 31 December 2021, RMB25,000,000 for the financial year
          ended 31 December 2022, RMB25,000,000 for the financial year ended 31 December 2023 and
          RMB25,000,000 for the period from 1 January 2024 to the Expiry Date.




                                                            SHANGHAI INDUSTRIAL HOLDINGS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022   171
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      For the year ended 31 December 2022




      47. CONNECTED AND RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS AND BALANCES (continued)
           (I) Related parties and connected persons (continued)
                (d) On 22 December 2021 and 4 January 2023, Nanyang Brothers Tobacco Company, Limited (“Nanyang
                    Tobacco”), an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company as tenant, entered into the lease
                    agreements (i.e. the Tuen Mun Lease Agreement relating to a 16-storey property at No. 9 Tsing
                    Yeung Circuit, Tuen Mun, New Territories, Hong Kong), with Nanyang Enterprises Properties Limited
                    (“Nanyang Enterprises”), as landlord, with a term commencing from 1 January 2022 to 31 December
                    2022 (both days inclusive) and 1 January 2023 to 31 December 2023 (both days inclusive) to renew
                    the previous lease agreements, both of which expired by 31 December 2022 and 22 December 2023,
                    for the operation of the Group.

                     The monthly rentals (exclusive of rates, management fee and other outgoings) under the Tuen Mun
                     Lease Agreement was HK$2,750,000 both for the period from 1 January 2022 to 31 December 2022
                     and the period from 1 January 2023 to 31 December 2023. The annual caps, which represented the
                     sum of the rental payable by Nanyang Tobacco to Nanyang Enterprises under the Tuen Mun Lease
                     Agreement for both the period from 1 January 2022 to 31 December 2022 and the period from 1
                     January 2023 to 31 December 2023 amounting HK$33,000,000, respectively.

                (e) On 22 December 2021 and 4 January 2023, the Company, as tenant, entered into the lease
                    agreements (i.e. the Harcourt Tenancy Agreement relating to a property at the whole of 26th Floor
                    and a portion of 27th Floor of Harcourt House, 39 Gloucester Road, Wanchai, Hong Kong), with
                    International Hope Limited (“International Hope”), as landlord with a term commencing from 1
                    January 2022 to 31 December 2022 (both days inclusive) and 1 January 2023 to 31 December 2023
                    (both days inclusive) to renew the previous lease agreements, both of which expired by 31 December
                    2022 and 31 December 2023, for the operation of the Group.

                     The monthly rentals (exclusive of rates, management fee and other outgoings) under the Harcourt
                     Tenancy Agreement was HK$937,400 for the both period from 1 January 2022 to 31 December 2022
                     and the period from 1 January 2023 to 31 December 2023. The annual caps, which represented
                     the sum of the rental payable by the Company to International Hope under the Harcourt Tenancy
                     Agreement for both the period from 1 January 2022 to 31 December 2022 and the period from 1
                     January 2023 to 31 December 2023 amounting HK$11,248,000, respectively.

                (f) On 29 October 2021, The Wing Fat Printing Company, Limited (“Wing Fat Printing”), an indirect non-
                    wholly owned subsidiary of the Company, entered into a procurement framework agreement (the
                    “Procurement Framework Agreement”) with上海醫藥集團股份有限公司(“Shanghai Pharmaceuticals
                    Holding”), an associate of SIIC and a connected person of the company, for a term of one year
                    commencing from 1 January 2022 and ending on 31 December 2022. Pursuant to the Procurement
                    Framework Agreement, any members of Wing Fat Printing and its subsidiaries from time to time
                    (the “Wing Fat Group”) might enter into an individual procurement agreement(s) (the “Individual
                    Agreements”) with any members of Shanghai Pharmaceuticals Holding and its subsidiaries and
                    30%-controlled companies from time to time (the “Shanghai Pharmaceuticals Holding Group”) to
                    supply printed packaging materials for pharmaceutical products, subject to the annual cap of the
                    procurement amount.

                     The annual cap for the total procurement amount payable by the Shanghai Pharmaceuticals Holding
                     Group to the Wing Fat Group with respect to the transactions contemplated under the Procurement
                     Framework Agreement for the financial year ending 31 December 2022 is RMB80,000,000.

                     The actual amount of sales for the year ended 31 December 2022 amounted to a total of
                     RMB57,835,000.




172   SHANGHAI INDUSTRIAL HOLDINGS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                        NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                For the year ended 31 December 2022




47. CONNECTED AND RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS AND BALANCES (continued)
   (I) Related parties and connected persons (continued)
      (g) On 31 August 2022, 上海上實龍創智能科技股份有限公司 (“SIIC Longchuang”), a non-wholly
          owned subsidiary of the Company, entered into a Procurement Framework Agreement with Shanghai
          Pharmaceuticals Holding, an associate of SIIC and a connected person of the company, for a term
          of one year commencing from 1 January 2022 and ending on 31 December 2022. Pursuant to the
          Procurement Framework Agreement, any members of SIIC Longchuang and its subsidiaries from time
          to time (the “SIIC Longchuang Group”) might enter into an Individual Agreements with any members
          of Shanghai Pharmaceuticals Holding to provide and supply (i) internet systems, (ii) technical support
          services, (iii) information management system, cloud and network equipment, video conferencing
          and sound systems, intelligent integrated system, smart office system and relevant hardware and
          equipment and maintenance services, (iv) energy-saving consulting service, air-conditioning systems,
          lighting systems and environmental quality monitoring system; (v) safety helmets; (vi) smart glasses
          system and after-sales services, and/or (vii) building and office maintenance services and relevant
          hardware and office equipment to Shanghai Pharmaceuticals Holding Group from time to time,
          subject to the annual cap of the procurement amount.

          The annual cap for the total procurement amount payable by the Shanghai Pharmaceuticals
          Holding Group to the SIIC Longchuang Group with respect to the transactions contemplated
          under the Procurement Framework Agreement for the financial year ending 31 December 2022 is
          RMB35,000,000.

          The actual amount of sales for the year ended 31 December 2022 amounted to a total of
          RMB15,790,000.

      (h) On 21 June 2022, Shanghai Jiyun, a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, entered into an equity
          transfer agreement (the “Equity Transfer Agreement”) with Shangtou Asset for the acquisition of 40%
          equity interest in the Shanghai Industrial Clean Energy. Pursuant to the Agreement, Shanghai Jiyun
          agreed to acquire, and Shangtou Asset agreed to sell, 40% equity interest in the JV Company at the
          cash consideration of RMB224,558,000 (equivalent to approximately HK$251,972,000).

          Immediately before completion of the Agreement, the “Shanghai Industrial Clean Energy” is owned as
          to 40% by Shanghai Jiyun, 40% by Shangtou Asset and 20% by Shanghai Galaxy, respectively. Upon
          completion of the Acquisition, Shanghai Jiyun will own 80% of the equity interest in the “Shanghai
          Industrial Clean Energy” and the “Shanghai Industrial Clean Energy” will become an indirect
          subsidiary of the Company.

          Shangtou Asset is a subsidiary of 上海上實（集團）有限公司 (“SIIC Shanghai”), which is in turn a
          subsidiary of Shanghai Industrial Investment (Holdings) Company Limited (“SIIC”), the controlling
          shareholder of the Company, by virtue of SIIC being the representative authorised to exercise state-
          owned shareholder’s right over SIIC Shanghai. Therefore, Shangtou Asset is an associate of SIIC and a
          connected person of the Company.

          The Company has adopted the Accounting Guideline 5 “Merger Accounting for Common Control
          Combinations” to account for its acquisitions of Shanghai Industrial Clean Energy from Shangtou Asset.
          The comparative figures for 2022 contained in these consolidated financial statements had not been
          restated accordingly because the financial impact of the restatement is not material to the Group.




                                                              SHANGHAI INDUSTRIAL HOLDINGS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022   173
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      For the year ended 31 December 2022




      47. CONNECTED AND RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS AND BALANCES (continued)
           (I) Related parties and connected persons (continued)
                (i)   On 30 November 2022, Honest State Limited (the “Purchaser”) an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary
                      of Shanghai Industrial Urban Development Group Limited (“SI Urban Development”), which is in turn
                      an indirect non-wholly owned subsidiary of the Company) entered into a share transfer agreement
                      (the “Share Transfer Agreement”) with Renowned Support Holdings Limited (the “Vendor”), among
                      others, pursuant to which the Purchaser has conditionally agreed to purchase and the Vendor
                      has conditionally agreed to sell the entire issued share capital of Leap Charm Limited (the “Target
                      Company”) (the “Sale Shares”), representing the entire issued share capital of the Target Company at
                      the consideration of RMB696,000,000.

                      The principal asset of the Target Group is 28.5% equity interest in the Project Company. The Project
                      Company and its subsidiaries are the project companies established to hold and develop the Originally
                      project located in Xi’an, the PRC. Immediately before completion of the acquisition, The Project
                      Company is an indirect non-wholly owned subsidiary of the Company and held as to 71.5% by SI
                      Urban Development and its subsidiaries (the “SIUD Group”) and 28.5% by the Target Company and
                      its subsidiaries (the “Target Group”). Upon completion of the acquisition, the Target Group and the
                      Project Company would become indirect wholly-owned subsidiaries of SI Urban Development and
                      indirect subsidiaries of the Company.

                      The Vendor is a connected person of the Company at the subsidiary level by virtue of being the
                      indirect holding company of Shanghai Saiyin, which is a substantial shareholder of the Project
                      Company.

                Details of amounts due to certain fellow subsidiaries are set out in note 30.

           (II) Related parties, other than connected persons
                Other than transactions and balances with connected persons, the significant transactions with other
                related parties during the year, and significant balances with them at the end of the reporting period, are as
                follows:

                                                      Nature of transactions                      2022               2021
                  Related parties                     and balances                              HK$’000            HK$’000
                  Associates:
                  上海城開地產經紀有限公司                         Property agency fees paid by the            1,111            12,400
                    (Shanghai Urban                      Group
                    Development Real Estate            Trade payables by the Group                 6,440              9,160
                    Agency Co., Ltd.)

                Details of amounts due from (to) associates are set out in notes 27 and 30, respectively.




174   SHANGHAI INDUSTRIAL HOLDINGS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                                        NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                             For the year ended 31 December 2022




47. CONNECTED AND RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS AND BALANCES (continued)
   (III) Compensation of key management personnel
        The remuneration of directors and other members of key management during the year was as follows:

                                                                                                                      2022                        2021
                                                                                                                    HK$’000                     HK$’000
          Short-term benefits                                                                                         19,144                        25,740

        The remuneration of directors and key executives is determined by the remuneration committee having
        regard to the performance of individuals and market trends.

48. MATERIAL TRANSACTIONS AND BALANCES WITH GOVERNMENT RELATED ENTITIES
   The Group itself is part of a larger group of companies under SIIC, which is controlled by the PRC government.
   The directors consider that the Company is ultimately controlled by the PRC government and the Group
   operates in an economic environment currently predenominated by entities controlled, jointly controlled or
   significantly influenced by the PRC government. Apart from the transactions with SIIC, other connected persons
   and related parties disclosed in note 47, the Group also conducts business with other government related
   entities in the ordinary course of business. In the opinion of the directors of the Company, these transactions
   are considered as individually and collectively insignificant to the operation of the Group. The directors consider
   those government-related entities are independent third parties so far as the Group’s business transactions with
   them are concerned.

49. GOVERNMENT GRANTS
   Save as disclosed in note 32, during the year ended 31 December 2022, (i) business and other taxes refund
   from local tax authorities of approximately HK$142.5 million (2021: HK$161.8 million) were received; (ii)
   an amount of approximately HK$149.7 million (2021: HK$118.8 million) was received as incentives for
   investments in certain provinces in the PRC. These amounts have been included in other income.

50. PRINCIPAL SUBSIDIARIES
   Particulars of the Company’s principal subsidiaries at 31 December 2022 and 2021 are as follows:

                                     Place of
                                     incorporation or     Nominal value of issued              Percentage of issued share/
                                     establishment/       and fully paid share                registered capital held by the
    Name of subsidiaries             operations           capital/registered capital              Company/subsidiaries       Principal activities
                                                                                                     2022              2021
    SI Development (Note i)          The PRC              A shares                                48.60%           48.60% Property development and
                                                            – RMB1,844,562,892                    (note 4)         (note 4) investment

    SI Urban Development (Note ii)   Bermuda/The PRC      Ordinary shares                            43%           42.89% Property development and
                                                            – HK$191,747,000                      (note 4)         (note 4) investment

    SUD (Note viii)                  The PRC              RMB3,200,000,000                           59%               59% Property development and
                                                                                                                             investment

    Shanghai Hu-Ning Expressway      The PRC              RMB3,000,000,000                          100%             100% Holding of the right to operate
      (Note iii)                                                                                                            a toll road

    上海路橋發展有限公司                       The PRC              RMB1,600,000,000                          100%             100% Holding of the right to operate
     (Shanghai Luqiao Development                                                                                           a toll road
     Co., Ltd.) (Note iii)

    Shen-Yu Highway (Note iii)       The PRC              RMB1,200,000,000                          100%             100% Holding of the right to operate a
                                                                                                                            toll road


                                                                                       SHANGHAI INDUSTRIAL HOLDINGS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022                175
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      For the year ended 31 December 2022




      50. PRINCIPAL SUBSIDIARIES (continued)

                                                     Place of
                                                     incorporation or     Nominal value of issued       Percentage of issued share/
                                                     establishment/       and fully paid share         registered capital held by the
              Name of subsidiaries                   operations           capital/registered capital       Company/subsidiaries       Principal activities
                                                                                                              2022              2021
              SIIC Environment (Note iv)             The Republic of    Ordinary shares                    49.25%           49.25% Waste water treatment and water
                                                       Singapore/The PRC – RMB5,920,175,000                (note 4)         (note 4) supply

              S.I. Infrastructure Holdings Limited   The British Virgin Ordinary share                       100%             100% Investment holding
                 (“S.I. Infrastructure”)               Islands/Hong Kong – US$1

              SIHL Treasury Limited                  Hong Kong            Ordinary shares                    100%             100% Investment
                (“SIHL Treasury”)                                           – HK$2

              Nanyang Tobacco (Marketing)            The British Virgin   Ordinary shares                    100%             100% Sale and marketing of cigarettes
                Company, Limited                       Islands/PRC          – US$1                                                   and raw materials sourcing
                                                       and Macau            – HK$100,000,000

              Nanyang Brothers Tobacco               Hong Kong            Ordinary shares                    100%             100% Manufacture and sale
                Company, Limited                                            – HK$2                                                  of cigarettes
                                                                          Non-voting deferred shares              –              –
                                                                            (Note vi)
                                                                            – HK$8,000,000

              The Wing Fat Printing                  Hong Kong            Ordinary shares                  94.29%           94.29% Manufacture and sale of
                                                                            – HK$83,030,000                                         packaging materials
                                                                                                                                    and printed products

           Notes:

           (i)     This company is listed on the A Shares Market of the Shanghai Stock Exchange.

           (ii)    This company is listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange.

           (iii)   These companies were established in the PRC as wholly foreign owned enterprises.

           (iv)    This company is dual listed on the Main Board of the SGX-ST and Main Board of the Stock Exchange.

           (v)     Except for S.I. Infrastructure and SIHL Treasury, all the above subsidiaries are indirectly held by the Company.

           (vi)    None of the deferred shares are held by the Group. The deferred shares carry no rights to receive notice of or to attend or vote at any
                   general meeting of the respective companies and have practically no rights to dividends or to participate in any distributions on winding
                   up.

           (vii) The above table lists the subsidiaries of the Company which, in the opinion of the directors, principally affected the results or assets of
                 the Group. To give details of other subsidiaries would, in the opinion of the directors, result in particulars of excessive length.

           (viii) This company was established in the PRC as sino-foreign owned enterprise.


           At the end of the reporting period, the Company has other subsidiaries that are not material to the Group. A
           majority of these subsidiaries operate in Hong Kong. These subsidiaries are mainly dormant companies or
           subsidiaries principally engaged in investment holding.

           None of the subsidiaries had issued any debt securities at the end of the year except for those disclosed in note
           33.




176   SHANGHAI INDUSTRIAL HOLDINGS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                                                  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                                                For the year ended 31 December 2022




50. PRINCIPAL SUBSIDIARIES (continued)
   Details of non-wholly owned subsidiaries that have material non-controlling interests
   The table below shows details of non-wholly owned subsidiaries of the Group that have material non-controlling
   interests:

                                                Place of                            Proportion of
                                                incorporation/                    ownership interest
                                                principal place                and voting rights held by              Profit allocated to                Accumulated
    Name of subsidiary                          of business                    non-controlling interests           non-controlling interests        non-controlling interests
                                                                                   2022               2021             2022               2021          2022              2021
                                                                                                                    HK$’000           HK$’000        HK$’000           HK$’000
    SI Development                              The PRC                          51.40%           51.40%             85,463           15,900        7,420,739       8,104,678

    SI Urban Development                        Bermuda/The PRC                     57%           57.11%            232,337          326,857        7,964,636       8,354,749

    SUD                                         The PRC                             41%               41%           (154,167)        212,237        3,533,185       4,095,329

    SIIC Environment                            The Republic of
                                                Singapore/The PRC                50.75%           50.75%            455,639          426,592        5,831,603       4,648,507

    Individually immaterial subsidiaries with non-controlling interests                                             396,574         (614,125)       6,519,727       8,714,984
                                                                                                                   1,015,846         367,461       31,269,890      33,918,247

   Summarised financial information in respect of each of the Group’s subsidiaries that has material non-
   controlling interests is set out below. The summarised financial information below represents amounts before
   intragroup eliminations.

                                                      SI Development                   SI Urban Development                     SUD                       SI Environment
                                                      (Consolidated)               (Consolidated, including SUD)           (Consolidated)                 (Consolidated)
                                                     2022            2021                 2022              2021          2022            2021           2022            2021
                                                   HK$’000         HK$’000            HK$’000           HK$’000         HK$’000         HK$’000        HK$’000         HK$’000
    Current assets                              35,194,992        41,697,259       28,599,523       43,613,745       10,392,887      24,555,650      9,848,503      9,793,448
    Non-current assets                          20,275,571        11,447,525       28,847,264       28,261,083       16,402,096      10,859,545     35,970,477     36,598,871
    Current liabilities                        (28,661,578)       (28,562,605)    (25,994,672)     (36,356,973)      (10,164,897)   (16,682,374)    (10,614,524)   (14,302,346)
    Non-current liabilities                    (11,332,038)       (13,284,860)    (10,620,841)     (12,806,433)       (7,470,108)    (8,202,416)    (18,462,933)   (17,029,731)
    Equity attributable to owners
      of the Company                             6,847,638         2,033,348        6,595,635        6,859,137        5,084,341       5,893,280      5,254,193      4,878,691
    Non-controlling interests                    7,420,739         8,104,678        7,964,636        8,354,749        3,533,185       4,095,329      5,831,603      4,648,507
    Non-controlling interests
      of Group’s subsidiaries                    1,208,570         1,159,293        6,271,003        7,497,536          542,452         541,796      5,655,727      5,533,044




                                                                                                     SHANGHAI INDUSTRIAL HOLDINGS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022                      177
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      For the year ended 31 December 2022




      50. PRINCIPAL SUBSIDIARIES (continued)
           Details of non-wholly owned subsidiaries that have material non-controlling interests (continued)

                                                               SI Development             SI Urban Development                   SUD                    SI Environment
                                                               (Consolidated)          (Consolidated, including SUD)        (Consolidated)              (Consolidated)
                                                              2022            2021           2022               2021       2022            2021        2022            2021
                                                            HK$’000         HK$’000       HK$’000           HK$’000      HK$’000         HK$’000     HK$’000         HK$’000
            Revenue                                       6,173,497     12,771,893     11,022,496       11,015,088     2,508,295      5,823,023    9,634,489      8,759,240
            Profit (loss) for the year                      234,208       (404,974)       305,001          898,684      (372,139)       573,090    1,305,806      1,194,099
            Other comprehensive (expense)
              income for the year                         (1,379,587)      (19,778)      (372,487)         207,660      (748,994)       513,670     (634,345)       247,294
            Total comprehensive (expense)
              income for the year                         (1,145,379)     (424,752)        (67,486)      1,106,344     (1,121,133)    1,086,760      671,461      1,441,393
            Profit (loss) for the year attributable
              to the owners of the Company                   80,807         15,034        174,486          245,471      (221,850)       305,420      451,259        330,473
            Profit (loss) for the year attributable
              to the non-controlling interests               85,463         15,900        232,337          326,857      (154,167)       212,237      455,639        426,592
            Profit (loss) for the year attributable
              to the non-controlling interests
              of Group’s subsidiaries                        67,938       (435,908)      (101,822)         326,356         3,878         55,433      398,908        437,034
            Other comprehensive (expense)
              income for the year attributable
              to the owners of the Company                 (670,479)         (9,612)      398,649           96,774      (501,872)       259,256     (312,681)       126,708
            Other comprehensive (expense)
              income for the year attributable
              to the non-controlling interests             (708,108)       (10,166)      (212,318)         118,595      (203,025)       213,040     (321,930)       125,502
            Other comprehensive (expense)
              income for the year attributable
              to the non-controlling interests
              of Group’s subsidiaries                              –              –      (558,818)           (7,709)     (44,097)        41,374          266          (4,916)
            Total comprehensive (expense)
              income for the year attributable
              to the owners of the Company                 (589,672)         5,422        573,135          342,245      (723,722)       564,676      138,578        457,181
            Total comprehensive (expense)
              income for the year attributable
              to the non-controlling interests             (622,645)         5,734         20,019          445,452      (357,192)       425,277      133,709        552,094
            Total comprehensive income
              (expense) for the year attributable
              to the non-controlling interests
              of Group’s subsidiaries                        67,938       (435,908)      (660,640)         318,647       (40,219)        96,807      399,174        432,118
            Dividends paid to non-controlling interests      95,969        177,855        121,990          116,792              –       123,494       72,156         76,227
            Net cash inflow (outflow) from
              operating activities                        2,446,888     (4,280,903)    (5,050,631)      (1,338,376)    (3,010,051)   (3,598,659)   (1,622,635)      380,259
            Net cash (outflow) inflow from
              investing activities                        (2,608,352)      892,962       (613,163)       3,379,914      (396,387)     4,790,857     (765,703)    (1,044,669)
            Net cash inflow (outflow) from
              financing activities                        4,341,352      1,226,680     (3,105,441)       2,354,106     (3,490,875)    2,435,127    2,052,705        817,525
            Net cash inflow (outflow)                     4,179,888     (2,161,261)    (8,769,235)       4,395,644     (6,897,313)    3,627,325     (335,633)       153,115




178   SHANGHAI INDUSTRIAL HOLDINGS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                                        NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                           For the year ended 31 December 2022




51. PRINCIPAL JOINT VENTURE
   Particulars of the Group’s principal joint venture at 31 December 2022 and 2021 are as follows:

                                      Place of                          Percentage of
                                      establishment/                  registered capital
      Name of joint venture           operations                  attributable to the Group Principal activities
                                                                        2022            2021
      General Water                   The PRC                             45%                45% Joint investment and operation
                                                                                                   of water-related and environment
                                                                                                   protection businesses in the PRC

      Shanghai Nuozhuo                The PRC                        12.69%              12.65% Integrated management service
        Limited                                                       (Note i)           (Note i)

      Yangtze River Delta             The PRC                             50%                50% Joint investment and operation
                                                                                                   of water-related services

      Beiwaitan New                   The PRC                         24.3%                    N/A Joint investment and property
        Landmark                                                     (Note ii)                       development, property investment
                                                                                                     and property management

   Notes:

   (i)     This is a 50% owned joint venture of SUD, in which the Group indirectly owns 59% equity interest through SI Urban Development, a
           43% (2021: 42.8%) owned listed subsidiary.

   (ii)    This is a 50% owned joint venture through SI Development, a 48.6% (2021: 48.6%) owned listed subsidiary.

   (iii)   The above joint ventures are indirectly held by the Company and are accounted for as joint ventures because the subsidiary of the
           Company and the joint venture partner have contractual arrangements to jointly control the strategic financial and operating policies
           pursuant to its Articles of Association.

   (iv)    The above table lists the joint venture of the Group which, in the opinion of the directors, principally affected the results of the year or
           form a substantial portion of the net assets of the Group. To give details of other joint ventures would, in the opinion of the directors,
           result in particulars of excessive length.


52. PRINCIPAL ASSOCIATES
   Particulars of the Group’s principal associates at 31 December 2022 and 2021, which are all established in the
   PRC, are as follows:

                                                                        Percentage of
                                                                      registered capital
      Name of associate               Form of entity              attributable to the Group Principal activities
                                                                        2022            2021
      Shanghai Shentian               Sino-foreign joint               8.88%               8.86% Property development
                                        venture                       (Note i)            (Note i)

      Hangzhou Bay Bridge Sino-foreign joint                         23.06%              23.06% Holding a right to operate
                            venture                                                               a road bridge

      Canvest                         Limited liability              19.48%              19.48% Provision of municipal solid waste
        Environmental                   company                                                   handling services and operation
                                                                                                  and management of waste-to-
                                                                                                  energy plants in the PRC

      Shanghai Galaxy                 Limited Liability                   45%                45% Operation photovoltaic related
        (Note iii)                      company                                                    business in the PRC and provision
                                                                                                   of asset management services


                                                                                     SHANGHAI INDUSTRIAL HOLDINGS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022              179
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      For the year ended 31 December 2022




      52. PRINCIPAL ASSOCIATES (continued)
           Notes:

           (i)     This is a 35% owned associate of SUD, in which the Group indirectly owns 59% equity interest through SI Urban Development, a 43%
                   (2021: 42.89%) owned listed subsidiary.

           (ii)    The above associates are indirectly held by the Company.

           (iii)   The above table lists the associates of the Group which, in the opinion of the directors, principally affected the results of the year or form
                   a substantial portion of the net assets of the Group. To give details of other associates would, in the opinion of the directors, result in
                   particulars of excessive length.


      53. SEGMENT INFORMATION
           The Group’s operating segments, based on information reported to the chief operating decision maker (i.e. the
           board of directors of the Company) for the purposes of resource allocation and performance assessment, are as
           follows:

           Infrastructure facilities                       –       investment in toll road projects and water-related businesses

           Real estate                                     –       property development and investment and hotel operation

           Consumer products                               –       manufacture and sale of cigarettes, packaging materials and printed
                                                                   products

           Infrastructure facilities, real estate and consumer products also represent the Group’s reportable segments.

           Segment revenue and results
           The following is an analysis of the Group’s revenue and results by operating segment:

           For the year ended 31 December 2022

                                                                 Infrastructure                              Consumer         Elimination
                                                                      facilities       Real estate            products    and unallocated        Consolidated
                                                                      HK$’000            HK$’000              HK$’000            HK$’000            HK$’000
              REVENUE
              Segment revenue - external sales                    11,076,906          17,195,993            3,075,693                    –        31,348,592
              Segment operating profit (loss)                       3,440,780           3,416,931             400,119             (69,896)         7,187,934
              Finance costs                                          (831,485)         (1,003,597)             (3,059)            (28,665)        (1,866,806)
              Share of results of joint ventures                      293,311             (15,847)                  –              21,854            299,318
              Share of results of associates                          430,119            (297,546)                  –                   –            132,573
              Gain (loss) on disposal/liquidation of
                 subsidiaries                                            2,890           (244,831)                   –                   –          (241,941)
              Segment profit (loss) before taxation                 3,335,615           1,855,110             397,060             (76,707)         5,511,078
              Income tax expense                                     (654,847)         (1,315,901)            (65,417)           (145,143)        (2,181,308)
              Segment profit (loss) after taxation                  2,680,768             539,209             331,643            (221,850)         3,329,770
              Less: segment profit attributable to
                 non-controlling interests                           (754,682)           (239,704)            (21,460)                   –        (1,015,846)
              Segment profit (loss) after taxation
                attributable to owners of the Company               1,926,086             299,505             310,183            (221,850)         2,313,924




180   SHANGHAI INDUSTRIAL HOLDINGS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                                     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                 For the year ended 31 December 2022




53. SEGMENT INFORMATION (continued)
   Segment revenue and results (continued)
   For the year ended 31 December 2021

                                                     Infrastructure                       Consumer      Elimination
                                                           facilities    Real estate       products and unallocated      Consolidated
                                                          HK$’000         HK$’000          HK$’000        HK$’000           HK$’000
       REVENUE
       Segment revenue - external sales                10,913,937        23,786,981       4,047,033                 –     38,747,951
       Segment operating profit (loss)                  3,912,575         5,864,710         770,053          (162,552)    10,384,786
       Finance costs                                     (804,673)         (854,737)         (3,387)          (18,968)    (1,681,765)
       Share of results of joint ventures                 251,229            (7,470)              –                 –        243,759
       Share of results of associates                     522,101           (80,050)              –                 –        442,051
       Gain on disposal of subsidiaries/interest
          in an associate                                   28,270        1,275,762          53,151                 –      1,357,183
       Segment profit (loss) before taxation            3,909,502         6,198,215         819,817          (181,520)    10,746,014
       Income tax expense                                (797,471)       (5,704,505)       (124,009)           (7,063)    (6,633,048)
       Segment profit (loss) after taxation             3,112,031          493,710          695,808          (188,583)     4,112,966
       Less: segment (profit) loss attributable to
          non-controlling interests                      (742,836)         401,604          (26,229)                –       (367,461)
       Segment profit (loss) after taxation
         attributable to owners of the Company          2,369,195          895,314          669,579          (188,583)     3,745,505

   The accounting policies of the operating segments are the same as the Group’s accounting policies described
   in note 3.

   Segment assets and liabilities
   The following is an analysis of the Group’s assets and liabilities by operating segment:

   At 31 December 2022

                                                     Infrastructure                        Consumer        Elimination
                                                          facilities     Real estate        products   and unallocated   Consolidated
                                                          HK$’000          HK$’000          HK$’000           HK$’000       HK$’000
       Segment assets                                  67,879,416       112,917,882       7,412,234        5,724,220     193,933,752
       Segment liabilities                             32,881,244        74,706,343         794,206        8,758,048     117,139,841

   At 31 December 2021

                                                     Infrastructure                       Consumer      Elimination
                                                           facilities    Real estate       products and unallocated      Consolidated
                                                          HK$’000         HK$’000          HK$’000        HK$’000           HK$’000
       Segment assets                                  69,550,838       125,020,162       8,047,122        5,092,413     207,710,535
       Segment liabilities                             33,247,842        83,747,217         967,629        8,390,146     126,352,834

   For the purposes of monitoring segment performances and allocating resources between segments:

   •      all assets are allocated to operating segments other than corporate cash and cash equivalents, certain
          investments, certain interests in joint ventures and some other unallocated assets; and

   •      all liabilities are allocated to operating segments other than corporate tax liabilities, corporate bank
          borrowings and some other unallocated liabilities.

                                                                               SHANGHAI INDUSTRIAL HOLDINGS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022   181
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      For the year ended 31 December 2022




      53. SEGMENT INFORMATION (continued)
           Other segment information
           2022

                                                             Infrastructure                     Consumer        Elimination
                                                                  facilities      Real estate    products   and unallocated   Consolidated
                                                                  HK$’000           HK$’000      HK$’000           HK$’000       HK$’000
            Amounts included in the measurement of
             segment profit or loss or segment assets:

            Additions to non-current assets (Note)             1,435,618          9,795,707      317,323             3,028    11,551,676
            Depreciation and amortisation                        995,410            230,859      276,746             2,802     1,505,817
            Fair value changes on investment properties                –            (10,196)           –                 –       (10,196)
            Impairment loss on account receivables                 7,232             21,951         (211)                –        28,972
            Impairment loss on other receivables                   1,521               (416)      10,726                 –        11,831
            Impairment loss on properties held for sale                –             55,448            –                 –        55,448
            Impairment loss on properties under
               development held for sale                               –             13,806            –                 –        13,806
            Interest income                                     (216,308)          (126,271)     (37,475)          (89,334)     (469,388)
            Interests in joint ventures                        3,358,361          8,205,644            –                 –    11,564,005
            Interests in associates                            5,181,383          2,298,185            –                 –     7,479,568

           2021

                                                            Infrastructure                      Consumer      Elimination
                                                                  facilities      Real estate    products and unallocated     Consolidated
                                                                 HK$’000           HK$’000       HK$’000        HK$’000          HK$’000
            Amounts included in the measurement of
             segment profit or loss or segment assets:

            Additions to non-current assets (Note)             1,150,769          9,816,433      225,322             5,078    11,197,602
            Depreciation and amortisation                      1,202,364            244,133      269,570             2,764     1,718,831
            Fair value changes on investment properties                –           (877,970)           –                 –      (877,970)
            Impairment loss on account receivables                 9,813            246,352       (2,345)                –       253,820
            Impairment loss on other receivables                   6,770          2,203,028        5,407                 –     2,215,205
            Impairment on goodwill                                     –            265,052            –                 –       265,052
            Impairment loss on properties under
               development held for sale                                  –         909,692            –                 –        909,692
            Impairment loss on contract assets                            –         368,047            –                 –        368,047
            Reversal of impairment loss on properties
               held for sale                                           –            (30,781)           –                 –        (30,781)
            Interest income                                     (216,428)          (144,338)     (23,426)          (39,141)      (423,333)
            Interests in joint ventures                        3,042,416          3,036,492            –                 –      6,078,908
            Interests in associates                            5,421,929          2,835,979            –                 –      8,257,908

           Note: Non-current assets excluded financial instruments and deferred tax assets.




182   SHANGHAI INDUSTRIAL HOLDINGS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                                     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                  For the year ended 31 December 2022




53. SEGMENT INFORMATION (continued)
   Geographical information
   The Group’s operations are mainly located in Hong Kong (place of domicile) and the PRC.

   The Group’s revenue from external customers by geographical location of customers and information about its
   non-current assets by geographical location of the assets are detailed below:

                                                                                                               Revenue from
                                                                                                            external customers
                                                                                                         2022               2021
                                                                                                       HK$’000           HK$’000
    PRC                                                                                            29,604,363           36,156,004
    Asia areas, other than Hong Kong and the PRC                                                      320,026            1,264,538
    Hong Kong (place of domicile)                                                                     790,466              711,285
    Other areas                                                                                       633,737              616,124
                                                                                                   31,348,592           38,747,951


                                                                                                         Non-current assets (Note)
                                                                                                         2022               2021
                                                                                                       HK$’000          HK$’000
    PRC                                                                                            72,661,365           72,280,713
    Asia areas, other than Hong Kong and the PRC                                                       19,719               19,719
    Hong Kong (place of domicile)                                                                   1,148,508            1,238,865
                                                                                                   73,829,592           73,539,297

   Note: Non-current assets excluded financial instruments and deferred tax assets.


   Information about major customers
   No individual customer contributed to over 10% of the total revenue of the Group for both years.

54. CAPITAL RISK MANAGEMENT
   The Group manages its capital to ensure that entities in the Group will be able to continue as a going concern
   while maximising the return to stakeholders through the optimisation of the debt and equity balances. The
   Group’s overall strategy remains unchanged from prior year.

   The capital structure of the Group consists of net debt, which includes borrowings disclosed in note 33, net of
   cash and cash equivalents and equity attributable to owners of the Company, comprising issued share capital,
   retained profits and other reserves.

   The directors of the Company review the capital structure regularly. As part of this review, the directors
   consider the cost of capital and the risks associated with each class of capital. Based on recommendations of
   the directors, the Group will balance its overall capital structure through the payment of dividends, new share
   issues, repurchase of shares as well as the issue of new debt or the redemption of existing debt.




                                                                                SHANGHAI INDUSTRIAL HOLDINGS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022   183
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      For the year ended 31 December 2022




      55. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
           (a) Categories of financial instruments

                                                                                                   2022               2021
                                                                                                 HK$’000            HK$’000
                 Financial assets
                 FVTPL
                    Mandatorily measured at FVTPL
                    – Held for trading                                                           268,387            414,889
                    – Others                                                                       7,939                635
                 Equity instruments at FVTOCI                                                    386,915            456,062
                 Financial assets at amortised cost
                    (including cash and cash equivalents)                                    67,874,029          74,054,706
                 Financial liabilities
                 Amortised cost                                                              72,802,839          81,003,623


           (b) Financial risk management objectives and policies
                The Group’s major financial instruments include financial assets at FVTPL, equity instruments at FVTOCI,
                trade and other receivables, receivables under service concession arrangements, pledged bank deposits,
                short-term bank deposits, cash and cash equivalents, trade and other payables and bank and other
                borrowings. Details of the financial instruments are disclosed in respective notes. The risks associated with
                these financial instruments include market risk (currency risk, interest rate risk and price risk), credit risk
                and liquidity risk. The policies on how to mitigate these risks are set out below. The management manages
                and monitors these exposures to ensure appropriate measures are implemented on a timely and effective
                manner.

                Market risk
                (i) Currency risk
                    The Group mainly operates in the PRC and Hong Kong and the exposure in exchange rate risks mainly
                    arises from fluctuations in United States dollar, Hong Kong dollar and Renminbi exchange rates. The
                    management monitors foreign currency exposure, especially in view of the current depreciation risk
                    for Renminbi. The management will also consider hedging significant foreign currency exposure and
                    adopting suitable measures where necessary in order to mitigate impacts due to the depreciation of
                    the Renminbi to the Group.

                     The carrying amounts of the Group’s monetary assets and monetary liabilities at the reporting date
                     that are denominated in currencies other than the functional currency of the group entities (“foreign
                     currency”) are as follows:

                                                                       Assets                          Liabilities
                                                                   2022            2021              2022            2021
                                                                 HK$’000         HK$’000           HK$’000         HK$’000
                      Renminbi
                        (against Hong Kong dollar)               321,501          653,077             3,083            7,311
                      United States dollar
                        (against Hong Kong dollar
                        and Renminbi)                           4,974,774       7,283,522        6,058,711        6,778,572
                      Hong Kong dollar
                        (against Renminbi)                       111,320        2,040,132        2,677,596        2,928,240




184   SHANGHAI INDUSTRIAL HOLDINGS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                          NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                 For the year ended 31 December 2022




55. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (continued)
   (b) Financial risk management objectives and policies (continued)
      Market risk (continued)
      (i) Currency risk (continued)
          The above foreign currency denominated monetary assets and monetary liabilities mainly represent
          the Group’s trade and other receivables, pledged bank deposits, short-term bank deposits, cash and
          cash equivalents, trade and other payables and bank and other borrowings.

          Sensitivity analysis
          The following table details the Group’s sensitivity to a 5% (2021: 5%) increase and decrease in the
          functional currency of each group entity against the above foreign currency. 5% (2021: 5%) is the
          sensitivity rate used when reporting foreign currency risk internally to key management personnel and
          represents management’s assessment of the reasonably possible change in foreign exchange rates.
          The sensitivity analysis includes outstanding foreign currency denominated monetary items, and
          adjusts their translation at the year end for a 5% (2021: 5%) increase in foreign currency rates. The
          sensitivity analysis also includes inter-company balances where the denomination of balances are in
          currencies other than the functional currency of the respective group companies. A positive (negative)
          number below indicates an increase (a decrease) in profit after taxation where the above foreign
          currency strengthens 5% against the functional currency of each group entity.

                                                                                        2022                2021
                                                                                      HK$’000             HK$’000
            (Decrease) increase in profit after taxation                             (127,257)              10,552

      (ii) Interest rate risk
           The Group’s fair value and cash flow interest rate risks mainly relate to fixed and variable rates
           borrowings and lease liabilities respectively. The Group’s receivables under service concession
           arrangements, pledged bank deposits, fixed-rate amounts due to certain fellow subsidiaries/associates,
           loan to a joint venture/an associate, amounts due to non-controlling shareholders and fixed-rate bank
           and other borrowings have exposure to fair value interest rate risk due to the fixed interest rate on
           these instruments. The Group’s bank balances and variable-rate bank and other borrowings also have
           exposure to cash flow interest rate risk due to the fluctuation of the prevailing market interest rate.

          In order to exercise prudent management against interest rate risks, the Group continues to review
          market trends against its business operations and financial position in order to arrange the most
          interest rate risk management tools.

          A fundamental reform of major interest rate benchmarks is being undertaken globally, including the
          replacement of some interbank offered rates (“IBORs”) with alternative nearly risk-free rates. Details of
          the impacts on the Group’s risk management strategy arising from the interest rate benchmark reform
          and the progress towards implementation of alternative benchmark interest rates are set out under
          “interest rate benchmark reform” in this note.




                                                               SHANGHAI INDUSTRIAL HOLDINGS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022   185
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      For the year ended 31 December 2022




      55. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (continued)
           (b) Financial risk management objectives and policies (continued)
                Market risk (continued)
                (ii) Interest rate risk
                     Sensitivity analysis
                     The sensitivity analysis below has been determined based on the exposure to interest rates for its
                     variable-rate bank balances and short-term bank deposits (collectively referred to as the “Bank
                     Deposits”) and variable-rate borrowings at the end of the reporting period. The sensitivity analysis
                     does not consider the effect of interest expenses qualified for capitalisation.

                     For variable-rate borrowings and Bank Deposits, the analysis is prepared assuming that the amount of
                     asset/liability outstanding at the end of the reporting period was outstanding for the whole year. A 50
                     basis points and 10 basis points (2021: 50 basis points and 10 basis points), respectively, increase
                     or decrease are used when reporting interest rate risk internally to key management personnel and
                     represents management’s assessment of the reasonably possible change in interest rate.

                     If interest rates had been 50 basis points and 10 basis points (2021: 50 basis points and 10 basis
                     points) higher/lower for bank borrowings and bank deposits respectively, and all other were variables
                     were held constant, the Group’s profit after taxation for the year would decrease/increase by
                     HK$157,648,000 (2021: HK$174,851,000). This is mainly attributable to the Group’s exposure to
                     interest rates on its variable-rate Bank Deposits and borrowings.

                (iii) Price risk
                      The Group is exposed to price risk through its listed investments classified as either financial assets
                      at FVTPL or equity instruments at FVTOCI. The management strictly monitors this exposure by
                      maintaining a portfolio of investments with different levels of risks. The Group’s price risk is mainly
                      concentrated on equity instruments quoted in the Stock Exchange and the Shanghai Stock Exchange.
                      In addition, a special team has been appointed by the management to monitor the price risk and
                      hedging against such risk exposures will be made should the need arises.

                    Sensitivity analysis
                    The sensitivity analyses below have been determined based on the exposure to equity price risks on
                    quoted equity instruments held by the Group at the reporting date:

                     If the prices of the respective quoted equity instruments had been 5% (2021: 5%) higher/lower:

                     •    profit after taxation for the year would increase/decrease by HK$11,205,000 (2021:
                          HK$17,322,000) as a result of the changes in fair value of financial assets at FVTPL; and

                     •    investment revaluation reserve would increase/decrease by HK$1,754,000 (2021: HK$3,374,000)
                          as a result of the changes in fair value of financial assets at FVTOCI.




186   SHANGHAI INDUSTRIAL HOLDINGS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                           NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                    For the year ended 31 December 2022




55. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (continued)
   (b) Financial risk management objectives and policies (continued)
      Credit risk and impairment assessment
      Credit risk refers to the risk that the Group’s counterparties default on their contractual obligations resulting
      in financial losses to the Group. The Group’s credit risk exposures are primarily attributable to trade and
      other receivables, receivables under services concession arrangements, pledged bank deposit, short-
      term bank deposits and cash and cash equivalents. The Group’s maximum exposure to credit risk which
      will cause a financial loss due to failure to discharge an obligation by the counterparties and financial
      guarantees provided is arising from the amount of liabilities in relation to financial guarantee issued by the
      Group as disclosed in note 44.

      In order to minimise the credit risk, the management of the Group has delegated a team responsible
      for determination of credit limits and credit approvals. Before accepting any new customer, the Group
      uses an internal credit scoring system to assess the potential customer’s credit quality and defines credit
      limits by customer. Other monitoring procedures are in place to ensure that follow-up action is taken to
      recover overdue debts. In addition, the Group performs impairment assessment under ECL model on trade
      balances individually or based on provision matrix. In this regard, the directors of the Company consider
      that the Group’s credit risk is significantly reduced.

      The Group recognises lifetime ECL as prescribed by HKFRS 9 under simplified approach on trade
      receivables and contract assets; and recognises 12m ECL on receivables under service concession
      arrangements and other receivables. To measure the ECL of trade receivables and contract assets, they
      are assessed collectively using provision matrix based on shared characteristics including historical credit
      loss experience, industry specific factors to the debtors, general economic conditions and the available
      and supportive forward-looking information, including time value of money where appropriate. To measure
      the ECL of receivables under service concessions and other receivables, they are assessed individually
      on the recoverability based on historical settlement records, past experience, and also the available and
      supportive forward-looking information.

      Except for the credit-impaired trade receivables, other receivables and contract assets of HK$513,593,000,
      HK$2,424,741,000 and HK$368,047,000, respectively (2021: HK$484,621,000, HK$2,412,910,000 and
      HK$368,047,000, respectively), the management of the Group believes that there is no material credit risk
      inherent in the Group’s outstanding balance of trade and other receivables, and contract assets.

      With respect to the credit risk of the Group’s treasury operations, all bank balances, securities and debt
      investments of the Group must be placed and entered into with sound and reputable financial institutions.
      Strict requirements and restrictions in relation to the outstanding amount and credit ratings on securities
      and debt investments to be held are followed in order to minimise the Group’s credit risk exposures.

      The credit risk arising from receivable under service concession arrangements is limited as these
      receivables are guaranteed by the relevant governmental authorities in the PRC.

      The Group’s concentration of credit risk by geographical locations of customers are mainly in the PRC
      and Hong Kong which accounted for 100% (2021: 93%) and 0% (2021: 7%), respectively, of the trade
      receivables as at 31 December 2022.

      The Group’s credit risk on cash and cash equivalents and bank deposits is limited because the
      counterparties are banks with high credit ratings assigned by international credit-rating agencies.

      The Group has concentration of credit risk in relation to amounts due from associates and joint ventures
      which account for 44% (2021: 16%) of other receivables. These counterparties have a sound financial
      background at the end of the reporting period by reference to their financial position and business
      prospects. The Group’s credit risk position is monitored closely by the management.




                                                                  SHANGHAI INDUSTRIAL HOLDINGS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022   187
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      For the year ended 31 December 2022




      55. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (continued)
           (b) Financial risk management objectives and policies (continued)
                Credit risk and impairment assessment (continued)
                The tables below detail the credit risk exposures of the Group’s trade and other receivables, contract assets,
                receivables under service concession arrangements, pledged/short-term bank deposits and cash and cash
                equivalents, which are subject to ECL assessment:

                                                                                                         31 December 2022           31 December 2021
                                                         Notes 12-month or Lifetime ECL                 Gross carrying amount      Gross carrying amount
                                                                                                        HK$’000         HK$’000    HK$’000         HK$’000
                  Financial assets at amortised cost

                  Trade receivables (note 27)             (ii)    Lifetime ECL – not credit-impaired   4,854,962                  3,727,945
                                                          (ii)    Lifetime ECL – credit-impaired         513,593     5,368,555      484,621     4,212,566
                  Other receivables (note 27)             (i)     12-month ECL                         1,746,421                  1,687,661
                                                          (i)     Lifetime ECL – not credit-impaired     645,355                    975,406
                                                          (i)     Lifetime ECL – credit-impaired       2,424,741     4,816,517    2,412,910     5,075,977
                  Amounts due from related parties        (i)     12-month ECL                                       2,926,705                  1,361,641
                  Receivables under service concession    (i)     12-month ECL                                     26,815,209                  26,774,142
                     arrangements (note 23)
                  Pledged bank deposits (note 29)         (iii)   12-month ECL                                         228,583                    709,526
                  Short-term deposits (note 29)           (iii)   12-month ECL                                       1,786,601                    668,643
                  Cash and cash equivalents (note 29)     (iii)   12-month ECL                                      28,870,193                 38,149,742
                  Other items

                  Contract assets (note 28)               (ii)    Lifetime ECL – not credit-impaired                    87,882                    116,869
                                                          (ii)    Lifetime ECL – credit-impaired                       368,047                    368,047
                  Financial guarantees                    (iv)    12-month ECL                                       7,358,919                  9,897,526

                Notes:

                (i)    For other receivables and receivables under service concession arrangements, the Group measures the loss allowance equal
                       to 12m ECL. The Group applies internal credit risk management to assess whether credit risk has increased significantly
                       since initial recognition, in which case the Group recognises lifetime ECL. Except for other receivables of HK$2,424,741,000
                       (2021: HK$2,412,910,000) which are credit-impaired and ECL has been provided amounting to HK$11,831,000 (2021:
                       HK$2,215,205,000) as at 31 December 2022, the credit risk on other receivables and receivables under service concession
                       arrangements are limited because the counterparties have no historical default record and the ECL on these items are considered
                       insignificant.

                (ii)   For trade receivables and contract assets, the Group has applied the simplified approach in HKFRS 9 to measure the loss
                       allowance at lifetime ECL. Except for debtors with significant outstanding balances or credit-impaired, the Group determines the
                       expected credit losses on these items using a provision matrix, grouped by past due status.

                       During the year ended 31 December 2022, impairment allowance of HK$28,972,000 (2021: HK$253,820,000), HK$11,831,000
                       (2021: HK$2,215,205,000) and HK$nil (2021: HK$368,047,000) were made on credit impaired trade receivables, other
                       receivables and contract assets, respectively.




188   SHANGHAI INDUSTRIAL HOLDINGS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                                     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                            For the year ended 31 December 2022




55. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (continued)
   (b) Financial risk management objectives and policies (continued)
      Credit risk and impairment assessment (continued)
      Notes: (continued)

      (ii)    (continued)

              The following table shows the movement in lifetime ECL that has been recognised for trade receivables and contract assets under
              the simplified approach.

                                                                              Account receivables
                                                                                     lifetime ECL          Other receivables            Contract assets
                                                                                 (credit-impaired)          (credit-impaired)         (credit-impaired)
                                                                                          HK$’000                    HK$’000                   HK$’000

                As at 1 January 2021                                                     230,801                    197,705                           –
                Changes due to financial instruments recognised and at
                  1 January 2021:
                  – Impairment losses recognised                                         253,820                  2,215,205                   368,047
                As at 31 December 2021                                                   484,621                  2,412,910                   368,047
                Changes due to financial instruments recognised and at
                  1 January 2022:
                  – Impairment losses recognised                                          28,972                     11,831                           –
                As at 31 December 2022                                                   513,593                  2,424,741                   368,047


      (iii)   Pledged bank deposits, short term deposits and cash and cash equivalents that are deposited with state-owned banks or financial
              institutions with high credit rating to be low credit risk financial assets. The management of the Group considers these assets are
              short-term in nature and the probability of default is negligible on the basis of high-credit-rating issuers, and accordingly, no loss
              allowance was recognised during the year.

      (iv)    For financial guarantee contracts, the gross carrying amount representing the maximum amount the Group has guaranteed under
              the respective contracts. Further details are set out in note 44.

      Liquidity risk
      The Group’s liquidity position are monitored closely by management. The following tables detail the
      contractual maturity for its non-derivative financial liabilities. The tables have been drawn up based on
      the undiscounted cash flows of financial liabilities based on the earliest date on which the Group can be
      required to pay. The tables include both interest and principal cash flows. To the extent that interest flows
      are floating rate, the undiscounted amount is derived from interest rate at the end of the reporting period.

                                                                       Less than                                                                Carrying
                                                        Weighted        1 month                      3 months                     Total          amount
                                                          average          or on         1-3               to         Over undiscounted               at
                                                     interest rate       demand       months           1 year       1 year   cash flows      31.12.2022
                                                                %       HK$’000      HK$’000         HK$’000      HK$’000      HK$’000          HK$’000
         2022
         Non-interest bearing                                  –     13,387,127            –            –                –      13,387,127   13,387,127
         Fixed interest rate instruments                    3.35         37,149       70,703    5,999,639        8,113,763      14,221,254   13,741,352
         Variable interest rate instruments                 4.32        143,228      305,741   13,287,489       35,326,283      49,062,741   45,674,360
                                                                     13,567,504      376,444   19,287,128       43,440,046      76,671,122   72,802,839
         Financial guarantee contracts                         –      7,358,919            –               –            –        7,358,919            –
         Lease liabilities                                  4.71          7,631       15,261          68,675      137,210          228,777      210,763
                                                                      7,366,550       15,261          68,675      137,210        7,587,696      210,763




                                                                                   SHANGHAI INDUSTRIAL HOLDINGS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022                 189
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      For the year ended 31 December 2022




      55. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (continued)
           (b) Financial risk management objectives and policies (continued)
                Liquidity risk

                                                                       Less than                                                        Carrying
                                                         Weighted       1 month                3 months                      Total       amount
                                                           average         or on       1-3            to        Over undiscounted              at
                                                      interest rate     demand      months        1 year       1 year   cash flows   31.12.2021
                                                                 %      HK$’000    HK$’000     HK$’000       HK$’000     HK$’000       HK$’000
                 2021
                 Non-interest bearing                           –     16,175,690         –            –             –   16,175,690   16,175,690
                 Fixed interest rate instruments             4.18         41,841    79,634   10,198,200     5,324,997   15,644,672   15,139,869
                 Variable interest rate instruments          3.36        150,477   285,941   15,280,038    37,918,268   53,634,724   49,688,064
                                                                      16,368,008   365,575   25,478,238    43,243,265   85,455,086   81,003,623
                 Financial guarantee contracts                  –      9,897,526         –            –            –     9,897,526            –
                 Lease liabilities                           4.68          8,773    17,550       78,974      155,631       260,928      249,253
                                                                       9,906,299    17,550       78,974      155,631    10,158,454      249,253

                The amounts included above for financial guarantee contracts are the maximum amounts the Group could
                be required to settle under the arrangement for the full guaranteed amount if that amount is claimed by
                the counterparty to the guarantee. Based on expectations at the end of the reporting period, the Group
                considers that it is more likely than not that no amount will be payable under the arrangement. However,
                this estimate is subject to change depending on the probability of the counterparty claiming under the
                guarantee which is a function of the likelihood that the financial receivables held by the counterparty which
                are guaranteed suffer credit losses.

                The amounts included above for variable interest rate instruments for non-derivative financial liabilities is
                subject to change if changes in variable interest rates differ to those estimates of interest rates determined
                at the end of the reporting period.

                Interest rate benchmark reform
                For HIBOR bank and other borrowings, the Group has confirmed with the relevant counterparties HIBOR
                will continue to maturity. For USD LIBOR bank loans, of which approximately HK$1,396 million will mature
                in January 2024 (2021: approximately HK$1,396 million will mature in January 2024 and approximately
                HK$100 million will mature in March 2022), the Group is in the process of communication with the banks
                and specific changes have yet been agreed.

                The management anticipates that the interest rate benchmark reform will have limited material impact on
                the Group’s risk exposure.




190   SHANGHAI INDUSTRIAL HOLDINGS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                                 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                              For the year ended 31 December 2022




55. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (continued)
   (c) Fair value measurement of financial instruments
       Some of the Group’s financial assets and financial liabilities are measured at fair value at the end of each
       reporting period. The following table gives information about how the fair values of these financial assets
       are determined (in particular, the valuation technique(s) and inputs used), as well as the level of the
       fair value hierarchy into which the fair value measurements are categorised (Levels 1 to 3) based on the
       degree to which the inputs to the fair value measurements is observable.

       •       Level 1 fair value measurements are those derived from quoted prices (unadjusted) in active market
               for identical assets or liabilities;

       •       Level 2 fair value measurements are those derived from inputs other than quoted prices included
               within Level 1 that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly (i.e. as prices) or indirectly (i.e.
               derived from prices); and

       •       Level 3 fair value measurements are those derived from valuation techniques that include inputs for
               the asset or liability that are not based on observable market data (unobservable inputs).

                                              Fair value as at Fair value as at                                        Significant
                                                31 December 31 December Fair value        Valuation techniques         unobservable
           Financial assets                             2022             2021 hierarchy   and key inputs               input(s)
                                                     HK$’000          HK$’000
           Financial assets at FVTPL

           Listed equity securities                 268,387         395,523 Level 1       Quoted bid prices in         N/A
                                                                                            an active market

           Corporate bonds                                –          19,366 Level 2       Quoted prices in the         N/A
                                                                                            over-the-counter markets

           Unlisted equity securities                 7,939             635 Level 3       Adjusted net asset value     Discount factor
                                                                                            method under cost          of lack of control,
                                                                                            approach                   the higher the
                                                                                                                       discount factor,
                                                                                                                       the lower the fair
                                                                                                                       value.

           Financial assets at FVTOCI

           Listed equity security                    46,780          88,063 Level 1       Quoted bid prices in         N/A
                                                                                            an active market

           Unlisted equity securities               340,135         367,999 Level 3       Adjusted net asset value     Discount factor
                                                                                            method under cost          of lack of control,
                                                                                            approach                   the higher the
                                                                                                                       discount factor,
                                                                                                                       the lower the fair
                                                                                                                       value

       There was no transfer amongst Levels 1, 2 and 3 in both periods.




                                                                           SHANGHAI INDUSTRIAL HOLDINGS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022           191
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      For the year ended 31 December 2022




      55. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (continued)
           (c) Fair value measurement of financial instruments (continued)
                Reconciliation of Level 3 fair value measurements of financial assets

                                                                             Unlisted           Unlisted
                                                                               equity             equity
                                                                         instruments        instruments
                                                                            at FVTPL          at FVTOCI               Total
                                                                            HK$’000            HK$’000             HK$’000
                 At 1 January 2021                                            31,411            593,738            625,149
                 Fair value loss in other comprehensive income                     –           (243,327)          (243,327)
                 Fair value loss in profit or loss                           (30,795)                 –            (30,795)
                 Acquisition                                                       –             18,405             18,405
                 Refund of capital                                                 –            (19,374)           (19,374)
                 Exchange gain                                                    19             18,557             18,576
                 At 31 December 2021                                             635            367,999            368,634
                 Fair value loss in other comprehensive income                     –             (6,433)            (6,433)
                 Acquisition                                                   7,859              9,060             16,919
                 Exchange loss                                                  (555)           (30,491)           (31,046)
                 At 31 December 2022                                           7,939            340,135            348,074

                Fair value measurements and valuation processes
                The directors of the Company have closely monitored and determined the appropriate valuation techniques
                and inputs for fair value measurements.

                In estimating the fair value of an asset, the Group uses market-observable data to the extent it is available.
                For instruments with significant unobservable inputs under Level 3, the Group engages third party
                qualified valuers to perform the valuation. Management of the Group works closely with the qualified
                external valuers to establish the appropriate valuation techniques and inputs to the model on a regular
                basis, or when needs arise and will report the significant results and findings to the board of directors of
                the Company. The Group uses valuation techniques that include inputs that are not based on observable
                market data to estimate the fair value of certain types of financial instruments.




192   SHANGHAI INDUSTRIAL HOLDINGS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                                                       NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                                                     For the year ended 31 December 2022




56. RECONCILIATION OF LIABILITIES ARISING FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES
   The table below details changes in the Group’s liabilities arising from financing activities, including both cash
   and non-cash changes. Liabilities arising from financing activities are those for which cash flows were, or future
   cash flows will be, classified in the Group’s consolidated statement of cash flows as cash flows from financing
   activities.

                                                                                                     Dividend                                    Amount        Amounts
                                                                                                        paid to                                  due to a         due to
                                                                                               non-controlling      Interests     Dividend        related          fellow
                                                                                                      interests      payable       payable        parties   subsidiaries
                                                                                      Bank          (included      (included     (included     (included      (included
                                                                      Lease       and other            in other      in other      in other      in other       in other
                                                                   liabilities   borrowings         payables)      payables)     payables)     payables)      payables)          Total
                                                                   HK$’000         HK$’000           HK$’000        HK$’000       HK$’000       HK$’000        HK$’000        HK$’000
                                                                                     (Note)
    At 1 January 2021                                               431,075      56,942,146                 –        260,980             –    1,352,587          1,448      58,988,236
    Financing cash flows                                           (137,589)      7,927,229          (438,516)    (2,528,188)   (1,087,212)     217,283        134,134       4,087,141
    Non-cash changes
      Dividend declared (note 12)                                         –               –                –               –    1,087,212              –               –     1,087,212
      Dividend declared to non-controlling interests                      –               –        2,401,988               –            –              –               –     2,401,988
      Addition from acquisition of a subsidiary (note 37)               621               –                –               –            –              –               –           621
      Disposal of subsidiaries (note 40)                             (8,013)     (2,123,105)               –               –            –              –               –    (2,131,118)
      Finance costs (including amounts capitalised in properties
        under development held for sale) (note 7)                    15,241               –                  –    2,534,323              –            –               –      2,549,564
      New leases entered/lease modified                             (37,335)              –                  –            –              –            –               –        (37,335)
      Exchange difference                                           (14,747)      1,510,865                  –          113              –       43,766           2,469      1,542,466
    At 31 December 2021                                             249,253      64,257,135        1,963,472         267,228             –     1,613,636       138,051      68,488,775
    Financing cash flows                                           (123,476)      1,762,974       (1,236,994)     (2,814,236)   (1,043,723)   (1,299,983)       (1,451)     (4,756,889)
    Non-cash changes
      Dividend declared (note 12)                                           –             –                –               –    1,043,723              –               –     1,043,723
      Dividend declared paid to non-controlling interests                   –             –          894,978               –            –              –               –       894,978
      Addition from acquisition of a subsidiary (note 37)                   –       106,205                –               –            –              –               –       106,205
      Transfer to liabilities held for sale (note 39)                       –    (2,637,460)               –               –            –              –               –    (2,637,460)
      Disposal of a subsidiary (note 40)                                    –      (431,709)               –               –            –              –               –      (431,709)
      Liquidation of a subsidiary (note 41)                                 –      (218,373)               –               –            –              –               –      (218,373)
      Transfer to other receivables                                         –       (21,144)               –               –            –              –               –       (21,144)
      Finance costs (including amounts capitalised in properties
         under development held for sale) (note 7)                   12,897               –                  –    2,812,766              –            –               –      2,825,663
      New leases entered/lease modified                              77,128               –                  –            –              –            –               –         77,128
      Exchange difference                                            (5,039)     (4,086,635)                 –      (19,189)             –      (90,150)        (10,863)    (4,211,876)
    At 31 December 2022                                            210,763       58,730,993        1,621,456        246,569              –      223,503        125,737      61,159,021

   Note: The cash flows from bank and other borrowings comprise the net amount of new bank and other borrowings raised and repayment of
         bank and other borrowings.




                                                                                                              SHANGHAI INDUSTRIAL HOLDINGS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022                     193
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      For the year ended 31 December 2022




      57. STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION OF THE COMPANY

                                                                               2022                2021
                                                                             HK$’000             HK$’000
            Non-Current Assets
              Property, plant and equipment                                    2,083               4,106
              Investments in subsidiaries                                    735,055             735,055
                                                                             737,138             739,161
            Current Assets
              Deposits, prepayments and other receivables                    13,532              6,637
              Amounts due from subsidiaries                              33,492,969         33,231,186
              Short-term deposit                                            432,243            131,986
              Cash and cash equivalents                                   2,148,016          3,626,681
                                                                         36,086,760         36,996,490
            Current Liabilities
              Other payables and accrued charges                              21,295            19,777
              Amounts due to subsidiaries                                  1,137,484         2,682,030
              Taxation payable                                               158,947           165,145
                                                                           1,317,726         2,866,952
            Net Current Assets                                           34,769,034         34,129,538
            Total Assets less Current Liabilities                        35,506,172         34,868,699
            Capital and Reserves
              Share capital                                              13,649,839         13,649,839
              Reserves                                                   21,856,333         21,218,860
            Total Equity                                                 35,506,172         34,868,699




                                   Zhou Jun                                Xu Bo
                            Chief Executive Officer             Deputy Chief Executive Officer




194   SHANGHAI INDUSTRIAL HOLDINGS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                                      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                      For the year ended 31 December 2022




58. RESERVES OF THE COMPANY

                                                                                      Capital               Retained
                                                                                      reserve                 profits                 Total
                                                                                    HK$’000                 HK$’000                HK$’000
                                                                                     (Note ii)
     At 1 January 2021                                                            1,137,728             18,801,233              19,938,961
     Profit for the year                                                                  –              2,367,111               2,367,111
     Dividends paid (note 12)                                                             –             (1,087,212)             (1,087,212)
     At 31 December 2021                                                          1,137,728             20,081,132              21,218,860
     Profit for the year                                                                  –              1,681,196               1,681,196
     Dividends paid (note 12)                                                             –             (1,043,723)             (1,043,723)
     At 31 December 2022                                                          1,137,728             20,718,605              21,856,333

   Notes:

   (i)    The Company’s reserves available for distribution to shareholders as at 31 December 2022 comprised of retained profits of approximately
          HK$20,719 million (2021: HK$20,081 million).

   (ii)   The Company’s capital reserve which arose in year 1997 upon reduction of share premium as confirmed by the Order of the High Court
          of Hong Kong was not realised profits and is an undistributable reserve.




                                                                                 SHANGHAI INDUSTRIAL HOLDINGS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022            195
      FINANCIAL SUMMARY




                                                                         Year ended 31 December
                                                    2018              2019             2020               2021            2022
                                                  HK$’000           HK$’000        HK$’000              HK$’000         HK$’000
        RESULTS

        Revenue                                 30,412,883       32,345,473         27,137,601       38,747,951      31,348,592
        Profit before taxation                   8,523,183         8,906,201          6,917,061      10,746,014        5,511,078
        Income tax expense                      (3,429,512)       (3,572,645)        (2,993,918)     (6,633,048)      (2,181,308)
        Profit for the year                      5,093,671         5,333,556         3,923,143         4,112,966       3,329,770
        Profit for the year attributable to
          – Owners of the Company                3,333,020         3,349,531         2,218,877         3,745,505       2,313,924
          – Non-controlling interests            1,760,651         1,984,025         1,704,266           367,461       1,015,846
                                                 5,093,671         5,333,556         3,923,143         4,112,966       3,329,770
                                                       HK$              HK$                HK$              HK$             HK$

        Earnings per share
          – Basic                                    3.066             3.081             2.014             3.429           2.128
          – Diluted                                  3.065             3.081             2.014             3.429           2.128


                                                                                As at 31 December
                                                    2018              2019                 2020           2021            2022
                                                  HK$’000           HK$’000             HK$’000         HK$’000         HK$’000
        ASSETS AND LIABILITIES

        Total assets                          167,419,445        174,942,290       194,882,370       207,710,535     193,933,752
        Total liabilities                     (97,916,477)      (102,137,730)     (112,814,987)     (126,352,834)   (117,139,841)
                                                69,502,968       72,804,560         82,067,383       81,357,701      76,793,911
        Equity attributable to owners
          of the Company                        41,275,296       40,239,812         43,678,766       47,439,454      45,524,021
        Non-controlling interests               28,227,672       32,564,748         38,388,617       33,918,247      31,269,890
                                                69,502,968       72,804,560         82,067,383       81,357,701      76,793,911




196   SHANGHAI INDUSTRIAL HOLDINGS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                   PARTICULARS OF MAJOR PROPERTIES HELD
                                               FOR INVESTMENT PURPOSES


Details of the Group’s major properties held for investment purposes as at 31 December 2022 are as follows:

                                                                                                                Group’s
     Location                                                Term of lease                  Type of use         interest
 1. Urban Development International Tower（城開國際大廈） Held under a land use right               Commercial           25.37%
      No. 355 Hongqiao Road,                        for a term expiring on
      Xuhui District, Shanghai, the PRC             7 October 2053

 2. YOYO Tower（城開YOYO）                                       Held under a land use right    Commercial           25.37%
      No. 111 and 123 Tianyaoqiao Road,                        with an unspecified term
      Xuhui District, Shanghai. the PRC

 3. ShanghaiMart (上海世貿商城)                                    Held under a land use right    Commercial,          21.93%
      No. 2299 Yanan Road West,                                for a term expiring on         Office and
      Changning District, Shanghai, the PRC                    20 October 2049                Expo

 4. Phase 2 of Shanghai Youth City（上海青年城）                    Held under a land use right    Commercial           43.00%
      No. 1519 Husong Road, Jiuting Town,                      for a term expiring on
      Songjiang District, Shanghai, the PRC                    8 July 2055

 5. Lot No. B2, Phase I of Top City（城上城）                     Held under a land use right    Commercial           43.00%
      No. 1 Aoti Road, Yuanjiagang,                            for a term expiring in         and Car Park
      Jiulongpo District, Chongqing, the PRC                   February 2044                  Spaces

 6. The commercial building at Phase 3 of Youngman Point,    Held under a land use right    Commercial           43.00%
      No. 2 Gan Lu Yuan Zhong Li,                              for a term expiring on
      Qingnian Road, Chaoyang District,                        5 February 2044
      Beijing, the PRC

 7. The retail, office and basement car park portion of      Held under a land use right    Composite            48.60%
      Changning United 88（長寧八八中心）                              for a term expiring on
      No. 88 Changning Road,                                   14 August 2052
      Changning District, Shanghai, the PRC

 8. Several levels of Golden Bell Plaza（金鐘廣場）                Held under a land use right    Commercial           43.74%
      No. 98 Huahai Road Central,                              for a term expiring on         and Office
      Huangpu District, Shanghai, the PRC                      18 November 2043 and
                                                               22 August 2050

 9. Several levels of commercial and Cultural Complex        Held under a land use right    Composite            48.60%
      of Hi Shanghai（海上海）                                      for a term expiring on
      Lane 568 Feihong Road and Nos. 950, 970                  19 September 2052
      and 990 Dalian Road,
      Yangpu District, Shanghai, the PRC

 10. Retail and commercial office portions of Haishanghui,   Held under a land use right    Commercial           48.60%
       2529 Huyi Road, Jiading District,                       for a term expiring on
       Shanghai, the PRC                                       13 April 2054




                                                                    SHANGHAI INDUSTRIAL HOLDINGS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022   197
      PARTICULARS OF MAJOR PROPERTIES HELD FOR INVESTMENT PURPOSES




                                                                                                             Group’s
            Location                                            Term of lease                 Type of use    interest
        11. Tower 3 of Shanghai Industrial Investment           Held under a land use right   Commercial     48.60%
              Center（上實中心）                                        for a term expiring on        and Office
              No. 195 Xianggang East Road,                        8 September 2054
              Laoshan District, Qingdao, the PRC

        12. Gaoyang Commercial Centre（高陽商務中心）                   Held under a land use right   Commercial     48.60%
              No. 815 Dongdaming Road,                            for a term expiring on        and Office
              Hongkou District, Shanghai, the PRC                 5 March 2053

        13. Commercial units of Huangpu Estate（黃浦新苑）            Held under a land use right   Commercial     48.60%
              No. 1130 and Nos. 1-2, Lane 1108,                   for a term expiring on
              Tibet Road South, Huangpu District,                 8 November 2050
              Shanghai, the PRC




198   SHANGHAI INDUSTRIAL HOLDINGS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                                                       GLOSSARY OF TERMS



Term used                          Brief description
Canvest Environmental              Canvest Environmental Protection Group Company Limited (HKSE stock
                                   code: 1381)

Companies Ordinance                Companies Ordinance (Chapter 622) of the laws of Hong Kong

Company                            Shanghai Industrial Holdings Limited (HKSE stock code: 363)

Director(s)                        director(s) of the Company

Galaxy Energy                      SIIC Aerospace Galaxy Energy (Shanghai) Co., Ltd.

General Water of China             General Water of China Co., Ltd.

Green Energy Company               Shanghai Green Environmental Protection Energy Co., Ltd.

Group                              the Company and its subsidiaries

Jinan Quanyong                     Jinan Quanyong Printing Co., Ltd.

Hongsheng Investment               Shanghai Hongsheng Investment Development Co., Ltd.

Listing Rules                      Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on the Stock Exchange

Model Code                         Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers of
                                   the Listing Rules

Nanyang Tobacco                    Nanyang Brothers Tobacco Company, Limited

Net Business Profit                Net profit excluding net corporate expenses

PRC                                The People’s Republic of China

SFO                                Securities and Futures Ordinance (Chapter 571) of the laws of Hong Kong

SGX                                Singapore Stock Exchange

Shanghai Galaxy                    Shanghai Galaxy Investment Co., Ltd.

Shanghai Jiyun                     Shanghai Jiyun Infrastructure Construction Co., Ltd.

Shanghai Pharmaceutical Group      Shanghai Pharmaceutical (Group) Co., Ltd.

Shanghai Pharmaceuticals Holding   Shanghai Pharmaceuticals Holding Co., Ltd. (SSE stock code: 601607;
                                   HKSE stock code: 2607)

Shanghai SI Yangtze                S.I. Yangtze River Delta Ecological Development Co., Ltd.

Share(s)                           ordinary share(s) of the Company

Shareholder(s)                     shareholder(s) of the Company

Shisen Real Estate                 Shanghai Shisen Real Estate Co., Ltd.




                                                           SHANGHAI INDUSTRIAL HOLDINGS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022   199
      GLOSSARY OF TERMS




        Term used                                  Brief description
        SI Clean Energy                            Shanghai Industrial Clean Energy (Shanghai) Co., Ltd.

        SI Development                             Shanghai Industrial Development Co., Ltd. (SSE stock code: 600748)

        SI Urban Development or SIUD               Shanghai Industrial Urban Development Group Limited (HKSE stock code:
                                                   563)

        SI Urban Development Scheme                A share option scheme adopted by SI Urban Development at the annual
                                                   general meeting held on 16 May 2013

        SIHL Scheme                                A share option scheme adopted by the Company at the extraordinary
                                                   general meeting held on 25 May 2012

        SIIC                                       Shanghai Industrial Investment (Holdings) Company Limited

        SIIC Environment                           SIIC Environment Holdings Ltd. (SGX stock code: BHK; HKSE stock code:
                                                   807)

        SIIC Environment Scheme                    A share option scheme adopted by SIIC Environment at the extraordinary
                                                   general meeting held on 27 April 2012

        SIIC Longchuang                            SIIC Longchuang Smart Energy Technology Company Limited

        SIUD Share(s)                              ordinary share(s) of SI Urban Development

        SSE                                        Shanghai Stock Exchange

        Stock Exchange or HKSE                     The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited

        SUS Environment                            Shanghai SUS Environment Co., Ltd.

        Wing Fat Printing                          The Wing Fat Printing Company, Limited

        Xi’an Chanba                               Xi’an Chanba Construction Development Co., Ltd.




200   SHANGHAI INDUSTRIAL HOLDINGS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2022
