
EX-99.2

3

d56746dex992.htm

EX-99.2

EX-99.2

Exhibit 99.2

2025
MANAGEMENT’S
DISCUSSION AND
ANALYSIS

Overview   MD&A   Five-year highlights   Financial statements and notes

Management’s discussion and analysis

MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

The following management’s discussion and analysis (“MD&A”) is the responsibility
of management and is dated as of February 19, 2026.

The Board of Directors (“Board”) of Nutrien carries out its responsibility for
review of this disclosure principally through its Audit Committee, comprised exclusively of independent directors. The Audit Committee reviews and, prior to its publication, recommends approval of this disclosure to the Board. The Board has approved
this disclosure. The term “Nutrien” refers to Nutrien Ltd. and the terms “we”, “us”, “our”, “Nutrien” and “the Company” refer to Nutrien and, as applicable, Nutrien and its
direct and indirect subsidiaries on a consolidated basis. This MD&A should be read together with the Company’s audited consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2025 (“consolidated financial
statements”).

The generally accepted accounting principles (“GAAP”) we use are International Financial Reporting Standards
(“IFRS”) as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board, unless otherwise stated.

This MD&A contains certain
non-GAAP
 financial measures and ratios, which do not have a standard meaning under IFRS and, therefore, may not be comparable to similar measures presented by other issuers. Such

non-GAAP
 financial measures and ratios include:

•   Adjusted EBITDA

•   Adjusted net earnings and adjusted net earnings per share

•   Effective tax rate on adjusted net earnings guidance

•   Free cash flow

•   Gross margin excluding depreciation and amortization per tonne – manufactured product

•   Potash controllable cash cost of product manufactured per tonne

•   Ammonia controllable cash cost of product manufactured per tonne

•   Retail average working capital to sales and Retail average working capital to sales excluding Nutrien
Financial

•   Nutrien Financial adjusted net interest margin

•   Retail cash operating coverage ratio

•   Return on invested capital (“ROIC”)

•   Adjusted net debt

For definitions, further information and reconciliations of these measures to the most directly
comparable measures under IFRS, see the
“Non-GAAP
 financial measures” and “Other financial measures” sections.

This MD&A also contains forward-looking information and forward-looking statements. See the “Forward-Looking Statements” section.

All references to per share amounts pertain to diluted net earnings per share. Financial data in this MD&A is stated in millions of US dollars,
which is the functional currency of Nutrien and the majority of its subsidiaries, unless otherwise noted. Information that is not meaningful is indicated by n/m. Information that is not applicable is indicated by n/a. See the “Other financial
measures” and “Terms and Definitions” sections for certain definitions, abbreviations, measures and terms used in this MD&A.

Additional information relating to Nutrien (which, except as otherwise noted, is not incorporated by reference herein), including our Annual Information
Form for the year ended December 31, 2025, can be found on SEDAR+ at sedarplus.ca and on EDGAR at sec.gov. The Company is a foreign private issuer under the rules and regulations of the US Securities and Exchange Commission (the
“SEC”).

The information contained on or accessible from our website or any other website is not incorporated by reference into this
MD&A or any other report or document we file with or furnish to applicable Canadian or US securities regulatory authorities.

6 Nutrien Annual Report 2025

45

Overview   MD&A   Five-year highlights   Financial statements and notes

 Our approach to annual reporting

OUR APPROACH TO
ANNUAL REPORTING Through our annual
report, we aim to communicate how we assess opportunities and risks, which guide our strategy, risk management and governance. Our stakeholders’ priorities influence our approach to creating long-term value.

8 OUR COMPANY PROFILE
AND STRATEGY   16 MARKET ENVIRONMENT
Outlines who we are as a company, where we operate, and our
competitive advantages. Describes our strategy, how we delivered in 2025 and our
focus going forward. 10 Global profile 12 Nutrien’s advantage 13 Nutrien’s strategy 14 2025 Delivery 15 2026 Focus   Describes factors and trends that influence the environment we
operate in. 18 Market overview and fundamentals 20 Agriculture and retail 20 Potash, nitrogen and phosphate

22 GOVERNANCE AND KEY ENTERPRISE RISKS   30 OUR OUTLOOK
AND RESULTS
Explains our core corporate governance principles and
risk management process and outlines the key enterprise risks that may impact our
performance and future operations. 23 Board and executive leadership 24 Risk governance 25 Risk management process 26 Key enterprise risks For more information on our corporate governance practices, see our most recent Management
Proxy Circular. For a more detailed discussion of our key enterprise risks and other risks that
may have a material effect on us, refer to our 2025 Annual Information Form.   Provides a review of our operating segments, including
market outlook, 2026 guidance and highlights of our overall financial performance. 32 Market outlook 33 2026 Guidance and sensitivities 34 Operating segments and results 44 Financial results and capital management 56 Appendices

Nutrien Annual Report 2025

 7

Overview   MD&A   Five-year highlights   Financial statements and notes

Our Company profile and strategy

   OUR COMPANY PROFILE AND

     STRATEGY

8

  Nutrien Annual Report 2025

Overview   MD&A   Five-year highlights   Financial statements and notes

 Our Company profile and
strategy

Nutrien is a leading global provider of crop inputs and services. We operate a world-class network of
production, distribution and ag retail facilities that positions us to efficiently serve farmers. Our vision is to be the leading global agricultural solutions provider, delivering superior shareholder value through safe and sustainable operations.
To achieve this vision, our strategy is anchored in three priorities: simplify and focus, operational excellence and a disciplined and intentional approach to capital allocation. This strategy is designed to create

low-risk,
 structural free cash flow growth by leveraging our core competencies and to deliver reliable, growing cash returns to shareholders.

Nutrien Annual Report 2025

 9

Overview   MD&A   Five-year highlights   Financial statements and notes

Global profile GLOBAL PROFILE Our upstream fertilizer manufacturing assets are primarily located in North America, with access to high-quality resources, lower-cost inputs and an extensive midstream
distribution network to efficiently supply our customers. Our downstream Retail business serves farmers in key agricultural markets in North America, Australia and South America. SCALE AND ADVANTAGED POSITION ACROSS THE AG VALUE
CHAIN

#1   #1   #2
Global ag retailer   Global potash producer   North American nitrogen producer
UNIQUE AND DIVERSE RELATIONSHIP WITH THE FARMER
>50   >4,200   >600,000
countries served by our products and
services   crop consultants   customer accounts
PROVEN FINANCIAL STRENGTH AND
STABILITY
World-class assets   High-quality earnings   Strong balance sheet and
and market access   through the cycle   track record of returns
10 Nutrien Annual Report 2025

Overview   MD&A   Five-year highlights   Financial statements and notes

  Global profile

>1,800   6   12   6
Retail locations   Potash mines   Nitrogen facilities   Phosphate facilities

Retail   Potash   Nitrogen   Phosphate   Proprietary products

Australia

Nutrien Annual Report 2025

11

Overview   MD&A   Five-year highlights   Financial statements and notes

Nutrien’s advantage

NUTRIEN’S ADVANTAGE

Our leading position across the ag value chain offers key competitive advantages and differentiation from our competitors. We focus on driving efficiencies across our
network, enhancing our relationships with farmers, and strengthening our financial position and resilience.

SCALE AND ADVANTAGED POSITION ACROSS THE AG VALUE CHAIN Our global reach provides competitive advantages to support higher upstream sales of manufactured
fertilizer and proprietary products, drive supply chain efficiencies, optimize transportation and logistics and efficiently supply our customers.
UNIQUE AND DIVERSE RELATIONSHIP WITH THE
FARMER The farmer is at the heart of everything we do and our connection with our
customers is unlike any other. Together we are working to improve on-farm productivity and foster innovation to address the demands of a growing global population.
PROVEN FINANCIAL STRENGTH
AND STABILITY Our business is diversified, which enhances our earnings profile.
Our downstream Retail business provides greater stability to our earnings base and counter-cyclical cash flow, while our low-cost upstream fertilizer production assets are positioned to generate significant
cash flow, providing the ability to invest in our business and consistently return cash to our shareholders.

12 Nutrien Annual Report 2025

Overview   MD&A   Five-year highlights   Financial statements and notes

Nutrien’s strategy

NUTRIEN’S STRATEGY

Our strategy is centered on three priorities that span our upstream, midstream and downstream businesses.

SIMPLIFY AND FOCUS Simplify our approach to focus on business activities that are core to our long-term vision and explore opportunities to exit non-core activities.
OPERATIONAL EXCELLENCE Enhance safety, increase operational efficiency and asset utilization, maximize cost savings and
improve the quality of earnings.
DISCIPLINED AND INTENTIONAL
CAPITAL ALLOCATION Optimize the sources and uses of our cash and prioritize
sustaining safe and reliable operations, maintaining a strong and flexible balance sheet, strategically investing in our business and increasing cash returns to shareholders.

Nutrien Annual Report 2025 13

Overview   MD&A   Five-year highlights   Financial statements and notes

2025 Delivery

2025 DELIVERY

We delivered significant progress on our strategic priorities and 2026 performance targets.

SIMPLIFY AND FOCUS ~$900M of total gross proceeds from asset divestitures since the fourth quarter of 2024 ~$200M
annual cost savings target surpassed through centralization of functions and retail optimizations Controlled shutdown of Trinidad facility and ceased production at New Madrid upgrade facility Initiated
strategic review of Phosphate business   OPERATIONAL EXCELLENCE 49% potash ore tonnes mined using automation – more than double 2023 level 92% ammonia
operating rate 1 – achieved through reliability improvements Achieved Brazil margin-improvement plan despite challenging market conditions 87%
Phosphate P 2 O 5 operating rate for second half of 2025 – improving reliability and cost stewardship   DISCIPLINED AND INTENTIONAL CAPITAL ALLOCATION $1.6B in
cash returns to shareholders – increase facilitated by ratable buyback program $2.0B in capital expenditures, driven by risk-orientated approach to capital optimization, continuous improvement initiatives and a focus on leveraging existing assets to
deliver organic growth 1.8x adjusted net debt to adjusted EBITDA 2 – strengthening our balance sheet

1   Operating rate represents production volumes divided by production capacity (excluding Joffre and Trinidad facilities).

2   This is a capital management measure that includes non-GAAP components. See the “Non-GAAP financial measures” and “Other financial measures” sections.

14 Nutrien Annual Report 2025

Overview   MD&A   Five-year highlights   Financial statements and notes

2026 Focus

2026 FOCUS

We are determined to build on our momentum and deliver stronger performance.

In
2026, we will continue driving the priorities that support structural free cash flow growth:

•   With streamlined leadership and disciplined organization, we are lowering costs, increasing production through reliability
and debottlenecks and enhancing margins by optimizing our midstream and retail network.

•   We are improving the resilience and efficiency of our portfolio, all while identifying additional opportunities to
increase profitability.

Enhance safety performance

•   Safety is a core value – reinforce standards, strengthen accountability and continue building required capabilities
to improve safety performance across our operations.

Grow free cash flow

•   Deliver upstream fertilizer sales volume growth from our low-cost North American
asset base and increase Retail adjusted EBITDA through targeted growth initiatives.

•   Strengthen our midstream capabilities, including evaluation of west coast port facility.

•   Assess further growth pathways that leverage asset quality and inter-asset synergies to improve margins and reduce
costs.

Reliably increase cash returns to shareholders

•   Maintain ratable share repurchases that align with free cash flow per share growth and reliable dividend per share
increase.

•   Continue positioning the balance sheet as a strategic asset.

Optimize portfolio

•   Strengthen our world-class asset base, which is a competitive differentiator.

•   Complete the strategic review of alternatives for our Phosphate business, assess options for our Trinidad operations and
evaluate each component of our Brazilian business to determine the optimal way to participate in the long-term growth in this market.

•   Progress optimizing capital on our highest-quality assets and resilient earnings streams.

GROWING FREE CASH FLOW INTO 2026

Upstream manufactured sales volumes guidance (million tonnes)   Downstream adjusted EBITDA
guidance ($ billions)

1 Guidance provided in our news release dated February 18, 2026.

2 See the “Forward-looking statements” section.

3 Guidance assumes no
production from Trinidad and New Madrid facilities in 2026.

Nutrien Annual Report 2025 15

Overview   MD&A   Five-year highlights   Financial statements and notes

Market environment

 MARKET

 ENVIRONMENT

We operate in a rapidly changing world and must anticipate and adapt to our market environment. We seek to understand global markets and broader trends
that influence and shape our operational landscape. This understanding helps us to seize new opportunities as they emerge and better identify the risks that could impact our ability to deliver on our strategy.

16
  Nutrien Annual Report 2025

Overview   MD&A   Five-year highlights   Financial statements and notes

  Market environment

Nutrien Annual Report 2025
17

Overview   MD&A   Five-year highlights   Financial statements and notes

Market overview and fundamentals

MARKET OVERVIEW AND FUNDAMENTALS

Rising global food demand From 2000 to 2025, global food consumption growth outpaced population growth. This increase was driven largely by higher per-capita consumption of animal products, fruits, and oils, particularly in emerging economies where rising incomes and urbanization reshape diets. Looking ahead, as global population continues to rise,
arable land per capita is expected to decline. These dynamics underscore the mounting challenge of food security, creating long-term opportunities for farmers and input providers to meet escalating demand amid geopolitical volatility that continues
to influence trade flows and commodity pricing.   Growth in global population vs. crop consumption 1,2 (2000–2025 CAGR)
Driving the need for farming improvements To meet rising consumption, farming practices that include crop inputs, technology and agronomy have evolved significantly, enabling farmers to produce more from finite
land. Crop yield, measured as output per unit of land, has been a major contributor to aggregate production growth. Crop intensity, measured as higher rotation of crops each year, has also contributed. Lastly, increases in cropping area have played
an important role in meeting historical food consumption growth; however, availability of arable land will limit future growth. This trend underscores the importance of productivity gains as crucial to meet the needs of a growing
population.   Crop growth drivers (2000–2025 CAGR)
Supported by critical role of crop inputs for growers Modern agriculture relies on a tightly integrated set of inputs that include balanced crop nutrition, crop protection, improved seed genetics and agronomy advancements.
Collectively, these advancements support yield across seasons by enhancing plant resilience against pests, weeds and environmental stress. Potash, nitrogen and phosphate are essential to crop production and a cornerstone of agricultural output. Each nutrient plays a distinct role: potash supports water
uptake and efficiency of other nutrients, nitrogen improves crop yield and quality and phosphate aids root development.   Growth in key crop inputs (2000–2024 CAGR)
Together, they enable farmers to improve crop intensity and achieve higher yields. Looking ahead, fertilizer demand is expected to grow steadily –
as global food, feed and fuel demand grows, the need for crop inputs and agronomic services remains a key growth engine for the agricultural supply chain. 1 Global data excludes China. 2 Crop consumption data includes grains, oilseeds,
pulses, roots and tubers. 3 Based on annual figures represented on a tonnes basis. 4 Reported data is calculated on the basis of size of global market in $ billions.   Growth in crop nutrients (2000–2024 CAGR) Source: Nutrien estimates based on CRU, IFA, IHS,
FAO STAT, S&P, USDA

18 Nutrien Annual Report 2025

Overview   MD&A   Five-year highlights   Financial statements and notes

Market overview and fundamentals

Agriculture and retail markets
$127B 2025 crop input sales 1
Crop nutrients
~74.5 Mmt 2025 global potash (KCl) demand
~167 Mmt 2025 global nitrogen (N) demand
~52 Mmt 2025 global phosphate (P 2 O 5 ) demand

1   Represents total market sales of seed, fertilizer and crop protection products in the US, Canada, Australia and Brazil.

Nutrien Annual Report 2025 19

Overview   MD&A   Five-year highlights   Financial statements and notes

Market overview and fundamentals

Agriculture and retail

The agriculture retail industry is highly fragmented in most of the major markets in which we operate, and is primarily composed of small and
medium-sized
 competitors. Scale, reliability of supply and the ability to provide innovative products and solutions, including digital offerings, are increasingly important to farmers.

In North America, the primary crops grown include corn, soybeans, wheat, canola and cotton. It is a more mature market, with farmers who are leveraging advanced
agriculture tools and are willing and able to invest in high-value products and services. In Australia, our customers require a full suite of crop production inputs and solutions for livestock, water and irrigation services given the more mixed
nature of farm operations. Brazil is one of the world’s largest and fastest-growing agriculture markets. It is currently the largest soybean producer and the third largest producer of corn and cotton globally.

Our Proprietary products differentiate our crop input offerings and deliver stronger agronomic outcomes, while contributing to an improved margin profile. We also provide
flexible financing solutions aligned with growers’ seasonal cash-flow needs, helping them obtain essential crop inputs and supporting our product and service sales.

Agricultural and retail markets are influenced by short and long-term factors ranging from acreage and crop yield, to crop prices and grower cash margins, to government
incentives and trade-flows. Global grains ending
stocks-to-use
 ratio is a key indicator to understand supply tightness and explains price trends for key crops.

Potash

Potash strengthens root systems, supporting water uptake and drought and disease tolerance, and increases the efficiency of other nutrients. Potash demand growth is
driven by increasing nutrient requirements of higher-yielding crops and improving soil fertility practices, particularly in emerging markets where potash has been historically under-applied and crop yields lag.

High-quality potash reserves in significant quantities are limited to a small number of countries. Canada has the largest known global potash capacity, accounting for
approximately 40 percent of the total. Another 35 percent of the world’s potash production capacity is held by Russia and Belarus, making them the next major exporting countries after Canada.

Building new production capacity requires significant capital and time to bring online. The expected cost for a greenfield project, including infrastructure, is over
$2,300 per tonne and requires a minimum of 10 years.
1
 Brownfield projects have a significant per-tonne capital cost advantage over greenfield projects.

Most major potash-consuming countries in Asia and Latin America have limited production capability and rely on imports to meet their needs. Trade typically accounts for
approximately three-quarters of demand for potash, resulting in a globally diversified marketplace.

Inflation in operating and logistics costs has increased the
short run marginal cost of potash supply and higher capital costs have also impacted the
long-run
 marginal cost.

Yield vs. nutrient consumption 2 (tonnes/hectare, million tonnes)   Global potash demand (million tonnes KCl)
Source: USDA, IFA, CRU, Nutrien   Source: IFA, Argus, CRU, SPGCI, Nutrien

1   KCl conventional potash mine of 3 million tonnes in Saskatchewan, Canada. Cost includes rail, utility systems,
port facilities and, if applicable, cost of deposit.

2   Global data excludes China.

20 Nutrien Annual Report 2025

Overview   MD&A   Five-year highlights   Financial statements and notes

Market overview and fundamentals

Nitrogen

Nitrogen is an
essential crop nutrient and is a fundamental building block of plant proteins that improves both crop yield and quality. The necessity of nitrogen for crop yield supports a strong and growing demand for nitrogen fertilizers. Additionally, nitrogen
is used as an input in many industrial processes, both as a chemical feedstock and as an inert process gas.

Production of nitrogen products is the most
geographically diverse of the three primary crop nutrients due to the widespread availability of hydrogen sources. Access to reliable and competitively priced energy feedstock supply, commonly natural gas, is an important driver of profitability.
Geopolitical events continue to create additional volatility in certain global energy markets. North American nitrogen producers currently have an advantaged cost position due to the relatively low price of natural gas compared to competitors in
Europe and Asia.

The US is the third largest nitrogen-producing country and remains one of the largest importers of nitrogen products. China and India are the
largest consumers of nitrogen fertilizer, accounting for approximately 45 percent of the world’s consumption.

Phosphate

Phosphorus is
essential to all living things and is key to energy reactions in plants, particularly photosynthesis, and is vital to plant growth. Additionally, phosphate is used as an input in animal feed, food ingredients and industrial processes.

Phosphate rock is found in significant quantity and quality in only a handful of geographic locations, with only 11 major phosphate-producing countries. Due to the
concentration of deposits, the majority of recent capacity additions have come from existing producers in North Africa, the Middle East and China.

China is the
world’s largest producer of phosphate, and its trade policy has a major impact on the global market. To illustrate, in 2025, Chinese DAP/MAP exports were down approximately 40 percent, compared to normal historical levels as a result of
export restrictions that prioritized domestic use.

India and Brazil are the largest importers of phosphate fertilizers, with limited domestic production. In more
mature markets like North America, we have seen continued demand growth for phosphate fertilizers that incorporate secondary nutrients and micronutrients like Nutrien’s MAP+MST product.

Global ammonia demand (million tonnes NH 3 )   Global P 2 O 5 demand (million tonnes P 2 O 5 )
Source: SPGCI, CRU, Argus, Nutrien   Source: CRU, TFI, Industry Consultants, Nutrien

Nutrien Annual Report 2025 21

Overview   MD&A   Five-year highlights   Financial statements and notes

  Governance and key enterprise risks

GOVERNANCE AND

KEY ENTERPRISE RISKS

We embed strong corporate governance systems and principles across our
business to ensure the interests of shareholders and other stakeholders remain central to our decision making. Our governance supports value preservation and long-term value creation by ensuring that our key enterprise risks and opportunities are
appropriately identified and addressed. Nutrien’s corporate governance structure includes policies and processes that clearly define the respective roles of the Board and the Executive Leadership Team (“ELT”). Our Board provides
oversight of corporate strategy execution and risk management.

22
  Nutrien Annual Report 2025

Overview   MD&A   Five-year highlights   Financial statements and notes

Governance and key enterprise risks

BOARD OF DIRECTORS

Russell Girling   Ken Seitz   Christopher Burley   Maura Clark   Michael Hennigan   Miranda Hubbs
Chair   President and Chief   Director   Director   Director   Director
Executive Officer
Raj Kushwaha   Julie Lagacy   Consuelo Madere   Keith Martell   Aaron Regent   Nelson L.C. Silva
Director   Director   Director   Director   Director   Director

EXECUTIVE LEADERSHIP TEAM

Ken Seitz   Noralee Bradley   Andrew Kelemen   Chris Reynolds   Mark Thompson   Sarah Walters
President and Chief   Executive Vice   Executive Vice   Executive Vice   Executive Vice   Executive Vice
Executive Officer   President, External   President, Corporate   President, Global Sales   President and Chief   President, IT and
Affairs, Chief Legal   Development and   Financial Officer   Chief People Officer
Officer and Corporate   Chief Strategy Officer
Secretary

Nutrien Annual Report 2025
23

Overview   MD&A   Five-year highlights   Financial statements and notes

Risk governance

RISK GOVERNANCE

Risk management is an integral part of doing business and our Board is responsible for overseeing the execution and alignment of Nutrien’s corporate strategy and
risk management processes.

Nutrien’s ELT has the responsibility of ensuring the Company’s principal risks are being appropriately
identified, assessed and addressed. Management keeps the Board and each of the Board committees regularly apprised of risks and developments relevant to their mandates.

Responsibility and accountability for risk management are embedded in all levels of our organization, and we strive to integrate risk management into key decision-making
processes and strategies. By proactively assessing risk across our organization, we aim to effectively manage the risks that could have an impact on our ability to achieve our strategic objectives and deliver long-term value.

Role of the Board committees

While the Board as a whole oversees our strategy and risk management processes, each Board committee has oversight over business topics and certain risk areas relevant to
their committee mandate. More information can be found in Nutrien’s Board and Board committee charters on our website at nutrien.com.

Board/Board Committee   Oversight includes the following business topics or risk
areas
Board of Directors   Corporate strategy   Risk management
Oversight of safety, health, environmental and security matters   Human resources and compensation
Corporate governance and compliance
Safety Committee   Health and safety risks   Environmental risks
Crisis and emergency response management   Process safety and operational integrity
Incident reporting and response   Regulatory and compliance risk
Safety culture and performance
Audit Committee   Accounting and financial reporting   Whistleblower, ethics and compliance
Internal controls and disclosure controls   Financial risk management
Internal audit   External audit
Corporate Governance &   Corporate governance   Board evaluations
Nominating Committee   Board composition   Activities that maintain or enhance the ability to create value over the long term (including oversight of climate-related risks)
Director compensation
Director orientation and continuing education
Stakeholder and Indigenous relations   Cybersecurity, artificial intelligence (“AI”) and
data governance
Related-party transactions
Human Resources &   Executive compensation   Human capital management, including the Company’s Indigenous Strategy as it relates to Indigenous employment and human resources
Compensation Committee   Incentive plan design and performance metrics
Succession planning
Talent management and leadership   Learning and development
development

24 Nutrien Annual Report 2025

Overview   MD&A   Five-year highlights   Financial statements and notes

Risk management process

RISK MANAGEMENT PROCESS

Risk management is embedded in our strategy and business processes to support informed decision making and responsible stewardship of resources. Our centralized
Enterprise Risk Management program is guided by a global risk management framework. The framework promotes consistent and integrated application of risk management principles and practices across our organization.

Nutrien’s operating segments and corporate functions use our global risk management framework to identify, assess and
develop mitigation actions for risks that may affect their strategy, operations or future performance. Annually, we conduct a
top-down
 enterprise risk assessment alongside a

bottom-up
 risk assessment, resulting in a consolidated view of our risk profile.

Management evaluates risk holistically to understand Nutrien’s overall risk landscape and the interconnections among
risks. A comprehensive view of enterprise risks is evaluated by our ELT and senior leaders, and our key enterprise risks are presented to the Board at least annually.

Nutrien Annual Report 2025 25

Overview   MD&A   Five-year highlights   Financial statements and notes

Key enterprise risks

KEY ENTERPRISE RISKS

We characterize a key enterprise risk as an individual risk, or combination of risks, that could materially affect our ability to achieve our strategic objectives,
deliver shareholder value or maintain operational and financial stability. Our key enterprise risks presented below represent our most significant exposures; however, we continue to be exposed to other important general business, financial and
operational risks.

1   COMPETITION AND MACROECONOMIC CONDITIONS

Description Changes in global macroeconomic conditions and market dynamics – including tariffs, trade or export restrictions, market volatility,
geopolitical events, increased price competition or new competitors or major shifts in agriculture production or consumption – could lead to a sustained environment of reduced demand for our products, create lower or more volatile commodity
prices or increase costs and thereby negatively affect our short- and long-term profitability.   Risk management approach We operate across the ag value chain with a favorable cost structure and a diversified portfolio of products and services that help minimize the impact of changing market
conditions. Additionally, we maintain a strong and flexible balance sheet and pursue a clearly identified strategy that aims to enhance key advantages of our core business and drive operational excellence. See page 18 of this report for more information on our market environment.

2   CHANGING REGULATIONS

Description Changes in laws, regulations or government policies – including those relating to the environment, climate change, data privacy, health
and safety, taxes and royalties, or from pressure on lawmakers and regulators to address concerns related to fertilizer and food prices – can affect how we operate. New requirements may limit our ability to produce or sell certain products,
reduce our efficiency, increase costs for materials, energy, transportation or compliance or require upgrades to our facilities. These and other factors could impact our strategy, operations, financial results or reputation.   Risk management approach We maintain regular engagement with governments, regulators and key industry associations through our Government & External Affairs Team. This helps us to stay
informed about policy and regulatory developments, anticipate their impacts and work with industry partners to support outcomes that enable our long-term success. We also use cross-functional compliance programs and internal reviews to assess
potential impacts and ensure our operations and products meet evolving requirements.

26 Nutrien Annual Report 2025

Overview   MD&A   Five-year highlights   Financial statements and notes

Key enterprise risks

3   POLITICAL, ECONOMIC AND SOCIAL INSTABILITY

Description Nutrien operates a global business with significant operations in Canada and the US and additional operations in Australia, South America, Trinidad
and parts of Europe. Operating internationally exposes us to political, economic and social instability that can affect how we do business. These risks include, but are not limited to, restrictions on moving money out of certain countries, inflation or government actions aimed at
controlling inflation, currency exchange rate fluctuations between the US dollar and foreign currencies, labor disruptions, competitive restrictions and changes to or loss of important agreements or permits. We may also be affected by tariffs,
sanctions, embargoes, trade barriers, exchange controls,forced divestitures or broad geopolitical events such as military conflict. Shifts in political or regulatory environments can disrupt our operations or ability to do business, affect the value
of our assets and impact our financial performance.   Risk management approach Our Government & External Affairs Team engages regularly with governments, regulators, industry associations and other stakeholders in the regions where we
operate or plan to operate. We factor political and country-specific risks into our capital investment and project decisions and limit our exposure in jurisdictions where we believe the risk is too high. We also monitor global political and
regulatory developments and trends to understand potential impacts on our business.

4   AGRICULTURAL CHANGES AND TRENDS

Description The agricultural landscape is impacted by factors such as ongoing farm and industry consolidation, shifts in farmer demographics, new technologies,
evolving sustainability practices, changing government programs and policies, trade disputes and trade tariffs, climate impacts and broader social trends. Many of these factors vary by region and can affect long-term demand for our products and
services and as a result may adversely affect our strategy and our financial performance.   Risk management approach Our downstream Retail network gives us direct insight into what farmers need, allowing us to anticipate emerging trends early and respond quickly. We focus on delivering
solutions that help farmers manage challenges, including offering financing solutions through Nutrien Financial, expanding our portfolio of proprietary products and investing in digital tools, agronomic expertise and technologies that improve
productivity and on-farm decision making.

Nutrien Annual Report 2025 27

Overview   MD&A   Five-year highlights   Financial statements and notes

Key enterprise risks

5   SUPPLY CHAIN DISRUPTION

Description Our ability to produce and deliver products depends on reliable inbound and outbound supply chains. Disruptions can affect our access to key
materials or limit our ability, as well as the ability of third parties we depend on, to transport products to customers on time. Geopolitical conflicts, regulatory changes, sanctions, tariffs, labor disputes, pandemics and extreme weather events
can create supply chain challenges and delays and/or limit our future ability to sell or distribute our products when needed. These challenges can negatively affect our business and financial performance.   Risk management approach Our scale and advantaged position across the ag value chain provides us the flexibility to optimize our operations and distribution network in response to supply chain
disruptions. We have an extensive and diverse transportation and storage network that helps us navigate logistical challenges. We also maintain a diverse supplier base that we regularly review to ensure we have reliable access to critical feedstocks
and materials for our operations.

6   CYBERSECURITY THREATS

Description Nutrien relies on information technology, operational control systems and third-party or cloud-based platforms to run our business. As our dependence
on these systems grows, so does our exposure to increasingly sophisticated cyber threats, including those driven by AI. Cybersecurity risks can include attacks on information technology and infrastructure by hackers, ransomware, viruses,
unauthorized access to confidential or personal information, disruptions to computer control systems and broader business or supply chain interruptions. A cyber incident could lead to operational downtime, higher security or insurance costs,
reputational harm, legal or third-party claims and other impacts that could negatively affect our business and financial performance.   Risk management approach Our Global Information Management and Cyber Security Team, supported by third-party specialists, oversees our network security and helps coordinate incident response when
needed. We promote strong cybersecurity awareness across the Company through our cybersecurity policies, controls and best practices. All new information technology systems undergo threat and risk assessments, and our incident response processes are
reinforced by external support. We also run regular phishing simulations and targeted cybersecurity and incident response training to help reduce vulnerabilities.

7   SAFETY, HEALTH AND ENVIRONMENT

Description Our operations involve safety, health and environmental risks inherent in mining, manufacturing and the transportation, storage and distribution of
our products. These risks can lead to injuries or fatalities and may affect air quality, biodiversity, water resources or local ecosystems near our sites. Any such incident could disrupt our operations and have a negative impact on our financial
performance and reputation.   Risk management approach We follow regulatory, industry and internal safety, health and environmental standards, supported by strong governance and oversight. We have structured systems to
prevent and respond to incidents, and we conduct regular security and vulnerability assessments. Across our operations, we maintain crisis communication and emergency response programs, along with environmental monitoring and controls, including
independent reviews of key containment structures.

28 Nutrien Annual Report 2025

Overview   MD&A   Five-year highlights   Financial statements and notes

Key enterprise risks

8   TALENT AND ORGANIZATIONAL CULTURE

Description Our ability to attract, develop and retain skilled employees, as well as maintain the programs, structure and culture that support them, is essential
to our growth and performance. Increasing competition for talent, particularly in certain regions or for specialized roles, can create challenges in hiring or retaining employees and increase costs and reduce productivity. Our investment in training
also makes our employees valuable to competitors. If we are unable to sustain an engaging workplace or retain the talent needed to support our operations and future growth, our operations and financial performance could be negatively
affected.   Risk management approach Our Talent Attraction and Sourcing Team works to build a diverse, skilled workforce, while our development programs support employee growth and engagement. We use a
structured succession process to identify critical roles and strengthen our internal and external talent pipelines. Our compensation and incentive programs are competitive, performance-based and aligned with our purpose-driven culture.

9   CAPITAL REDEPLOYMENT

Description We may be unable to deploy capital to efficiently achieve sustained growth, effectively execute on opportunities or meet stakeholder expectations.
This risk may arise from market conditions, limited investment opportunities or other factors. Additionally, deploying capital in a manner that is inconsistent with our strategic priorities could negatively impact our returns, operations,
reputation, access to or cost of capital or result in potential asset impairments.   Risk management approach Our capital allocation is guided by a disciplined framework and supported by Nutrien’s diversified earnings base. We focus on sustaining safe and reliable
operations, preserving balance sheet strength and flexibility, deploying capital to strategic investments and providing meaningful returns to our shareholders. Additionally, our centralized Enterprise Capital Team helps to ensure consistent project
evaluation and an enterprise-wide view of capital project decisions.

10   STAKEHOLDER SUPPORT

Description Nutrien’s reputation and stakeholder relationships are critical to our ability to operate and execute our strategy and can be affected by
actual or perceived actions across our business and supply chain. Any erosion of trust could impair our ability to execute on our business plans. It could also negatively impact our ability to produce or sell our products, lead to reputational and
financial losses or negatively impact our access to or cost of capital or trigger shareholder action.   Risk management approach Our Investor Relations and Government & External Affairs teams regularly engage with key stakeholders to identify their concerns and convey the long-term value
proposition of our business. We are active in industry associations, implement our community relations and investment initiatives across our operations and have a focused Indigenous Relations engagement strategy. Our overarching strategy is designed
to address and support the areas most important to our stakeholders.

Nutrien Annual Report 2025 29

Overview   MD&A   Five-year highlights   Financial statements and notes

Our outlook and results

OUR OUTLOOK AND

   RESULTS

Nutrien has four reportable operating segments: Retail, Potash, Nitrogen and Phosphate. The downstream Retail segment distributes crop
nutrients, crop protection products, seed and merchandise and provides services, including financing, directly to farmers through a network of retail locations in North America, Australia and South America. The upstream Potash, Nitrogen and
Phosphate segments are differentiated by the chemical nutrient contained in the products that each produces.

  30
  Nutrien Annual Report 2025

Overview   MD&A   Five-year highlights   Financial statements and notes

Our outlook and results

Adjusted EBITDA is the primary profit measure used to evaluate the segments’ performance as it excludes the impact of
non-cash
 impairments and impairment reversals and other costs that are centrally managed by our corporate function. Refer to Note 3 to the consolidated financial statements for details.

Net sales (sales less freight, transportation and distribution expenses) is the primary measure used in planning and forecasting in the
Potash, Nitrogen and Phosphate operating segments.

Nutrien Annual Report 2025
31

Overview   MD&A   Five-year highlights   Financial statements and notes

Market outlook

MARKET OUTLOOK

Agriculture and retail markets

•   Higher global grain and oilseed production in 2025 increased stocks-to-use ratios towards historical average levels and led to significant nutrient removal from the soil. Strong demand for food, feed and biofuel uses is expected to drive continued need for higher
global crop production and related crop inputs.

•   We expect total US crop acres in 2026 to be consistent with 2025 levels and project corn plantings of 94 to
96 million acres and soybean plantings of 84 to 86 million acres. This acreage outlook, combined with a compressed fertilizer application season in the fall of 2025, is expected to support increased crop input demand in the first half of
2026.

•   In Brazil, soybean production is expected to set another record in 2026, with harvest currently underway, and we
anticipate a 3 to 5 percent increase in safrinha corn plantings. Growth in planted area is expected to support crop input demand; however, weaker affordability is expected to result in just-in-time purchases and a continued shift to lower analysis nitrogen and phosphate products.

•   In Australia, improved weather compared to the first half of 2025 is expected to support crop input demand and strong
livestock prices to support sales of Retail products and services.

Crop nutrient markets

•   Global potash shipments increased to approximately 74.5 million tonnes in 2025, primarily driven by strong demand in
Southeast Asia. We expect a fourth consecutive year of growth in 2026, with total global potash shipments ranging between 74 and 77 million tonnes. Demand is supported by the need to replenish soil nutrients following a record crop, favorable
relative affordability and low inventory levels in key markets such as China and Brazil. We anticipate relatively tight fundamentals throughout 2026, as trend line demand growth is testing existing global operating and supply chain capabilities.

•   Global nitrogen demand is expected to grow in line with historical rates, driven by increasing use in agricultural growth
markets such as Asia and Latin America. Global ammonia markets remain tight due to project delays and plant outages. Global urea markets have strengthened in the first quarter of 2026 due to strong seasonal demand from India, North America and
Brazil and geopolitical uncertainties impacting supply.

•   Global phosphate markets eased in the fourth quarter of 2025 due to lower demand related to weaker affordability relative
to potash and nitrogen. Phosphate markets have strengthened in the first quarter of 2026 due to Chinese export restrictions and elevated input costs.

32 Nutrien Annual Report 2025

Overview   MD&A   Five-year highlights   Financial statements and notes

2026 Guidance and sensitivities

2026 GUIDANCE

2026 Guidance ranges 1,2 as of
February 18, 2026
($ billions, except as otherwise noted)   Low   High   2025 Actual
Retail adjusted EBITDA   1.75   1.95   1.74
Potash sales volumes (million tonnes) 3   14.1   14.8   14.25
Nitrogen sales volumes (million tonnes) 3   9.2   9.7   10.89
Phosphate sales volumes (million tonnes) 3   2.4   2.6   2.36
Depreciation and amortization   2.4   2.5   2.4
Finance costs   0.65   0.75   0.7
Effective tax rate on adjusted net earnings
(%) 4   24.0   26.0   24.9
Capital
expenditures 5   2.0   2.1   2.0

1   Guidance provided in our news release dated February 18, 2026.

2   See the “Forward-looking statements” section.

3   Manufactured product only.

4   This is a non-GAAP financial measure. See the “Non-GAAP financial measures” section.

5   Comprised of sustaining capital expenditures, investing capital expenditures and mine development and pre-stripping
capital expenditures, which are supplementary financial measures. See the “Other financial measures” section.

2026 SENSITIVITIES

Effect on 1
($ millions, except EPS amounts)   Adjusted EBITDA   Adjusted EPS   4
$25 per tonne change in potash net selling prices   ± 280   ± 0.45
$25 per tonne change in ammonia net selling
prices 2   ± 35   ± 0.05
$25 per tonne change in urea and ESN ® net selling
prices   ± 65   ± 0.10
$25 per tonne change in solutions, nitrates and sulfates net selling prices   ± 135   ± 0.20
$1 per MMBtu change in NYMEX natural gas price 3   ± 180   ± 0.30

1   See the “Forward-looking statements” section.

2   Excludes Trinidad.

3   Nitrogen related impact.

4   Based on shares outstanding as at December 31, 2025.

Nutrien Annual Report 2025 33

Overview   MD&A   Five-year highlights   Financial statements and notes

Results

2025 RETAIL OPERATING SEGMENT AND RESULTS

Our Retail network of over 1,800 locations provides the reach and flexibility to reliably serve our grower customers. We offer a comprehensive portfolio
of value-added products, including crop nutrients, crop protection products, seed and merchandise, and provide services, including financing. Over 4,200 crop consultants support our customers with crop planning, seed selection, soil sampling,
variable-rate fertilizer application and crop monitoring.

We own and operate eight formulation facilities focused on manufacturing proprietary crop nutrient and crop
protection products. As a leading provider of crop nutritionals, including biostimulants, our portfolio includes approximately 1,700 innovative proprietary crop nutrient, crop protection and seed products. Our proprietary offering generates higher
margins for Nutrien and enhances crop production efficiency and profitability for farmers.

Retail adjusted EBITDA increased to $1.74 billion in 2025 due to lower
operating expenses from our cost savings initiatives, stronger proprietary products gross margin and disciplined execution of our Brazil margin-improvement plan. We continue to simplify our business and deliver earnings growth through proven organic
initiatives.

($ millions, except as otherwise noted)   2025   2024   % Change
Sales   17,620   17,832   (1   )
Cost of goods sold   13,017   13,211   (1   )
Gross margin   4,603   4,621   –
Adjusted EBITDA 1   1,736   1,696   2

1   See Note 3 to the consolidated financial statements.

Sales   Gross margin
($ millions)   2025   2024   2025   2024
Crop nutrients   7,285   7,211   1,424   1,444
Crop protection products   6,105   6,313   1,590   1,622
Seed   2,128   2,235   408   431
Services and other   944   918   750   716
Merchandise   875   897   148   150
Nutrien Financial   376   361   376   361
Nutrien Financial elimination 1   (93   )   (103   )   (93   )   (103   )
Total   17,620   17,832   4,603   4,621

1   Represents elimination of the interest and service fees charged by Nutrien Financial to Retail branches.

Supplemental data

Gross margin   % of product line 1
($ millions, except as otherwise noted)   2025   2024   2025   2024
Proprietary products
Crop nutrients   450   421   32   29
Crop protection products   503   470   32   29
Seed   137   154   34   36
Merchandise   14   15   9   10
Total   1,104   1,060   24   23

1   Represents percentage of proprietary product margins over total product line gross margin.

34
  Nutrien Annual Report
2025

Overview   MD&A   Five-year highlights   Financial statements and notes

Results

Sales volumes (tonnes – thousands)   Gross margin / tonne (dollars)
2025   2024   2025   2024
Crop nutrients
North America   8,502   8,547   143   142
International   3,358   3,715   61   62
Total   11,860   12,262   120   118

2025 versus 2024
Crop nutrients   Sales increased due to higher selling prices, and gross margin was impacted by product mix shifts in North America and reduced demand in the fourth quarter.
International crop nutrient sales volumes were lower mainly due to strategic actions in South America.
Crop protection products   Sales and gross margin were lower due to product mix shifts in North America and dry conditions in Australia, partially offset by higher proprietary products gross
margin.
Seed   Sales and gross margin were lower due to weather related impacts in the Southern US
leading to fewer planted acres, which impacted proprietary products gross margin.

Nutrien Annual Report
2025
35

Overview   MD&A   Five-year highlights   Financial statements and notes

Results

Selected financial performance measures

(percentages)   2025   2024
Retail adjusted EBITDA margin 1   9.9   9.5
Cash operating coverage ratio 2   62   63
Average working capital to sales 2   22   20
Average working capital to sales excluding Nutrien
Financial 2   1   –
Nutrien Financial adjusted net interest margin 2   5.4   5.3

1   This is a supplementary financial measure. See the “Other financial measures” section.

2   This is a non-GAAP financial measure. See the “Non-GAAP financial measures” section.

Nutrien Financial

We offer flexible financing solutions to our customers in support of Nutrien’s agricultural product and service sales. Qualifying Retail customers in the US and
Australia are offered extended payment terms, typically up to one year, to facilitate the alignment of farmer crop cycles with cash flows. Nutrien Financial revenues are primarily earned through interest from farmers.

We hold a significant portion of receivables from customers that have historically experienced a
low-default
 rate. We manage our
credit portfolio based on a combination of review of customer credit metrics, past experience with the customer and exposure to any single customer. Nutrien Financial, which is our wholly owned finance captive, monitors and services the portfolio of
our high-quality receivables from customers that have the lowest risk of default among Retail’s receivables from customers. We monitor the results of this portfolio of receivables separately because we calculate the cost of capital
attributable to the high-quality receivables from customers differently from our other receivables. Specifically, we assume a
debt-to-equity
 ratio of 9:1 in funding
Nutrien Financial receivables, based on the underlying credit quality of the assets.

Nutrien Financial relies on corporate capital for funding. For 2025, we
estimated the deemed interest expense using an average borrowing rate of 5.0 percent (2024 — 5.6 percent) applied to the notional debt required to fund the portfolio of receivables from customers monitored and serviced by Nutrien Financial.
The balance of our Retail receivables (outside of Nutrien Financial) is subject to marginally higher credit risk.

As at December 31
($ millions)   Current   <31 Days past due   31–90 Days past due   >90 Days past due   Gross receivables   Allowance 1   2025 Net receivables   2024 Net receivables
North America   1,831   260   110   181   2,382   (50   )   2,332   2,178
International   647   82   21   31   781   (7   )   774   699
Nutrien Financial receivables   2,478   342   131   212   3,163   (57   )   3,106   2,877

1   Bad debt expense on the above receivables for 2025 was $46 million (2024 – $55 million) in the Retail segment.

36
  Nutrien Annual Report
2025

Overview   MD&A   Five-year highlights   Financial statements and notes

Results

2025 POTASH OPERATING SEGMENT AND RESULTS

We operate six
low-cost
 potash mines in Saskatchewan, located within a world-class potash deposit and in a stable geopolitical
environment, which helps minimize supply risk for our customers. We produce multiple grades of potash and our flexible network provides the operational flexibility to optimize value.

Our extensive North American transportation and distribution network includes approximately 5,600 owned or leased railcars serviced by multiple railway providers. Through
Canpotex – our joint venture potash export, sales and marketing company – we have access to four primary North American marine terminals and other facilities as needed to export potash to customers in over 40 countries around the
world.

Potash adjusted EBITDA increased to $2.25 billion in 2025 due to higher net selling prices and record sales volumes, supported by strong potash affordability
and underlying consumption growth in key offshore markets, and partially offset by higher provincial mining taxes. We delivered a potash controllable cash cost of product manufactured
2
 per tonne
of $58. We mined 49 percent of our potash ore tonnes using automation, further strengthening our low-cost advantage.

($ millions, except as otherwise noted)   2025   2024   % Change
Net sales   3,593   2,989   20
Cost of goods sold   1,581   1,448   9
Gross margin   2,012   1,541   31
Adjusted EBITDA 1   2,254   1,848   22
Manufactured product
($ per tonne, except as otherwise noted)   2025   2024
Sales volumes (tonnes – thousands)
North America   4,638   4,672
Offshore   9,615   9,214
Total sales volumes   14,253   13,886
Net selling price
North America   286   285
Offshore   235   180
Average net selling price   252   215
Cost of goods sold   111   104
Gross margin   141   111
Depreciation and amortization   46   44
Gross margin excluding depreciation and
amortization 2   187   155

1   See Note 3 to the consolidated financial statements.

2   This is a non-GAAP financial measure. See the “Non-GAAP financial measures” section.

Nutrien Annual Report
2025
37

Overview   MD&A   Five-year highlights   Financial statements and notes

Results

Supplemental data

2025   2024
Potash controllable cash cost of product manufactured per tonne 1   58   54
Canpotex sales by market (percentage of sales
volumes) 2
Latin America   39   40
Other Asian markets 3   29   28
China   11   13
India   6   7
Other markets   15   12
Total   100   100

1   This is a non-GAAP financial measure. See the “Non-GAAP financial measures” section.

2   See Note 26 to the consolidated financial statements.

3   All Asian markets except China and India.

2025 versus 2024
Sales volumes   Higher offshore sales volumes were supported by strong potash affordability and underlying consumption growth in key offshore markets. North America sales volumes were
consistent with the prior year.
Net selling price per tonne   Increased due to higher global benchmark prices.
Cost of goods sold per tonne   Increased primarily due to higher royalties, maintenance costs and depreciation.

Potash production

Operational capability 2   Production
(million tonnes KCl)   Nameplate capacity 1   2026 3   2025   2025   2024
Rocanville   6.5   4.5   5.0   4.64   5.02
Allan   4.0   3.1   2.7   2.51   2.40
Lanigan   3.8   3.5   3.2   3.43   3.40
Vanscoy   3.0   1.1   1.1   1.08   1.03
Cory   3.0   2.2   2.1   2.09   2.11
Patience Lake   0.3   0.3   0.3   0.22   0.25
Total   20.6   14.7   14.4   13.97   14.21

1   Represents estimates of capacity as at December 31, 2025. Estimates based on capacity as per design specifications or
Canpotex entitlements once determined. In the case of Patience Lake, estimate reflects current operational capability. Estimates for all other mine facilities do not necessarily represent operational capability.

2   Estimated annual achievable production based on expected staffing and operational readiness (estimated at the beginning of
the year, and may vary during the year, and year to year, including between our mine facilities). Estimate does not include inventory-related shutdowns and unplanned downtime.

3   See the “Forward-Looking Statements” section.

38
  Nutrien Annual Report
2025

Overview   MD&A   Five-year highlights   Financial statements and notes

Results

2025 NITROGEN OPERATING SEGMENT AND RESULTS

We produce and upgrade nitrogen at 11 strategically located facilities in Canada and the US, in addition to our facility in Trinidad. Our North American operations,
which account for approximately 85 percent of our nitrogen sales volumes, have access to some of the lowest-cost natural gas in the world and are well positioned to serve agriculture and industrial markets.

We produce a diverse portfolio of nitrogen products and have flexibility to optimize product mix in changing market conditions. Our transportation and distribution
network leverages truck, rail, pipeline, barge and marine vessels. We utilize established CCUS infrastructure in Alberta and Louisiana to reduce GHG emissions. Over the last five years, we captured and sold an annual average of 1 million tonnes
of CO
2
, with approximately 40 percent permanently sequestered via enhanced oil recovery.

Nitrogen adjusted
EBITDA increased to $2.15 billion in 2025 due to higher net selling prices, partially offset by lower equity earnings from Profertil. Adjusted EBITDA for the full year of 2024 benefitted from insurance recoveries. Total ammonia production increased
in 2025, supported by a four-percentage-point improvement in ammonia operating rate (excludes Trinidad and Joffre) as we advanced reliability initiatives across our North American plants and completed low-cost debottlenecks at Redwater and Geismar.
In the fourth quarter of 2025, we completed a controlled shutdown of our Trinidad Nitrogen facility due to uncertainty with respect to port access and a lack of reliable and economic gas supply that has reduced the free cash flow contribution of the
Trinidad Nitrogen operations over an extended period of time.

($ millions, except as otherwise noted)   2025   2024   ¹   % Change
Net sales   4,187   3,576   17
Cost of goods sold   2,580   2,374   9
Gross margin   1,607   1,202   34
Adjusted
EBITDA 2   2,147   1,880   14
1  Comparative
figures have been reclassified for our Purchase for Resale business from Nitrogen to the Corporate and Others segment. See Note 3 to the consolidated financial statements. 2  See Note 3 to the consolidated financial statements.
Manufactured product
($ per tonne, except as otherwise noted)   2025   2024
Sales volumes (tonnes – thousands)
Ammonia   2,420   2,483
Urea and ESN ®   3,099   3,188
Solutions, nitrates and sulfates   5,369   5,023
Total sales volumes   10,888   10,694
Net selling price
Ammonia   422   410
Urea and ESN ®   490   421
Solutions, nitrates and sulfates   268   221
Average net selling price   365   324
Cost of goods sold   219   213
Gross margin   146   111
Depreciation and amortization   57   55
Gross margin excluding depreciation and
amortization 1   203   166
1  This is a non-GAAP financial measure. See the “Non-GAAP financial measures” section.

Supplemental data

2025   2024
Ammonia controllable cash cost of product manufactured per tonne 1   58   61
Sales volumes (tonnes – thousands)
Fertilizer   6,425   6,259
Industrial and feed   4,463   4,435
Ammonia operating rate 2 (%)   92   88
Natural gas costs ($ per MMBtu)
Overall natural gas cost excluding realized derivative impact   3.53   3.15
Realized derivative impact   –   0.09
Overall natural gas cost   3.53   3.24
1  This is a non-GAAP financial measure. See the “Non-GAAP financial measures” section. 2  Excludes Trinidad and Joffre.

Nutrien Annual Report
2025
39

Overview   MD&A   Five-year highlights   Financial statements and notes

Results

2025 versus 2024
Sales volumes   Increased due to higher production from reliability improvements and low-cost debottlenecks
that increased the availability of upgraded products.
Net selling price per tonne   Higher for all major nitrogen products due to stronger benchmark prices.
Cost of goods sold per tonne   Increased due to higher natural gas costs, mainly driven by Henry Hub benchmark.

Nitrogen production

Ammonia 1   Urea 2
(million tonnes, except as otherwise noted)   Annual capacity 3   Production   Annual capacity 3   Production
2025   2024   2025   2024
Trinidad 4   2.2   1.18   1.27   0.7   0.54   0.47
Redwater   1.0   0.73   0.86   0.7   0.53   0.70
Augusta   0.8   0.74   0.68   0.6   0.58   0.52
Lima   0.7   0.76   0.59   0.5   0.53   0.46
Geismar   0.6   0.61   0.58   0.4   0.43   0.38
Carseland   0.5   0.53   0.46   0.7   0.73   0.65
Fort Saskatchewan   0.5   0.47   0.44   0.4   0.42   0.40
Borger   0.5   0.29   0.35   0.6   0.38   0.42
Joffre   0.5   0.39   0.38   –   –   –
Total   7.3   5.71   5.61   4.6   4.14   4.00
Adjusted total 5   4.13   3.96

1   All figures are shown on a gross production basis.

2   Reflects capacity and production of urea liquor prior to final product upgrade. Urea liquor is used in the production of
solid urea, UAN and DEF.

3   Annual capacity estimates include allowances for normal operating plant conditions.

4   In 2024 and 2025, Trinidad production was restricted due to natural gas curtailments. On October 23, 2025, we completed a
controlled shutdown of our Trinidad facility due to uncertainty with respect to port access and a lack of reliable and economic gas supply.

5   Excludes Trinidad and Joffre.

40
  Nutrien Annual Report
2025

Overview   MD&A   Five-year highlights   Financial statements and notes

Results

2025 PHOSPHATE OPERATING SEGMENT AND RESULTS

Nutrien has two large integrated phosphate production facilities and four regional product upgrade sites in the US. Our high-quality phosphate rock
enables production of a diverse mix of phosphate products, including solid and liquid fertilizers, feed and industrial acids. We are the largest producer of purified phosphoric acid in North America and sell the majority of our product in this
market, benefiting from our extensive distribution network and customer relationships.

Phosphate adjusted EBITDA slightly decreased to $382 million in 2025 due to
higher sulfur input costs and lower sales volumes, partially offset by higher net selling prices. In the third quarter of 2025, we initiated a review of strategic alternatives for our Phosphate business, which could include reconfiguring operations,
strategic partnerships or a potential sale, and we intend to solidify the optimal path in 2026.

($ millions, except as otherwise noted)   2025   2024   % Change
Net sales   1,734   1,657   5
Cost of goods sold   1,590   1,510   5
Gross margin   144   147   (2   )
Adjusted EBITDA 1   382   384   (1   )

1   See Note 3 to the consolidated financial statements.

Manufactured product

($ per tonne, except as otherwise noted)   2025   2024
Sales volumes (tonnes – thousands)
Fertilizer   1,646   1,751
Industrial and feed   717   683
Total sales volumes   2,363   2,434
Net selling price
Fertilizer   677   612
Industrial and feed   835   822
Average net selling price   725   671
Cost of goods sold   657   603
Gross margin   68   68
Depreciation and amortization   121   119
Gross margin excluding depreciation and
amortization 1   189   187

1   This is a non-GAAP financial measure. See the “Non-GAAP financial measures” section.

2025 versus 2024
Sales volumes   Lower due to lower production volumes in the first quarter of 2025.
Net selling price   Increased due to the strength of fertilizer benchmark prices.
Cost of goods sold per tonne   Increased primarily due to higher sulfur input costs.

Nutrien Annual Report
2025
41

Overview   MD&A   Five-year highlights   Financial statements and notes

Results

Phosphate production

Phosphate rock   Phosphoric acid
(P 2 O 5 )   Liquid products   Solid fertilizer products
(million tonnes, except as otherwise noted)   Annual capacity   Production   Annual capacity   Production   Annual capacity   Production   Annual capacity   Production
2025   2024   2025   2024   2025   2024   2025   2024
Aurora   5.4   4.66   3.99   1.2   1.00   0.97   2.7   1   2.10   2.05   0.9   0.72   0.76
White Springs   2.0   1.39   1.19   0.5   0.36   0.36   0.7   2   0.31   0.29   0.8   0.29   0.31
Total   7.4   6.05   5.18   1.7   1.36   1.33   3.4   2.41   2.34   1.7   1.01   1.07
P 2 O 5 operating rate (%)   80   78

1   A substantial portion is consumed internally in the production of downstream products. The balance is exported to
phosphate fertilizer producers or sold domestically to dealers who custom-mix liquid fertilizer. Capacity is composed of 2.0 million tonnes MGA and 0.7 million tonnes SPA.

2   Represents annual SPA capacity. A substantial portion is consumed internally in the production of downstream products. The
balance is exported to phosphate fertilizer producers or sold domestically to dealers who custom-mix liquid fertilizer.

In addition to the production above, annual capacity for phosphate feed and purified acid was 0.7 and 0.3 million tonnes, respectively. Production in 2025 was 0.34 and
0.19 million tonnes, respectively, and 2024 production was 0.31 and 0.17 million tonnes, respectively.

42
  Nutrien Annual Report
2025

Overview   MD&A   Five-year highlights   Financial statements and notes

Results

2025 CORPORATE AND OTHERS AND ELIMINATIONS

“Corporate and Others” is a
non-operating
 segment comprising corporate and administrative functions that provide
support and governance to our operating segments. It also includes gross margin related to our
non-core
 businesses. Intersegment sales, costs of goods sold and expenses are removed from the consolidated
results in Eliminations. Intersegment activities include sale of product between our segments, primarily from Potash, Nitrogen and Phosphate to our Retail segment.

($ millions, except as otherwise noted)   2025   2024 1, 2   % Change
Corporate and Others
Gross margin 2   27   21   29
Adjusted EBITDA 2   (427   )   (452   )   (6   )
Eliminations
Gross margin   (46   )   (2   )   n/m
Adjusted EBITDA 2   (46   )   (1   )   n/m

1   Comparative figures have been reclassified for our Purchase for Resale business from Nitrogen to the Corporate and Others
segment.

2   See Note 3 to the consolidated financial statements.

FINANCE COSTS, INCOME TAXES AND OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS)

($ millions, except as otherwise noted)   2025   2024   % Change
Finance costs   687   720   (5   )
Income tax expense   752   436   72
Other comprehensive income (loss)   224   (234   )   n/m

2025 versus 2024
Finance costs   Weighted average debt balances and rates
($ millions, except as otherwise noted)   2025   2024
Short-term debt balance   3,170   3,328
Short-term debt rate (%)   5.3   6.1
North American short-term debt balance   2,800   2,679
North American short-term debt rate (%)   4.6   5.5
Long-term debt balance   10,025   9,629
Long-term debt rate (%)   5.0   5.0
Lease obligations balance   1,331   1,375
Lease obligations rate (%)   4.9   4.6
Income tax expense   Income tax increased mainly due to higher earnings. The decrease in the actual effective tax rate was mainly due to lower non-recognizable losses in South America compared to the same period in 2024. Refer to
Note 10 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information.
Effective tax rates and discrete items
($ millions, except as otherwise noted)   2025   2024
Actual effective tax rate on earnings (%)   24   40
Actual effective tax rate including discrete items (%)   25   38
Discrete tax adjustments that impacted the rate   27   (13   )
Other comprehensive income (loss)   Other comprehensive income increased mainly due to the appreciation of the Australian, Brazilian and Canadian currencies, relative to the US dollar, compared
to losses in 2024.

Nutrien Annual Report
2025
43

Overview   MD&A   Five-year highlights   Financial statements and notes

Results

FINANCIAL RESULTS

($ millions, except as otherwise noted)   2025   2024   2023
Sales   26,885   25,972   29,056
Net earnings   2,297   700   1,282
Basic net earnings per share (dollars)   4.66   1.36   2.53
Diluted net earnings per share (dollars)   4.66   1.36   2.53
Total assets   52,301   51,840   52,749
Total non-current financial liabilities   10,287   9,880   9,912
Dividends declared per share (dollars)   2.18   2.16   2.12

2025 versus 2024   2024 versus 2023
Sales   Sales increased primarily due to higher fertilizer net selling prices and record upstream sales volumes.   Sales decreased primarily due to lower fertilizer net selling prices, partially offset by record Potash sales volumes.
Net earnings and earnings per share   Net earnings and earnings per share increased primarily due to higher sales (see above),
and higher Retail earnings. These were partially offset by higher provincial mining taxes, as well as higher costs for royalties, maintenance, depreciation, natural gas and sulfur. Net earnings in 2025 were positively impacted by the gain on sale of investment related to the
disposal of our 50 percent equity ownership in Profertil.   Net earnings and earnings per share decreased primarily due to lower sales (see above),
partially offset by lower operational expenses due to lower input costs such as cost to purchase inventories, natural gas, royalties and provincial mining taxes. Net earnings in 2024 were also impacted by a $220 million loss on foreign currency derivatives in Brazil. Our impairment of assets was lower in 2024. We recorded $530 million non-cash impairments of our Retail – Brazil and Nitrogen Geismar Clean Ammonia project assets in 2024 compared to non-cash impairment of $774 million of Retail,
Phosphate and Nitrogen assets recorded in 2023.
Assets and non-current financial liabilities   Total assets increased in 2025 compared to 2024 primarily due to higher working capital
assets, resulting from increased net selling prices and higher inventory balances for Retail, Nitrogen and Phosphate. See the Financial Condition section for further details. Non-current financial liabilities increased due to the higher long-term debt balance from the issuance of new senior notes,
partially offset by the repayment of senior notes upon maturity in 2025, as well as an increase in deferred income tax liabilities.   Total assets decreased in 2024 compared to 2023 primarily due to the non-cash impairments discussed above, as well as from lower working capital assets from reduced net selling prices and lower cost of inventories. Non-current financial liabilities increased due to the
higher long-term debt balance from the issuance of new senior notes, partially offset by the repayment of senior notes upon maturity in 2024.
Dividends declared per share   Dividends declared per share increased as we declared a higher quarterly dividend per share of $0.545 in 2025 compared to $0.54 in 2024.   Dividends declared per share increased as we declared a higher quarterly dividend per share of $0.54 in 2024 compared to $0.53 in 2023.

44
  Nutrien Annual Report
2025

Overview   MD&A   Five-year highlights   Financial statements and notes

Results

FINANCIAL CONDITION

As at
($ millions, except as otherwise noted)   December 31, 2025   December 31, 2024   $ Change   % Change
Assets
Cash and cash equivalents   701   853   (152   )   (18   )
Receivables   5,675   5,390   285   5
Inventories   6,977   6,148   829   13
Property, plant and equipment   22,747   22,604   143   1
Investments   144   698   (554   )   (79   )
Liabilities and Shareholders’ Equity
Short-term debt   873   1,534   (661   )   (43   )
Trade, other payables and accrued liabilities   9,309   9,118   191   2
Long-term debt, including current portion   9,863   9,918   (55   )   (1   )
Share capital   13,519   13,748   (229   )   (2   )
Retained earnings   12,076   11,106   970   9

Assets   Liabilities
Explanations for changes in Cash and cash equivalents are in the “Liquidity and
Capital Resources – Sources and uses of cash” section. Receivables increased due to
higher Potash and Phosphate net selling prices, higher receivables in Australia due to the appreciation of foreign exchange rates relative to the US dollar, and greater usage of payment terms from our Retail customers. The increases were partially
offset by lower income tax receivable. Inventories increased in Retail due to higher crop
nutrients input costs from global supply constraints and earlier seasonal purchases, as well as higher crop protection volumes to support anticipated 2026 demand. Nitrogen and Phosphate also saw increases due to higher volumes and higher natural gas
and sulfur costs. Property, plant and equipment increased due to capital expenditures
increasing more than offsetting depreciation and disposals. Investments decreased due to the
sale of our remaining investment in Sinofert and the sale of our investment in Profertil in 2025.   Short-term debt decreased due to lower draws on our commercial paper and repayment of
credit facilities with funds from the sale of investments. Trade, other payables and accrued
liabilities increased due to Retail purchases through supplier financing in North America and timing of payments. These increases were partially offset by lower customer prepayments in North America. Long-term debt, including the current portion, decreased due to the repayment of
$1,000 million senior notes in 2025, as well as repayments of other long-term debt, partially offset by the issuance of $1,000 million senior notes during the first quarter of 2025. Shareholders’ equity Share capital decreased primarily from shares repurchased under our normal course issuer bid program. Retained earnings increased as net earnings exceeded dividends declared and share repurchases in
2025.

We do not hold material cash and cash equivalents in currencies other than the US dollar and Canadian dollar. As at December 31,
2025, we held the equivalent of approximately $273 million in other jurisdictions outside the US and Canada. We do not depend on repatriation of cash from our foreign subsidiaries to meet our liquidity and capital resource needs in North
America.

Nutrien Annual Report
2025
45

Overview   MD&A   Five-year highlights   Financial statements and notes

Results

LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES

Sources and uses of liquidity

Liquidity risk arises from our general funding
needs and in the management of our assets, liabilities and capital structure. We manage liquidity risk to maintain sufficient liquid financial resources to fund our financial position and meet our commitments and obligations in a cost-effective
manner. Our primary sources of liquidity in 2025 and our expected ongoing primary uses of liquidity are listed below:

Primary uses of liquidity   Primary sources of liquidity
– seasonal working capital
requirements – operational expenses – capital expenditures to sustain our
assets to support safe and reliable operations – high-value growth
opportunities – shareholder returns through dividends and/or share
repurchases – principal payments of debt securities   – cash from operations (including customer
prepayments) – commercial paper issuances – increase of credit facility limits and
drawdowns – debt capital markets – supplier financing
arrangements

We believe that our internally generated cash flow, supplemented by available borrowings under new or existing financing sources, if
necessary, will be sufficient to meet our anticipated capital expenditures, planned growth and development activities, and other cash requirements for the foreseeable future. We do not reasonably expect any presently known trend or uncertainty to
affect our ability to access our historical sources of liquidity.

Cash requirements

The following aggregated information about our contractual obligations and other commitments summarizes our liquidity and capital resource requirements as at
December 31, 2025. Commitments reflect the estimated cash outflows for these obligations.

Consolidated financial statements note reference   Payments due by period
($ millions)   Total   Within 1 year   1 to 3 years   3 to 5 years   Over 5 years
Long-term debt   19, 24   9,685   513   1,670   1,250   6,252
Estimated interest payments on long-term debt   24   5,792   482   833   699   3,778
Asset retirement obligations and accrued environmental costs   22   3,587   194   235   173   2,985
Lease liabilities   20, 24   1,283   346   408   203   326
Estimated interest payments on lease liabilities   24   214   49   61   36   68
Purchase commitments   24   1,278   1,230   24   24   –
Capital commitments   24   83   63   20   –   –
Other commitments   24   751   195   259   109   188
Derivatives   5   8   8   –   –   –
Total   22,681   3,080   3,510   2,494   13,597

The information presented in the table above does not include planned cash outflows unless they are legally committed for capital
expenditures, business acquisitions or shareholder returns, including share repurchases and dividends. In addition to the commitments included above, we have other obligations for goods and services as part of our normal operations, which may
terminate on short notice, including purchase commitments for crop input products.

For information on pension and other post-retirement benefits funding, refer to
Note 21 to the consolidated financial statements. Future cash requirements are subject to changes in regulations, actuarial assumptions and our expected operating results.

On February 18, 2026, our Board approved a share repurchase program of up to a maximum of 24,057,066 common shares, representing 5 percent of Nutrien’s
outstanding common shares. The 2026 normal course issuer bid will commence on March 3, 2026. The share repurchase program will expire on the earlier of March 2, 2027, the date on which we have acquired the maximum number of common shares allowable
or the date we determine not to make any further repurchases.

On February 18, 2026, our Board of Directors declared and increased our quarterly dividend to
$0.55 per share payable on April 16, 2026, to shareholders of record on March 31, 2026. The total estimated dividend to be paid is $265 million.

46
  Nutrien Annual Report
2025

Overview   MD&A   Five-year highlights   Financial statements and notes

Results

Sources and uses of cash

Cash provided by operating activities   – Cash provided by operating activities
increased due to stronger Potash and Nitrogen selling prices and an increase in the North American supplier financing program.
Cash used in investing activities   – Cash used in investing activities
decreased due to the proceeds received on the sale of investments in Profertil and Sinofert and lower capital expenditures.
Cash used in financing activities   – Cash used in financing activities
increased due to higher repayment of debt and share repurchases.

Nutrien Annual Report
2025
47

Overview   MD&A   Five-year highlights   Financial statements and notes

Results

CAPITAL STRUCTURE AND MANAGEMENT

We manage our capital structure with a focus on maintaining a strong balance sheet, enabling a strong investment-grade credit rating.

Principal debt instruments

As part of the normal course of business, we
closely monitor our liquidity position. We use a combination of cash generated from operations and short-term and long-term debt to finance our operations. We continually evaluate various financing arrangements and may seek to engage in transactions
from time to time when market and other conditions are favorable.

Capital structure (debt and equity)

($ millions)   December 31, 2025   December 31, 2024
Short-term debt   873   1,534
Current portion of long-term debt   513   1,037
Current portion of lease liabilities   346   356
Long-term debt   9,350   8,881
Lease liabilities   937   999
Shareholders’ equity   25,365   24,442

Senior Notes and Debentures

As at December 31, 2025, our long-term debt consisted primarily of senior notes and debentures with the following maturities and interest rates:

($ millions, except as otherwise noted)   Rate of interest (%)   Maturity   Amount
Senior notes repaid in 2025   3.000   April 1, 2025   500
Senior notes repaid in 2025   5.950   November 7, 2025   500
1,000
Senior notes issued in 2025   4.500   March 12, 2027   400
Senior notes issued in 2025   5.250   March 12, 2032   600
1,000

The senior notes issued in 2025 are unsecured, rank equally with our existing unsecured debt, and have no sinking fund requirements prior
to maturity. Each series is redeemable and has various provisions for redemption prior to maturity, at our option, at specified prices.

48
  Nutrien Annual Report
2025

Overview   MD&A   Five-year highlights   Financial statements and notes

Results

Credit facilities and other debt

We have several available credit facilities in the jurisdictions where we operate. We have a commercial paper program, which is limited to the undrawn amount under our
$4,500 million unsecured revolving term credit facility. In 2025, our total facility limit decreased $250 million from a reduction in our unsecured committed revolving term facility. As at December 31, 2025, we had a $399 million
outstanding balance in commercial paper. Any excess cash is invested in highly liquid securities.

As at December 31, 2025, $234 million in letters of
credit were outstanding and committed, with $250 million of remaining credit available under our dedicated letter of credit facilities.

Lease obligations

We have lease obligations totaling $1,283 million (including current portion) with a weighted average effective interest rate of 4.9 percent as at
December 31, 2025.

Debt covenants

Our credit facilities have
financial tests and other covenants with which we must comply at each
quarter-end.

Non-compliance
 with any such covenants could result in accelerated payment of amounts
borrowed and termination of lenders’ further funding obligations under the credit facilities. We were in compliance with all covenants as at December 31, 2025.

The table below summarizes the limit and result of our key financial covenant:

As at December 31   Limit   2025
Debt to capital ratio 1   0.65 : 1.00   0.32 : 1.00

1   Refer to Note 4 to the consolidated financial statements for the detailed calculation.

Credit ratings

Our ability to access reasonably priced debt in the capital
markets depends, in part, on the quality of our credit ratings. We continue to maintain investment-grade credit ratings for our long-term debt. A downgrade of the credit rating of our long-term debt could increase the interest rates applicable to
borrowings under our credit facilities.

Commercial paper markets are generally a source of
same-day
 cash. Our access to the
US commercial paper market primarily depends on maintaining our current short-term credit ratings as well as general conditions in the money markets.

Long-term debt rating (outlook)   Short-term debt rating
As at December 31   2025   2024   2025   2024
Moody’s   Baa2 (stable   )   Baa2 (stable   )   P-2   P-2
S&P   BBB (stable   )   BBB (stable   )   A-2   A-2

A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities. The ratings may be subject to revision or withdrawal at any time
by the respective credit rating agency and each rating should be evaluated independently of any other rating.

Moody’s stable outlook on Nutrien’s credit
rating means that there is a low likelihood of a rating change over the medium term. S&P’s stable outlook on Nutrien’s credit rating means that the rating is not likely to change (generally up to two years).

Nutrien Annual Report
2025
49

Overview   MD&A   Five-year highlights   Financial statements and notes

Results

Outstanding share data

As at February 17, 2026
Common shares   481,141,322
Options to purchase common shares   2,221,163

For more information on our capital structure and management, see Note 4 to the consolidated financial statements.

QUARTERLY RESULTS

2025   2024
($ millions, except as otherwise noted)   Q4   Q3   Q2   Q1   Q4   Q3   Q2   Q1
Sales   5,340   6,007   10,438   5,100   5,079   5,348   10,156   5,389
Net earnings   580   469   1,229   19   118   25   392   165
Net earnings attributable to equity holders of Nutrien   571   464   1,221   11   113   18   385   158
Net earnings per share attributable to equity holders of Nutrien
Basic   1.18   0.96   2.51   0.02   0.23   0.04   0.78   0.32
Diluted   1.18   0.96   2.50   0.02   0.23   0.04   0.78   0.32

Our quarterly earnings are significantly affected by the seasonality of our business, fertilizer benchmark prices, as well as by
demand-supply conditions, farmer affordability and weather. See Note 28 to the consolidated financial statements.

Other material transactions or events that impacted
our quarterly results included:

Quarter   Transaction or event
2024 Q2   $530 million non-cash impairment of assets comprised of a $335 million non-cash impairment of the
Retail – Brazil intangible assets and property plant and equipment due to the ongoing market instability and more moderate margin expectations, and a $195 million non-cash impairment of our Nitrogen
Geismar Clean Ammonia project property, plant and equipment as we decided to no longer pursue the project. Net earnings were also impacted by a $220 million loss on foreign currency derivatives in Brazil.

50
  Nutrien Annual Report
2025

Overview   MD&A   Five-year highlights   Financial statements and notes

Results

FOURTH QUARTER RESULTS

($ millions, except as otherwise noted) Three months ended December 31   Sales   Gross margin
2025   2024   2025   2024
Retail
Crop nutrients   1,512   1,528   288   294
Crop protection products   931   948   324   351
Seed   162   184   48   52
Services and other   254   228   219   188
Merchandise   226   230   39   40
Nutrien Financial   82   77   82   77
Nutrien Financial elimination 1   (23   )   (16   )   (23   )   (16   )
Total   3,144   3,179   977   986

1   Represents elimination for the interest and service fees charged by Nutrien Financial to Retail branches.

Manufactured Product

(Dollars, except as otherwise noted) Three months ended December 31   Sales volumes (tonnes – thousands)   Average dollars per tonne
2025   2024   2025   2024
Potash
North America   726   718   305   270
Offshore   2,077   2,040   247   168
Sales   2,803   2,758   262   194
Cost of goods sold   115   112
Gross margin   147   82
Nitrogen
Ammonia   546   701   470   448
Urea and ESN ®   656   888   505   403
Solutions, nitrates and sulfates   1,373   1,325   272   213
Sales   2,575   2,914   373   327
Cost of goods sold   214   221
Gross margin   159   106
Phosphate
Fertilizer   468   435   677   615
Industrial and feed   186   173   875   812
Sales   654   608   733   671
Cost of goods sold   646   631
Gross margin   87   40
($ millions, except as otherwise noted) Three months ended December 31   2025   2024
Adjusted EBITDA
Retail   311   340
Potash   445   291
Nitrogen   521   471
Phosphate   107   86
Corporate and others   (133   )   (160   )
Eliminations   26   27
Adjusted EBITDA 1   1,277   1,055
Net earnings   580   118

1   This is a non-GAAP financial measure. See the “Non-GAAP financial measures” section.

Nutrien Annual Report
2025
51

Overview   MD&A   Five-year highlights   Financial statements and notes

Results

Highlights of our 2025 fourth quarter compared to the 2024 fourth quarter results were as follows:

Q4 2025 versus Q4 2024
Retail   Retail adjusted EBITDA decreased as prior period benefited from income items,
most notably $25 million gain on sale of land in Argentina. Crop nutrients sales
and gross margin decreased due to lower sales volumes from a weather-shortened fall application window in the US and reduced demand for phosphate, partially offset by higher proprietary products gross margin. International crop nutrient sales
volumes were lower mainly due to strategic actions in South America. Crop protection
products sales and gross margin were lower due to product mix shifts in North America and dry conditions in Australia, partially offset by higher proprietary products gross margin. Seed sales and gross margin were lower due to weather related impacts in the Southern US
leading to fewer planted acres which impacted proprietary products gross margin.
Potash   Potash adjusted EBITDA increased due to higher net selling prices and higher
sales volumes, partially offset by higher provincial mining taxes. Sales volumes were
higher due to higher offshore sales volumes supported by strong potash affordability and underlying consumption growth in key offshore markets. North America sales volumes were consistent with the prior year. Net selling price per tonne increased due to higher global benchmark prices. Cost of goods sold per tonne increased primarily due to higher royalties and maintenance
costs.
Nitrogen   Nitrogen adjusted EBITDA increased due to higher net selling prices, partially
offset by lower equity earnings from Profertil. Sales volumes decreased due to the
previously announced controlled shutdown of our Trinidad facility on October 23, 2025 and planned turnarounds at our North American operations. Net selling price per tonne was higher for all major nitrogen products due to stronger benchmark prices. Cost of goods sold per tonne decreased due to a higher percentage of sales coming from our
low-cost North American nitrogen plants.
Phosphate   Phosphate adjusted EBITDA increased due to higher net selling prices and sales
volumes, partially offset by higher sulfur input costs. Sales volumes were higher due to
higher production from reliability improvements and weather-related events that impacted the fourth quarter of 2024 production volumes, partially offset by reduced demand for phosphate. Net selling price per tonne increased due to the strength of fertilizer benchmark
prices. Cost of goods sold per tonne increased primarily due to higher sulfur input
costs.
Other fourth quarter financial highlights   Share-based compensation expense was higher in the fourth quarter and full year
of 2025 due to an increase in the fair value of our share-based awards. The fair value of our share-based awards takes into consideration several factors, such as our share price movement, our performance relative to our peer group and our return on
invested capital. Gain on sale of investment was higher due to the sale of our
50 percent equity ownership in Profertil. Income tax increased mainly due to higher
earnings. The decrease in the actual effective tax rate is mainly due to the tax impact of the gain on sale of investment in Profertil.

52
  Nutrien Annual Report
2025

Overview   MD&A   Five-year highlights   Financial statements and notes

Results

CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES

Disclosure controls and procedures

We maintain disclosure controls and
procedures designed to provide reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed by Nutrien in its annual filings, interim filings (as these terms are defined in National Instrument
52-109
 –

Certification of Disclosure in Issuers’ Annual and Interim Filings
 (“NI
52-109”)),
 and other reports filed or submitted by us under securities legislation is recorded, processed,
summarized and reported within the required time periods. Our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, after evaluating the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by the annual
filings, being December 31, 2025, have concluded that, as of such date, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective in providing reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed by Nutrien in its annual filings, interim
filings, or other reports filed or submitted by it under securities legislation is (a) recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the securities legislation, and (b) accumulated and communicated to
management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.

There are
inherent limitations to the effectiveness of any system of disclosure controls and procedures, including the possibility of human error and the circumvention or overriding of the controls and procedures. Accordingly, effective disclosure controls
and procedures can only provide reasonable assurance of achieving their control objectives.

Internal control over financial reporting

Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting (“ICFR”), as defined in Rules
13a-15(f)
 and
15d-15(f)
 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and NI
52-109.
 ICFR is designed to provide reasonable
assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and preparation of consolidated financial statements for external purposes in accordance with IFRS. Any system of ICFR, no matter how well designed, has inherent limitations. Therefore, even
those systems determined to be effective can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation and presentation. The Board of Directors, through its Audit Committee, oversees management’s responsibilities for
financial reporting and internal controls.

Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief
Financial Officer, we have designed ICFR based on the framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission in Internal Control – Integrated Framework (2013) and conducted an evaluation of the design and
effectiveness of our ICFR as of the end of the fiscal year ended December 31, 2025. Based on this evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that, as at December 31, 2025, Nutrien maintained effective
internal control over financial reporting. There have been no changes during the year ended December 31, 2025 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting.

The effectiveness of the Company’s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2025 has been audited by KPMG LLP, as reflected in their Report
of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm for 2025, which is included in this 2025 Annual Report.

Nutrien Annual Report
2025
53

Overview   MD&A   Five-year highlights   Financial statements and notes

Results

FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS

Certain statements and other information included in this document, including within the “2026 Guidance” section and the “Market outlook”
sections for each segment, constitute “forward-looking information” or “forward-looking statements” (collectively, “forward-looking statements”) under applicable securities laws (such statements are often
accompanied by words such as “anticipate”, “forecast”, “expect”, “believe”, “may”, “will”, “should”, “estimate”, “project”,
“intend” or other similar words). All statements in this document, other than those relating to historical information or current conditions, are forward-looking statements, including, but not limited to: Nutrien’s business
strategies, plans, prospects and opportunities; Nutrien’s 2026 annual guidance, including expectations regarding our Retail adjusted EBITDA, Potash sales volumes, Nitrogen sales volumes, Phosphate sales volumes, depreciation and amortization,
finance costs, effective tax rate on adjusted earnings and capital expenditures; our 2026 adjusted EBITDA and adjusted earnings per share sensitivity analysis; our belief that Nutrien’s production assets are positioned to generate significant
cash flow and the resulting benefits thereof; expectations regarding Nutrien’s 2026 targets, including with respect to Retail adjusted EBITDA, Potash sales volumes, Nitrogen sales volumes, annual consolidated cost savings, Potash ore tonnes
mined using automation, Ammonia operating rate, Phosphate operating rate and supply chain optimization and efficiency
run-rate
 value; Nutrien’s market outlook for 2026 and the projections and
expectations related thereto; expectations regarding our capital allocation strategies, including with respect to uses of cash that prioritize safe and reliable operations, maintaining a strong and flexible balance sheet, leveraging existing assets,
and returning capital to shareholders through share repurchases and dividends and investment in high-value opportunities to generate significant long-term returns; our ability to advance strategic priorities and high value growth investments; our
expectations regarding our priorities for 2026, including safety, growing free cash flow, maintaining ratable share repurchases, completing strategic reviews and optimizing our existing portfolio; expectations regarding our ability to generate cash
flow and return capital to our shareholders, including our expectations regarding share repurchases and stable and growing dividends; expectations that internally generated cash flow, as supplemented by new and existing financing sources, will be
sufficient to meet our anticipated future cash requirements; expectations regarding performance of our operating segments in 2026; our operating segment market outlooks and our expectations for market conditions, fundamentals and trends in 2026 and
beyond, including agriculture and crop nutrient markets and global energy supply, the anticipated supply and demand for our products and services, expected market, industry and growing conditions with respect to crop nutrient application rates,
planted acres, farmer crop investment, crop mix, including the need to replenish soil nutrient levels, production volumes and expenses, shipments, natural gas costs and availability, consumption, prices, operating rates, the impact of seasonality,
import and export volumes, tariffs, trade or export restrictions, economic sanctions and restrictions, operating rates, inventories, crop development, natural gas curtailments in Trinidad and elsewhere, and global population growth expectations; our
review of strategic alternatives for our Phosphate business, including potential outcomes such as reconfiguring operations, strategic partnerships, a potential sale of all or part of the business and the possibility that no transaction or change
occurs; expectations concerning future product offerings; the negotiation of sales and other contracts, including the expiry of existing contracts; acquisitions and divestitures and the anticipated benefits thereof; and expectations in connection
with our ability to deliver long-term returns to shareholders.

These forward-looking statements are subject to a number of assumptions, risks and uncertainties, many
of which are beyond our control, which could cause actual results to differ materially from such forward-looking statements. As such, undue reliance should not be placed on these forward-looking statements.

All of the forward-looking statements are qualified by the assumptions that are stated or inherent in such forward-looking statements, including the assumptions referred
to below and elsewhere in this document. Although we believe that these assumptions are reasonable, having regard to our experience and our perception of historical trends, the assumptions set forth below are not exhaustive of the factors that may
affect any of the forward-looking statements and the reader should not place undue reliance on these assumptions and such forward-looking statements. Current conditions, economic and otherwise, render assumptions, although reasonable when made,
subject to greater uncertainty.

Key assumptions that have been made in relation to the operation of our business as currently planned and our ability to achieve our
business objectives include, among other things, assumptions and expectations regarding our strategic priorities and targets in 2026 and beyond, and our ability to achieve them; our ability to successfully complete, integrate and realize the
anticipated benefits of our already completed and future acquisitions and divestitures, and that we will be able to implement our standards, controls, procedures and policies in respect of any acquired businesses and realize the expected synergies
on the anticipated timeline or at all; that future business, regulatory and industry conditions will be within the parameters expected by us, including with respect to prices, expenses, margins, demand, supply, product availability, shipments,
consumption, weather conditions, supplier agreements, product distribution agreements, availability, inventory levels, exports, tariffs, including general or retaliatory tariffs, trade restrictions, international trade arrangements, crop development
and cost of labor and interest, exchange and effective tax rates; assumptions with respect to global economic conditions and the accuracy of our market outlook expectations for 2025 and in the future; assumptions with respect to our ability to
successfully implement our business strategies, growth and capital allocation investments and initiatives; that we will conduct

54
  Nutrien Annual Report
2025

Overview   MD&A   Five-year highlights   Financial statements and notes

Results

our operations and achieve results of operations as anticipated; assumptions related to our
assessment of recoverable amount estimates of our assets, including in relation to asset and goodwill impairments of certain of our cash generating units; potash demand growth in offshore markets and normalization of Canpotex port operations; our
intention to complete share repurchases under our normal course issuer bid programs, including TSX approval, the funding of such share repurchases, existing and future market conditions, including with respect to the price of our common shares,
capital allocation priorities, and compliance with respect to applicable limitations under securities laws and regulations and stock exchange policies; assumptions related to our ability to fund our dividends at the current level and at increased
levels in the future; our expectations regarding the impacts, direct and indirect, of certain geopolitical conflicts on, among other things, global supply and demand, including for crop nutrients, energy and commodity prices, global interest rates,
supply chains and the global macroeconomic environment, including inflation; the adequacy of our cash generated from operations and our ability to access our credit facilities or capital markets for additional sources of financing; our ability to
identify suitable candidates for acquisitions and divestitures and negotiate acceptable terms; availability of investment opportunities that align with our strategic priorities and growth strategy; our ability to maintain investment grade ratings
and achieve our performance targets; our ability to successfully negotiate sales and other contracts; and our ability to successfully implement new initiatives and programs. In respect of our 2026 Potash sales volume target, we have made assumptions
with respect to, among other things: market conditions, fertilizer and commodity prices, supply and demand, capital availability, logistics, our ability to maintain market share and that potash operations will operate within expectations. In respect
of 2026 nitrogen sales volume target, we have made assumptions with respect to, among other things: market conditions, fertilizer and commodity prices, supply and demand, capital availability, natural gas availability, timely execution of expansion
projects and reliability.

Events or circumstances could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements. With respect to our
business generally and our ability to meet other targets, commitments, goals, strategies and related milestones and schedules disclosed in this document, such events or circumstances include, but are not limited to: failure to achieve an optimal
outcome of our strategic review process for our Phosphate business; general global economic, market and business conditions; failure to achieve expected results of our business strategy, capital allocation initiatives or results of operations or
targets, expected capital expenditures in 2026, delivering upstream fertilizer sales volume growth and advancing high return downstream Retail growth opportunities; failure to complete announced and future acquisitions or divestitures at all or on
the expected terms and within the expected timeline; seasonality; climate change and weather conditions, and impacts from regional flooding and/or drought conditions; crop planted acreage, yield and prices; the supply and demand and price levels for
our products; governmental and regulatory requirements and actions by governmental authorities, including changes in government policy (including in respect of tariffs, trade restrictions and climate change initiatives) and government ownership
requirements; the potential that Nutrien may become subject to new laws or regulations that impose new requirements or require new or additional permits or approvals, and the associated effects thereof, and changes in environmental, tax, antitrust,
and other laws or regulations and the interpretation thereof; trade restrictions, including the imposition of any tariffs, or other changes to international trade arrangements; the effects of current and future international trade agreements or
other developments affecting the level of global trade; political or military risks, including civil unrest, actions by armed groups or conflict and malicious acts including terrorism and industrial espionage; our ability to access sufficient,
cost-effective and timely transportation, distribution and storage of products (including potential rail transportation and port disruptions due to labor strikes and/or work stoppages or other similar actions); the occurrence of a major
environmental or safety incident or becoming subject to legal or regulatory proceedings; innovation and cybersecurity risks related to our systems, including our costs of addressing or mitigating such risks; counterparty and sovereign risk; delays
in completion of turnarounds at our major facilities or challenges related to our major facilities that are out of our control; interruptions of or constraints in availability of key inputs, including natural gas and sulfur; any significant
impairment of the carrying amount of certain assets; the risk that rising interest rates and/or deteriorated business operating results may result in the further impairment of assets or goodwill attributed to certain cash generating units; risks
related to reputational loss; certain complications that may arise in our mining processes; the ability to attract, engage and retain skilled employees and strikes or other forms of work stoppages; geopolitical conflicts, and their potential impact
on, among other things, global market conditions and supply and demand, including for crop nutrients, energy and commodity prices, interest rates, supply chains and the global economy generally; our ability to execute on our strategies related to
environmental, social and governance matters, and achieve related expectations, targets and commitments, including risks associated with disclosure thereof; and other risk factors detailed from time to time in Nutrien reports filed with the Canadian
securities regulators and the SEC in the US.

The purpose of our 2026 Retail adjusted EBITDA, depreciation and amortization, finance costs, effective tax rate on
adjusted earnings and capital expenditures guidance ranges are to assist readers in understanding our expected and targeted financial results, and this information may not be appropriate for other purposes.

The forward-looking statements in this document are made as of the date hereof and Nutrien disclaims any intention or obligation to update or revise any forward-looking
statements in this document as a result of new information or future events, except as may be required under applicable Canadian securities legislation or applicable US federal securities laws. Any forward-looking statements contained herein are
expressly qualified by this cautionary statement.

Nutrien Annual Report
2025
55

Overview   MD&A   Five-year highlights   Financial statements and notes

Appendices

APPENDICES

Non-GAAP
 financial measures

We use both IFRS measures and certain
non-GAAP
 financial measures to assess performance.

Non-GAAP
 financial measures are financial measures disclosed by the Company that: (a) depict historical or expected future financial performance, financial position or cash flow of the Company;
(b) with respect to their composition, exclude amounts that are included in, or include amounts that are excluded from, the composition of the most directly comparable financial measure disclosed in the primary financial statements of the
Company; (c) are not disclosed in the financial statements of the Company; and (d) are not a ratio, fraction, percentage or similar representation.
Non-GAAP
 ratios are financial measures disclosed by
the Company that are in the form of a ratio, fraction, percentage or similar representation that has a
non-GAAP
 financial measure as one or more of its components, and that are not disclosed in the financial
statements of the Company.

These
non-GAAP
 financial measures and
non-GAAP
 ratios are
not standardized financial measures under IFRS and, therefore, are unlikely to be comparable to similar financial measures presented by other companies. Management believes these
non-GAAP
 financial measures
and
non-GAAP
 ratios provide transparent and useful supplemental information to help investors evaluate our financial performance, financial condition and liquidity using the same measures as management. These
non-GAAP
 financial measures and
non-GAAP
 ratios should not be considered as a substitute for, or superior to, measures of financial performance prepared in accordance with
IFRS.

The following section outlines our
non-GAAP
 financial measures and
non-GAAP

ratios, their compositions, and why management uses each measure. It also includes reconciliations to the most directly comparable IFRS measures. Except as otherwise described herein, our
non-GAAP
 financial
measures and
non-GAAP
 ratios are calculated on a consistent basis from period to period and are adjusted for specific items in each period, as applicable. As additional

non-recurring
 or unusual items arise in the future, we generally exclude these items in our calculations.

Adjusted
EBITDA (consolidated)

Most directly comparable IFRS financial measure:
 Net earnings (loss).

Definition:
 Adjusted EBITDA is calculated as net earnings (loss) before finance costs, income taxes, depreciation and amortization, share-based compensation and
certain foreign exchange gain/loss (net of related derivatives). We also adjust this measure for the following other income and expenses that are excluded when management evaluates the performance of our
day-to-day
 operations: integration and restructuring related costs, impairment or reversal of impairment of assets, gain or loss on disposal of certain businesses and investments, asset retirement obligations
(“ARO”) and accrued environmental costs (“ERL”) related to our
non-operating
 sites, and loss related to financial instruments in Argentina.

Why we use the measure and why it is useful to investors:
 It is not impacted by long-term investment and financing decisions, but rather focuses on the performance
of our
day-to-day
 operations. It provides a measure of our ability to service debt and to meet other payment obligations and as a component of employee remuneration
calculations.

($ millions)   2025   2024
Net earnings   2,297   700
Finance costs   687   720
Income tax expense   752   436
Depreciation and amortization   2,369   2,339
EBITDA 1   6,105   4,195
Adjustments:
Share-based compensation expense   163   37
Foreign exchange loss, net of related derivatives   9   360
ARO/ERL related expenses for non-operating sites   2   151
Loss related to financial instruments in Argentina   –   35
Restructuring costs   68   47
Impairment of assets   –   530
Gain on sale of investment in Profertil   (301   )   –
Adjusted EBITDA   6,046   5,355

1   EBITDA is calculated as net earnings before finance costs, income taxes, and depreciation and amortization.

56
  Nutrien Annual Report
2025

Overview   MD&A   Five-year highlights   Financial statements and notes

Appendices

Adjusted net earnings and adjusted net earnings per share

Most directly comparable IFRS financial measure:
 Net earnings (loss) and diluted net earnings (loss) per share.

Definition:
Adjusted net earnings and related per share information are calculated as net earnings (loss) before share-based compensation and certain foreign
exchange gain/loss (net of related derivatives), net of tax. We also adjust this measure for the following other income and expenses (net of tax) that are excluded when management evaluates the performance of our
day-to-day
 operations: certain integration and restructuring related costs, impairment or reversal of impairment of assets, gain or loss on disposal of certain businesses and investments, gain or loss on
early extinguishment of debt or on settlement of derivatives due to discontinuance of hedge accounting, ARO and accrued ERL related to our
non-operating
 sites, loss related to financial instruments in
Argentina, change in recognition of tax losses and deductible temporary differences related to impairments and certain changes to tax declarations. We generally apply the annual forecasted effective tax rate to specific adjustments during the year,
and at
year-end,
 we apply the actual effective tax rate.

Why we use the measure and why it is useful to investors:

Focuses on the performance of our
day-to-day
 operations and is used as a component of employee remuneration calculations.

2025   2024
($ millions, except as otherwise noted)   Increases (decreases)   Post-tax   Per diluted share   Increases (decreases)   Post-tax   Per diluted share
Net earnings attributable to equity holders of Nutrien   2,267   4.66   674   1.36
Adjustments:
Share-based compensation expense   163   123   0.25   37   27   0.05
Foreign exchange loss, net of related derivatives   9   6   0.03   360   346   0.70
Restructuring costs   68   59   0.12   47   38   0.08
Impairment of assets   –   –   –   530   492   1.00
ARO/ERL related expenses for non-operating sites   2   2   –   151   106   0.21
Gain on sale of investment in Profertil   (301   )   (241   )   (0.50   )   –   –   –
Loss related to financial instruments in
Argentina   –   –   –   35   35   0.07
Sub-total adjustments   (59   )   (51   )   (0.10   )   1,160   1,044   2.11
Adjusted net earnings   2,216   4.56   1,718   3.47

Nutrien Annual Report
2025
57

Overview   MD&A   Five-year highlights   Financial statements and notes

Appendices

Effective tax rate on adjusted net earnings

Effective tax rate on adjusted net earnings guidance is a forward-looking
non-GAAP
 financial measure as it includes adjusted net
earnings, which is a
non-GAAP
 financial measure. It is provided to assist readers in understanding our expected financial results. Effective tax rate on adjusted net earnings guidance excludes certain items
that management is aware of that permit management to focus on the performance of our operations (see the Adjusted Net Earnings and Adjusted Net Earnings Per Share section for items generally adjusted). We do not provide a reconciliation of this
forward-looking measure to the most directly comparable financial measures calculated and presented in accordance with IFRS because a meaningful or accurate calculation of reconciling items and the information is not available without unreasonable
effort due to unknown variables, including the timing and amount of certain reconciling items, and the uncertainty related to future results. These unknown variables may include unpredictable transactions of significant value that may be inherently
difficult to determine without unreasonable efforts. The probable significance of such unavailable information, which could be material to future results, cannot be addressed.

Effective tax rate on adjusted net earnings ratio is calculated as adjusted income tax expense divided by adjusted earnings before income taxes. We use this measure to
provide the actual result for a previously disclosed forward-looking effective tax rate on adjusted net earnings guidance.

($ millions, except as otherwise noted)   2025
Earnings before income taxes   3,049
Adjustments 1   (59   )
Adjusted earnings before income taxes   2,990
Income tax expense   752
Adjustments 2   (8   )
Adjusted income tax expense   744
Effective tax rate on adjusted net earnings
(%)   24.9

1   Calculated as sum of pre-tax adjustments noted in the Adjusted Net Earnings
section.

2   Calculated as difference between the sum of pre-tax and post-tax adjustments noted in the Adjusted Net Earnings section.

Free cash flow

Most directly comparable IFRS financial measure:
 Cash provided by operating activities.

Definition:
 Free cash flow is calculated as cash provided by operating activities less sustaining capital expenditures, mine development and
pre-stripping
 capital expenditures, and repayment of the principal portion of lease liabilities.

Why we use the measure and why
it is useful to investors:
 To assess our operational performance and evaluate our ability to create long-term value by funding activities that include dividend payments, investing capital, debt repayment and share repurchases.

2025   2024   2023
Cash provided by operating activities   4,007   3,535   5,066
Sustaining capital expenditures 1   (1,364   )   (1,468   )   (1,404   )
Mine development and pre-stripping capital expenditures 1   (245   )   (256   )   (262   )
Repayment of principal portion of lease
liabilities   (419   )   (402   )   (375   )
Free cash flow   1,979   1,409   3,025

1   These are supplementary financial measures. See the “Other financial measures” section.

58
  Nutrien Annual Report
2025

Overview   MD&A   Five-year highlights   Financial statements and notes

Appendices

Gross margin excluding depreciation and amortization per tonne – manufactured product

Most directly comparable IFRS financial measure:
 Gross margin.

Definition:
 Gross margin per tonne less depreciation and amortization per tonne for manufactured products. Reconciliations are provided in the
“Results” section.

Why we use the measure and why it is useful to investors:
 Focuses on the performance of our
day-to-day
 operations, which excludes the effects of items that primarily reflect the impact of long-term investment and financing decisions.

Potash controllable cash cost of product manufactured (“COPM”) per tonne

Most directly comparable IFRS financial measure:
 Cost of goods sold (“COGS”) for the Potash segment.

Definition:
 Total Potash COGS excluding depreciation and amortization expense included in COPM, royalties, natural gas costs and carbon taxes, change in inventory,
and other adjustments, divided by potash production tonnes.

Why we use the measure and why it is useful to investors:
 To assess operational performance.
Potash controllable cash COPM excludes the effects of production from other periods and the impacts of our long-term investment decisions, supporting a focus on the performance of our

day-to-day
 operations. Potash controllable cash COPM also excludes royalties and natural gas costs and carbon taxes, which management does not consider controllable, as
they are primarily driven by regulatory and market conditions.

($ millions, except as otherwise noted)   2025   2024
Total COGS – Potash   1,581   1,448
Change in inventory   (2   )   36
Other adjustments 1   (27   )   (21   )
COPM   1,552   1,463
Depreciation and amortization in COPM   (606   )   (581   )
Royalties in COPM   (93   )   (79   )
Natural gas costs and carbon taxes in
COPM   (42   )   (36   )
Controllable cash COPM   811   767
Production tonnes (tonnes –
thousands)   13,966   14,205
Potash controllable cash COPM per tonne   58   54

1   Other adjustments include unallocated production overhead that is recognized as part of cost of goods sold but is not
included in the measurement of inventory and changes in inventory balances.

Nutrien Annual Report
2025
59

Overview   MD&A   Five-year highlights   Financial statements and notes

Appendices

Ammonia controllable cash COPM per tonne

Most directly comparable IFRS financial measure:
 COGS for the Nitrogen segment.

Definition:
 Total Nitrogen COGS excluding depreciation and amortization expense included in COGS, cash COGS for products other than ammonia, other adjustments, and
natural gas and steam costs, divided by net ammonia production tonnes.

Why we use the measure and why it is useful to investors:
 To assess operational
performance. Ammonia controllable cash COPM excludes the effects of production from other periods, the costs of natural gas and steam, and long-term investment decisions, supporting a focus on the performance of our
day-to-day
 operations.

($ millions, except as otherwise noted)   2025   2024¹
Total Manufactured COGS – Nitrogen 2   2,382   2,282
Total Other COGS – Nitrogen 2   198   92
Total COGS – Nitrogen   2,580   2,374
Depreciation and amortization in COGS   (522   )   (483   )
Cash COGS for products other than
ammonia   (1,487   )   (1,287   )
Ammonia
Total cash COGS before other adjustments   571   604
Other adjustments 2   (142   )   (165   )
Total cash COPM   429   439
Natural gas and steam costs in COPM   (296   )   (292   )
Controllable cash COPM   133   147
Production tonnes (net tonnes 3 – thousands)   2,308   2,372
Ammonia controllable cash COPM per
tonne   58   62

1   Comparative figures have been reclassified for our Purchase for Resale business from Nitrogen to the Corporate and Others
segment.

2   Other adjustments include unallocated production overhead that is recognized as part of cost of goods sold but is not
included in the measurement of inventory and changes in inventory balances.

3   Ammonia tonnes available for sale, as not upgraded to other nitrogen products.

Retail average working capital to sales and Retail average working capital to sales excluding Nutrien Financial

Definition:
 Retail average working capital divided by Retail sales for the last four rolling quarters. We also look at this metric excluding Nutrien Financial
revenue and working capital.

Why we use the measure and why it is useful to investors:
 To evaluate operational efficiency. A lower or higher percentage

represents increased or decreased efficiency, respectively. The metric excluding Nutrien Financial shows the impact that the working

capital of Nutrien Financial has on the ratio.

($ millions, except as otherwise noted)   2025   2024
Average current assets   11,240   10,981
Average current liabilities   7,309   7,424
Average working capital   3,931   3,557
Average Nutrien Financial working
capital   (3,693   )   (3,561   )
Average working capital excluding Nutrien
Financial   238   (4   )
Sales   17,620   17,832
Nutrien Financial revenue   (376   )   (361   )
Sales excluding Nutrien Financial   17,244   17,471
Average working capital to sales (%)   22   20
Average working capital to sales excluding
Nutrien Financial (%)   1   –

60
  Nutrien Annual Report
2025

Overview   MD&A   Five-year highlights   Financial statements and notes

Appendices

Nutrien Financial adjusted net interest margin

Definition:
 Nutrien Financial revenue less deemed interest expense divided by average Nutrien Financial net receivables outstanding for the last four rolling
quarters.

Why we use the measure and why it is useful to investors:
 Used by credit rating agencies and others to evaluate the financial performance of Nutrien
Financial.

($ millions, except as otherwise noted)   2025   2024
Nutrien Financial revenue   376   361
Deemed interest expense 1   (177   )   (174   )
Net interest   199   187
Average Nutrien Financial net
receivables   3,693   3,561
Nutrien Financial adjusted net interest margin
(%)   5.4   5.3

1   Average borrowing rate applied to the notional debt required to fund the portfolio of receivables from customers monitored
and serviced by Nutrien Financial.

Retail cash operating coverage ratio

Definition:
 Retail selling, general and administrative, and other expenses (income), excluding depreciation and amortization expense, divided by Retail gross
margin excluding depreciation and amortization expense in cost of goods sold, for the last four rolling quarters.

Why we use the measure and why it is useful to
investors:
 To understand the costs and underlying economics of our Retail operations and to assess our Retail operating performance and ability to generate cash flow.

($ millions, except as otherwise noted)   2025   2024
Selling expenses   3,306   3,418
General and administrative expenses   172   191
Other expenses   123   87
Operating expenses   3,601   3,696
Depreciation and amortization in operating
expenses   (714   )   (751   )
Operating expenses excluding depreciation and
amortization   2,887   2,945
Gross margin   4,603   4,621
Depreciation and amortization in cost of goods
sold   20   20
Gross margin excluding depreciation and
amortization   4,623   4,641
Cash operating coverage ratio (%)   62   63

Nutrien Annual Report
2025
61

Overview   MD&A   Five-year highlights   Financial statements and notes

Appendices

Return on invested capital (“ROIC”)

Definition:
ROIC is calculated as net operating profit after taxes divided by the average invested capital for the last four rolling quarters.

Net operating profit after taxes, a
non-GAAP
 financial measure, is calculated as earnings before finance costs and income taxes,
depreciation and amortization related to the fair value adjustments as a result of the Merger (the merger of equals transaction between PotashCorp and Agrium), share-based compensation, and certain foreign exchange gain/loss (net of related
derivatives) and Nutrien Financial earnings before finance costs and income taxes. The most directly comparable IFRS financial measure to net operating profit after taxes is earnings before finance costs and income taxes. We also adjust this measure
for the following other income and expenses that are excluded when management evaluates the performance of our
day-to-day
 operations: integration and restructuring
related costs, impairment or reversal of impairment of assets, and gain or loss on disposal of certain businesses and investments. A tax rate of 25 percent is applied on the calculated amount.

Invested capital is calculated as last four rolling quarter average of total assets less cash and cash equivalents; payables and accrued charges; Merger fair value
adjustments on goodwill, intangible assets, and property, plant and equipment; and average Nutrien Financial working capital.

We exclude in our calculations the
related financial information of certain acquisitions during the first year following the acquisition.

Why we use the measure and why it is useful to
investors:
 ROIC provides useful information to evaluate how efficiently we allocate our capital and is used as a component of employee remuneration calculations.

($ millions, except as otherwise noted)   2025   2024
Earnings before finance costs and income taxes   3,736   1,856
Merger adjustments 1   186   216
Restructuring costs   68   47
Share-based compensation expense (recovery)   163   37
Impairment of assets   –   530
ARO/ERL related expense for non-operating sites   2   151
Foreign exchange loss, net of related derivatives   9   360
Loss related to financial instruments in Argentina   –   35
Gain on sale of investment in Profertil   (301   )   –
Nutrien Financial earnings before finance costs
and income taxes   (215   )   (170   )
Net operating profit   3,648   3,062
Tax (calculated at 25%)   912   766
Net operating profit after tax   2,736   2,296

($ millions, except as otherwise noted)   2025   2024
Average total assets   52,613   52,579
Average cash and cash equivalents   (902   )   (718   )
Average payables and accrued charges   (8,488   )   (8,547   )
Average merger adjustments 1   (9,596   )   (9,628   )
Average Nutrien Financial receivables   (3,693   )   (3,561   )
Invested capital   29,934   30,125
Return on invested capital (%)   9   8

1   Depreciation and amortization related to the fair value adjustments as a result of the Merger.

62
  Nutrien Annual Report
2025

Overview   MD&A   Five-year highlights   Financial statements and notes

Appendices

Other financial measures

Supplementary financial measures

Supplementary
financial measures are financial measures disclosed by the Company that: (a) are, or are intended to be, disclosed on a periodic basis to depict the historical or expected future financial performance, financial position or cash flow of the
Company; (b) are not disclosed in the financial statements of the Company; (c) are not
non-GAAP
 financial measures; and (d) are not
non-GAAP
 ratios.

Retail adjusted EBITDA margin:
 Retail adjusted EBITDA divided by Retail sales for the last four rolling quarters.

Sustaining capital expenditures:
 Represents capital expenditures that are required to sustain operations at existing levels and include major repairs and
maintenance and plant turnarounds.

Investing capital expenditures:
 Represents capital expenditures related to significant expansions of current operations or
to create cost savings (synergies). Investing capital expenditures excludes capital outlays for business acquisitions and equity-accounted investees.

Mine
development and
pre-stripping
 capital expenditures:
 Represents capital expenditures that are required for activities to open new areas underground and/or develop a mine or ore body to allow for future
production mining and activities required to prepare and/or access the ore, i.e., removal of an overburden that allows access to the ore.

Cash used for dividends
and share repurchases:
 Calculated as dividends paid to Nutrien’s shareholders plus repurchase of common shares as reflected in the consolidated statements of cash flows. This measure is useful as it represents return of cash to
shareholders.

Capital management measures

Capital
management measures are financial measures disclosed by the Company that: (a) are intended to enable an individual to evaluate the Company’s objectives, policies and processes for managing the Company’s capital; (b) are not a
component of a line item disclosed in the primary financial statements of the Company; (c) are disclosed in the notes of the financial statements of the Company; and (d) are not disclosed in the primary financial statements of the Company.

The following section outlines our capital management measure, its composition and why management uses the measure.

Adjusted net debt to adjusted EBITDA:
Calculated as adjusted net debt to adjusted EBITDA. Adjusted EBITDA is a
non-GAAP

financial measure. This ratio measures financial leverage and our ability to pay our debt.

The most directly comparable measure for adjusted net debt is total
short-term and long-term debt and lease liabilities less cash and cash equivalents and is defined as the total of short-term and long-term debt plus lease liabilities less cash and cash equivalents and unamortized fair value adjustments. This
measure is useful as it adjusts for the unamortized fair value adjustments that arose at the time of the Merger and is
non-cash
 in nature.

($ millions, except as otherwise noted)   2025   2024
Short-term debt   873   1,534
Current portion of long-term debt   513   1,037
Current portion of lease liabilities   346   356
Long-term debt   9,350   8,881
Lease liabilities   937   999
Total debt   12,019   12,807
Cash and cash equivalents   (701   )   (853   )
Unamortized fair value adjustments   (258   )   (276   )
Adjusted net debt   11,060   11,678

Nutrien Annual Report
2025
63

Overview   MD&A   Five-year highlights   Financial statements and notes

Appendices

OTHER FINANCIAL INFORMATION

Nature of financial information and consolidated financial statements note reference   Description
Off-Balance Sheet
Arrangements (Notes 5, 12, 22, 25 and 27)   Principal off-balance sheet activities primarily include: – Agreement to reimburse losses of
Canpotex. – Issuance of guarantee contracts. – An agency arrangement with a financial
institution in relation to certain customer loans. – Certain non-financial derivatives that were entered into and continued to be held for the purpose of the receipt or delivery of a non-financial item, such as grain or natural
gas, in accordance with expected purchase, sale or usage requirements. Other derivatives are included on our balance sheet at fair value. We do not reasonably expect any presently known trend or uncertainty to affect our ability to continue using these arrangements, except as indicated above.
Related Party Transactions (Note 26)   Our main related party is Canpotex, a Canadian potash export, sales and marketing company owned in equal shares by Nutrien and another potash producer.
Financial Instruments and Other Instruments (Note 5)   Our financial instruments are subject to various risks such as credit, liquidity and market risks. As discussed in the “Governance” section, our ELT is responsible for ensuring
that our principal risks, including financial risks, are being appropriately identified, assessed and addressed.

Material accounting policies and Critical accounting estimates

Nutrien’s material accounting policies are described in Note 28 of the audited Consolidated Financial Statements for the year ended December 31, 2025.

Critical accounting estimates

We prepare our consolidated financial
statements in accordance with IFRS, which requires us to make judgments, assumptions and estimates in applying accounting policies. Critical accounting estimates are those which are highly uncertain at the time they are made or where different
estimates would be reasonably likely to have a material impact on our financial condition or results of operations. We have discussed the development, selection and application of our key accounting policies, and the critical accounting estimates
and assumptions they involve, with the Audit Committee of the Board.

Refer to the notes to the consolidated financial statements for additional information on the
following critical accounting estimates including methodology used for calculating our estimates (when applicable), key assumptions used, and factors considered in our estimates and judgments.

Consolidated financial statements note reference   Critical accounting estimate description
Notes 14 and 27   Long-lived asset impairments and reversals We review our assets, at each reporting period, for conditions to determine whether there is any
indication that an impairment exists that could potentially impact the carrying amount of our long-lived assets to be held and used. When such indicators exist, impairment testing is performed. We review, at each reporting period, for possible
reversal of the impairment for non-financial assets, other than goodwill.

64
  Nutrien Annual Report
2025

Overview   MD&A   Five-year highlights   Financial statements and notes

Appendices

Consolidated financial statements note reference   Critical accounting estimate description
Notes 14, 15 and 27   Goodwill impairment analysis We test our operating segments that have goodwill allocated to them when events or circumstances
indicate that there could be an impairment, or at least annually on October 1. Goodwill is more susceptible to impairment risk if business operating results or economic conditions deteriorate and we anticipate not meeting our forecasts. The key
assumptions with the greatest influence on the calculation of the recoverable amounts are the discount rates, terminal growth rates and forecasted EBITDA. The key forecast assumptions are based on historical data and our estimates of future results
from internal sources considering industry and market information. Key assumptions in our testing models may change, and changes that could reasonably be expected to occur may cause impairment. Such change in assumptions could be driven by global
supply and demand, other market factors, changes in regulations, and other future events outside our control. Refer to note 14 of the consolidated financial statements for sensitivity analysis.
Notes 22 and 27   Asset retirement obligations (“AROs”) and accrued environmental costs (“ERLs”)
– measurement AROs and ERLs have a high degree of estimation uncertainty for future
costs and estimated remediation timelines. The Potash and Phosphate segments have AROs and ERLs associated with their mining operations while the Corporate and Others segment has these liabilities for any non-operational sites. Refer to note 22 of the consolidated financial statements for sensitivity analysis. For the Nitrogen segment, there are no significant AROs recorded as there is no reasonable basis for estimating a date or range of dates for cessation of operations. We
considered the historical performance of our facilities as well as our planned maintenance, major upgrades and replacements, which can extend the useful lives beyond the foreseeable future.

Standards, amendments and interpretations effective and applied

The IASB and IFRS Interpretations Committee (“IFRIC”) have issued certain standards and amendments or interpretations to existing standards that were
effective, and we have applied.

In 2025, we adopted the following standards, amendments and annual improvements with no material impact on our consolidated financial
statements:

–   Lack of Exchangeability (Amendments to IAS 21)

Standards, amendments and interpretations not yet effective and not applied

The IASB and IFRIC have issued the following standards, amendments or interpretations to existing standards that were not yet effective and not applied as at
December 31, 2025.

The following amendments will be adopted in 2026 and are not expected to have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements:

–   Classification and Measurement of Financial Instruments (Amendments to IFRS 9 and IFRS 7), effective January 1, 2026.

Based on our adoption work to date, we expect liabilities settled by cheque to be derecognized when the cheque is cleared and
settled with the counterpart’s bank, instead of when the cheque is written. This change will affect the timing of derecognition for certain trade and other payables but is not expected to have a material impact on the consolidated financial
statements.

The following standard is being reviewed to determine the potential impact on our consolidated financial statements:

–   Presentation and Disclosure in Financial Statements (IFRS 18), effective January 1, 2027. In April 2024, the IASB
issued IFRS 18, which will replace IAS 1 Presentation of Financial Statements. The new standard will require classification of income and expenses into specified categories of operating, investing and financing. The standard will also require
defined subtotals including operating profit, and note disclosures including our management-defined performance measures (“MPMs”). The new standard also provides guidance on aggregation and disaggregation of disclosures.

We will continue to assess the full impact of IFRS 18 and disclose any significant updates as our implementation progresses.

Nutrien Annual Report
2025
65

Overview   MD&A   Five-year highlights   Financial statements and notes

Terms

TERMS AND DEFINITIONS

Terms
AECO   Alberta Energy Company, Canada
ABARES   Australian Bureau of Agricultural and Resource Economics and Sciences
AgbioInvestor   AgbioInvestor, UK
Argus   Argus Media group, UK
Bloomberg   Bloomberg Finance L.P., USA
Conab   The National Supply Company (CONAB) is a public company under the Ministry of Agriculture, Livestock and Food Supply – MAPA
CME   Chicago Mercantile Exchange
Croplife   Croplife Media Group, USA
CRU   CRU International Ltd., UK
ICE   Intercontinental Exchange
IFA   International Fertilizer Association
IMEA   Mato Grosso Institute of Agricultural Economics
Moody’s   Moody’s Corporation (NYSE: MCO), USA
NYMEX   New York Mercantile Exchange, USA
NYSE   New York Stock Exchange, USA
S&P   S&P Global Inc., USA
SPGCI   S&P Global Commodity Insights
StatsCan   Statistics Canada
TFI   The Fertilizer Institute, USA
TTF   Title Transfer Facility
TSX   Toronto Stock Exchange, Canada
USDA   United States Department of Agriculture, USA
WASDE   World Agriculture Supply and Demand Estimates, USA
AUD   Australian dollar
BRL   Brazilian real
CAD   Canadian dollar
USD   United States dollar

114 Nutrien Annual Report 2025

Overview   MD&A   Five-year highlights   Financial statements and notes

Terms

Scientific terms
Potash   KCI   potassium chloride, 60%–63.2% K 2 O (solid)
Nitrogen   CO 2   carbon dioxide
DEF   diesel exhaust fluid
ESN ®   Environmentally Smart Nitrogen ® , 44% nitrogen
UAN   urea ammonium nitrate solution, 28%–32% N (liquid)
Phosphate   AS   ammonium sulfate (solid)
DAP   diammonium phosphate, 46% P 2 O 5 (solid)
MAP   monoammonium phosphate, 52% P 2 O 5 (solid)
MGA   merchant grade acid, 54% P 2 O 5 (liquid)
MST   micronized sulfur technology, P + S
P 2 O 5   diphosphorus pentoxide
SPA   superphosphoric acid, 70% P 2 O 5 (liquid)

Product measures
K 2 O tonne   Measures the potassium content of products having different chemical analyses
Mmt   Million metric tonnes
MMBtu   Metric million British thermal units
P 2 O 5 tonne   Measures the phosphorus content of products having different chemical analyses
Product tonne   Standard measure of the weights of all types of potash, nitrogen and phosphate products

Nutrien Annual Report 2025 115

Overview   MD&A   Five-year highlights   Financial statements and notes

Definitions

Definitions
Brownfield   New project expanding or developing an existing facility or operation.
CCUS   Carbon capture, utilization and storage. Process by which CO 2 produced from various industrial processes is
captured and either utilized for further industrial processes or transported to a permanent storage location to prevent release into the atmosphere.
Capital expenditures   Represents the sum of sustaining capital expenditures, investing capital expenditures and mine development and pre-stripping capital expenditures. See the “Other financial measures” section.
Clean ammonia   Ammonia made with direct GHG emissions reduced by at least 90 percent compared to a conventional process, produced from hydrogen obtained using the next generation
of ammonia production technology, such as auto-thermal reforming or water electrolysis with renewable power; this definition does not include end product use.
EBITDA   Calculated as net earnings (loss) before finance costs, income taxes and depreciation and amortization.
Greenfield   New project on a previously undeveloped site.
Greenhouse gas (“GHG”)   Gases that contribute to the greenhouse effect and global warming by trapping heat in the atmosphere. These gases include those outlined by the Kyoto Protocol and
covered under the Greenhouse Gas Protocol Accounting and Reporting Standards. They include the following seven major greenhouse gases: carbon dioxide (CO 2 ), methane (CH 4 ), nitrous oxide (N 2 O), sulfur hexafluoride (SF 6 ), perfluorocarbons (PFCs),
hydrofluorocarbons (HFCs), and nitrogen trifluoride (NF 3 ).
Latin America   South America, Central America, Caribbean and Mexico.
Merger   The merger of equals transaction between PotashCorp and Agrium completed effective January 1, 2018, pursuant to which PotashCorp and Agrium combined their
businesses pursuant to a statutory plan of arrangement under the Canada Business Corporations Act and became wholly owned subsidiaries of Nutrien Ltd.
North America   Canada and the US.
Offshore   All markets except Canada and the US.
Total shareholder return   Return on investment in Nutrien shares from the time the investment is made based on two components: (1) growth in share price and (2) return from reinvested
dividend income on the shares.

116 Nutrien Annual Report 2025
