
EX-99.2

3

d795438dex992.htm

EX-99.2

EX-99.2

Exhibit 99.2

 2024

 MANAGEMENT’S

 DISCUSSION &

 ANALYSIS

Overview   MD&A   Five-year highlights   Financial statements and notes
Management’s discussion & analysis
(“MD&A”)

MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION & ANALYSIS (“MD&A”)

The following management’s discussion and analysis
(“MD&A”) is the responsibility of management and is dated as of February 20, 2025.

The Board of Directors
(“Board”) of Nutrien carries out its responsibility for review of this disclosure principally through its Audit Committee, comprised exclusively of independent directors. The Audit Committee reviews and, prior to its publication,
recommends approval of this disclosure to the Board. The Board has approved this disclosure. The term “Nutrien” refers to Nutrien Ltd. and the terms “we”, “us”, “our”, “Nutrien” and “the
Company” refer to Nutrien and, as applicable, Nutrien and its direct and indirect subsidiaries on a consolidated basis. This MD&A should be read together with the Company’s audited consolidated financial statements for the year ended
December 31, 2024 (“consolidated financial statements”) prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards (“IFRS”) as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board, unless otherwise stated.

This MD&A contains certain
non-GAAP
 financial measures and
ratios, which do not have a standard meaning under IFRS and, therefore, may not be comparable to similar measures presented by other issuers. Such
non-GAAP
 financial measures and ratios include

•   Adjusted EBITDA

•   Adjusted net earnings and adjusted net earnings per share

•   Effective tax rate on adjusted net earnings guidance

•   Gross margin excluding depreciation and amortization per tonne – manufactured product

•   Potash controllable cash cost of product manufactured per tonne

•   Ammonia controllable cash cost of product manufactured per tonne

•   Retail adjusted average working capital to sales and Retail adjusted average working capital to sales excluding Nutrien Financial

•   Nutrien Financial adjusted net interest margin

•   Retail cash operating coverage ratio

•   Return on invested capital (“ROIC”)

•   Adjusted net debt

For definitions, further information and reconciliations of these measures to the most directly
comparable measures under IFRS, see the
“Non-GAAP
 Financial Measures” and “Other Financial Measures” sections.

This MD&A also contains forward-looking information and forward-looking statements. See the “Forward-Looking Statements” section.

All references to per share amounts pertain to diluted net earnings (loss) per share. Financial data in this MD&A is stated in millions of US
dollars, which is the functional currency of Nutrien and the majority of its subsidiaries, unless otherwise noted. Information that is not meaningful is indicated by n/m. Information that is not applicable is indicated by n/a. See the “Other
Financial Measures” and “Terms and Definitions” sections for definitions, abbreviations, measures and terms used in this MD&A.

Additional information relating to Nutrien (which, except as otherwise noted, is not incorporated by reference herein), including our Annual
Information Form for the year ended December 31, 2024 can be found on SEDAR+ at sedarplus.ca and on EDGAR at sec.gov. The Company is a foreign private issuer under the rules and regulations of the US Securities and Exchange Commission (the
“SEC”).

The information contained on or accessible from our website or any other website is not incorporated by reference into this MD&A or any other
report or document we file with or furnish to applicable Canadian or US securities regulatory authorities.

8
 |  Nutrien
Annual Report 2024

Overview   MD&A   Five-year highlights   Financial statements and notes
Our approach to annual reporting

OUR APPROACH TO ANNUAL REPORTING

Through our annual report, we aim to communicate how we assess opportunities and challenges, which guide our strategy, risk management
and governance. Our stakeholders’ priorities influence our approach to creating long-term value.

Our company Outlines who we are as a company, where we operate, and our competitive advantages 12 | Nutrien’s advantage 14 | Global profile   Operating environment Defines factors and trends that influence the environment we operate in and our outlook for
2025 18 | Market fundamentals and outlook 23 | Megatrends
Strategy Describes our vision and strategy across three strategic priorities 28 | Nutrien’s strategy 29 | Simplify and focus 30 | Operational excellence 31 | Disciplined and intentional capital allocation   Governance Describes our key corporate governance principles and risk management process 36 | Corporate governance 37 | Board and executive leadership 38 | Risk governance 39 | Risk management process
Key enterprise risks Outlines the key risks that could affect our performance and our future operations 42 | Key enterprise risks   Profile and results Describes each of our operating segments, highlights our current financial results and provides
guidance 48 | Operating segment performance 58 | 2025 Guidance and sensitivities 59 | Annual financial information

Nutrien Annual Report 2024 | 9

Overview   MD&A   Five-year highlights   Financial statements and notes
Nutrien’s advantage Global profile

 OUR COMPANY

Nutrien is a leading global provider of crop inputs and services. We operate a world-class network of production, distribution and
ag retail facilities that positions us to efficiently serve the needs of farmers. We focus on creating long-term value by prioritizing investments that strengthen the advantages of our business across the ag value chain and by maintaining access to
the resources and relationships with stakeholders needed to achieve our goals.

10 | Nutrien Annual Report 2024

Overview   MD&A   Five-year highlights   Financial statements and notes
Nutrien’s advantage Global profile

Nutrien Annual Report 2024 | 11

Overview   MD&A   Five-year highlights   Financial statements and notes
Nutrien’s advantage

NUTRIEN’S ADVANTAGE

Our leading position across the ag value chain offers key competitive advantages and differentiation from our competitors. We focus on enhancing
our relationships with farmers, driving efficiencies across our network and strengthening our financial position and resilience.

UNIQUE RELATIONSHIP WITH THE
FARMER The farmer is at the heart of everything we do and our connection with our
customers is unlike any other. Together we are working to improve on-farm productivity and foster innovation to address the demands of a growing global population.
ADVANTAGED POSITION ACROSS THE AG
VALUE CHAIN Our global reach provides competitive advantages
to support higher upstream sales of manufactured fertilizer and proprietary products, drive supply chain efficiencies, optimize transportation and logistics and efficiently supply our customers.
PROVEN FINANCIAL STRENGTH AND
STABILITY Our business is diversified, which enhances our
earnings profile. Our downstream Nutrien Ag Solutions (“Retail”) business provides greater stability to our earnings base and counter-cyclical cash flow, while our low-cost upstream fertilizer
production assets are positioned to generate significant cash flow, providing the ability to invest in our business and consistently return capital to our shareholders.

12 | Nutrien Annual Report 2024

Overview   MD&A   Five-year highlights   Financial statements and notes
Nutrien’s advantage

1. UNIQUE RELATIONSHIP
WITH THE FARMER
>4,500   >600,000   4M
crop consultants   customer accounts   sustainable agriculture program acres 1
2.
ADVANTAGED POSITION ACROSS THE AG VALUE CHAIN
World-class production assets   Global supply chain excellence   Leading ag retail network
27Mmt   ~660   >1,900
upstream fertilizer manufactured sales volumes   midstream fertilizer distribution points   Retail locations
~2,000   5   ~1,500
proprietary products   specialized marine terminals 2   crop input suppliers
3. PROVEN FINANCIAL
STRENGTH AND STABILITY
Substantial cash generation   Balanced approach to capital allocation (2020–2024) (percent)
$4.8B annual average cash provided by operating activities (2020–2024)

1   This is a non-financial measure. See the “Terms and definitions”
section.

2   Owned or accessed through Canpotex.

3   This is a supplementary financial measure. See the “Other financial measures” section.

Nutrien Annual Report 2024 | 13

Overview   MD&A   Five-year highlights   Financial statements and notes
Global profile

GLOBAL PROFILE Our upstream fertilizer manufacturing assets are primarily located in North America, with access
to high-quality resources, lower cost inputs and an extensive midstream distribution network to efficiently supply our customers. Our downstream Retail business serves farmers in key agricultural markets in North America, Australia and South
America.
13 Nitrogen production and upgrade facilities in North America and Trinidad and Tobago   6 Potash mines in Canada
1,300 Retail locations in North America   6 Phosphate production and upgrade facilities in the US
200 Retail locations in South America

14 | Nutrien Annual Report 2024

Overview   MD&A   Five-year highlights   Financial statements and notes
Global profile

Retail   Nitrogen   Joint venture and investments
Potash   Phosphate   European distribution

400 Retail locations in Australia

Nutrien Annual Report 2024 | 15

Overview   MD&A   Five-year highlights   Financial statements and notes
Market fundamentals and
outlook Megatrends

16 | Nutrien Annual Report 2024

Overview   MD&A   Five-year highlights   Financial statements and notes
Market fundamentals and
outlook Megatrends

OPERATING ENVIRONMENT

We operate in a rapidly changing world and must anticipate and adapt to our environment. We seek to understand the specific markets
where we operate as well as the broader trends that influence and shape our operational landscape. This understanding helps us to seize new opportunities as they emerge and better identify the risks that could impact our ability to deliver on our
strategy.

Nutrien Annual Report 2024  | 17

Overview   MD&A   Five-year highlights   Financial statements and notes
Market fundamentals and outlook

MARKET FUNDAMENTALS AND OUTLOOK

Agriculture and retail markets

$125B

2024 total
global

crop input sales
1

Crop nutrients

72.5
Mmt

2024 global potash

(KCl) demand

~159
Mmt

2024 global nitrogen

(N) demand

~51
Mmt

2024 global phosphate

(P
2
O
5
) demand

1   Represents total market sales of seed, fertilizer and crop protection products in the US, Canada, Australia and Brazil.

  18 |
Nutrien Annual Report 2024

Overview   MD&A   Five-year highlights   Financial statements and notes
Market fundamentals and outlook

AGRICULTURE AND RETAIL MARKETS

Market fundamentals

Total crop
protection, seed and fertilizer sales in our Retail operating regions equated to approximately $125 billion in 2024. As the world’s population increases, farmers are challenged to increase yields from a finite arable land base. This drives
growth in demand for crop inputs and agronomic services.

The agriculture retail industry is highly fragmented in most of the major markets in which we operate,
primarily composed of small and
medium-sized
 competitors. Scale, reliability of supply and the ability to provide innovative products and solutions, including digital offerings, are increasingly important to
farmers.

In North America, the primary crops grown include corn, soybeans, wheat, canola and cotton. It is a more mature market with farmers leveraging advanced
agriculture tools and willing and able to invest in high-value products and services.

In Australia, our customers require a full suite of crop production inputs but
also solutions for livestock, water and irrigation services given the more mixed nature of farm operations.

Brazil is one of the world’s largest and
fastest-growing agriculture markets. It is currently the largest soybean producer and the third largest producer of corn globally. Its retail industry is highly fragmented, the supply chain is extended due to the significant reliance on imported
crop inputs and there remains opportunity for adoption of more advanced products and services at the farmer level.

Market outlook

Global grain
stocks-to-use
 ratios are historically low, and demand remains strong, providing a supportive environment for ag commodity prices in 2025. We expect US corn plantings to range
between 91 and 93 million acres and soybean plantings to range from 84 to 86 million acres in 2025. The projected increase in corn acreage, combined with a shortened fall application season in 2024, supports our outlook for strong North
American fertilizer demand in the first half of the year.

In Brazil, generally favorable soil moisture conditions and stronger crop prices are expected to lead to an
increase in safrinha corn planted acreage of approximately five percent, supporting crop input demand in the first half of 2025.

A weaker Australian dollar and
strong grain and oilseed export demand is supporting grower economics, and conditions remain positive for 2025 crop input demand.

US ag retail
industry profile

(percent)

Source: Croplife

Global grains
ending stocks & stocks/use ratio
1

(ending stocks Mmt)   (stocks/use ratio %)

Source: USDA, Nutrien

1   Global grains include corn, wheat, rice, barley, oats, millets, mixed grains, rye and sorghum. RoW is Rest of World
excluding China and the US.

Nutrien Annual Report 2024  | 19

Overview   MD&A   Five-year highlights   Financial statements and notes
Market fundamentals and outlook

CROP NUTRIENT MARKETS: POTASH

Market fundamentals

Potash
strengthens root systems supporting water uptake, drought and disease tolerance and increases the uptake of other nutrients. Potash demand growth is driven by increasing nutrient requirements of higher-yielding crops and improving soil fertility
practices, particularly in emerging markets where potash has been historically under-applied and crop yields lag.

High-quality potash reserves in significant
quantities are limited to a small number of countries. Canada has the largest known global potash reserves, accounting for approximately 40 percent of the total. Approximately 75 percent of the world’s potash production capacity is
held by the six largest producing companies.

Building new production capacity requires significant capital and time to bring online. The expected cost for a
greenfield project, including infrastructure, ranges up to $7 billion and requires a minimum of 10 years.
1
 Brownfield projects have a significant

per-tonne
 capital cost advantage over greenfield projects.

Most major potash-consuming countries in Asia and Latin America
have limited production capability and rely on imports to meet their needs. Trade typically accounts for approximately three-quarters of demand for potash, resulting in a globally diversified marketplace.

Inflation in operating and logistics costs has increased the short run marginal cost of potash supply and higher capital costs has also impacted the
long-run
 margin cost.

Market outlook

Global potash
shipments rebounded to approximately 72.5 million tonnes in 2024, driven by improved supply and supportive application economics that contributed to increased demand in key markets such as China, Brazil and Southeast Asia.

We forecast global potash shipments between 71 and 75 million tonnes in 2025. The high end of the range captures the potential for stronger underlying global
consumption and the lower end captures the potential for reduced supply availability. We anticipate the potential for supply tightness with limited global capacity additions in 2025 and reported operational challenges and maintenance work in key
producing regions.

Global potash demand   Delivered cash cost of potash to Brazil 2,3
(million tonnes KCl)   ($ per tonne)
Source: IFA, Argus, CRU, SPGCI, Nutrien   Source: CRU, Nutrien

1   3 million tonne KCl conventional potash mine in Saskatchewan, Canada. Cost includes rail, utility systems, port
facilities and, if applicable, cost of deposit.

2   Based on CRU historical data and forecasts.

3   Short-run marginal cost refers to the breakeven delivered cash cost of the
market-clearing high-cost production on a short-term basis. Long-run marginal cost refers to the full economic cost of new capacity.

20 |   Nutrien Annual Report 2024

Overview   MD&A   Five-year highlights   Financial statements and notes
Market fundamentals and outlook

CROP NUTRIENT MARKETS: NITROGEN

Market fundamentals

Nitrogen is
an essential crop nutrient and is a fundamental building block of plant proteins that improves both crop yield and quality. The necessity of nitrogen for crop yield supports a strong and growing demand source for nitrogen fertilizers. Additionally,
nitrogen is used as an input in many industrial processes and has the potential to provide further value if markets for
low-carbon
 ammonia emerge.

Production of nitrogen products is the most geographically diverse of the three primary crop nutrients due to the widespread availability of hydrogen sources. Access to
reliable and competitively priced energy feedstock supply is an important driver of profitability, as recent geopolitical events continue to create additional volatility in certain global energy markets. North American nitrogen producers currently
have an advantaged cost position due to the relatively low price of natural gas compared to competitors in Europe and Asia.

The US is the third largest
nitrogen-producing country but remains one of the largest importers of nitrogen products. China and India are the largest-consuming countries of nitrogen products, accounting for approximately 40 percent of the world’s consumption.

Market outlook

Global urea and
UAN prices have increased in the first quarter of 2025, driven by strengthening demand in key import markets and restricted supply, including continued Chinese urea export restrictions. Global ammonia prices have trended lower to start the year due
to seasonal demand weakness and the anticipation of incremental supply in the US and export capacity from Russia. We expect North American natural gas prices to remain highly competitive compared to Europe and Asia, with Henry Hub natural gas prices
projected to average between $3.25 and $3.50 per MMBtu for the year.

The US nitrogen supply and demand balance is expected to be tight ahead of the spring
application season, as nitrogen fertilizer net imports in the first half of the 2024/2025 fertilizer year were down approximately 60 percent compared to the five-year average. Additionally, nitrogen demand for the spring season is expected to
be strong due to the limited fall ammonia application season and higher expected corn acreage.

Global ammonia demand   Natural gas prices in key regions
(million tonnes NH 3 )   ($ per MMBtu)
Source: SPGCI, CRU, Argus, Nutrien   Source: Bloomberg, SPGCI, ICE, CME, Nutrien

1   2025F based on front month Europe TTF futures prices as of February 14, 2025. North American natural gas prices are
based on the Nutrien 2025 forecast.

Nutrien Annual Report 2024  | 21

Overview   MD&A   Five-year highlights   Financial statements and notes
Market fundamentals and outlook

CROP NUTRIENT MARKETS: PHOSPHATE

Market fundamentals

Phosphorus
is essential to all living things and is key to energy reactions in the plant, particularly photosynthesis, and vital to plant growth. Additionally, phosphate is used as an input in animal feed, food ingredients and for industrial processes.

Phosphate rock is found in significant quantity and quality in only a handful of geographic locations, with only 11 major phosphate-producing countries. Due to the
concentration of deposits, the majority of recent capacity additions have come from existing producers in North Africa, the Middle East and China.

China is the
world’s largest producer of phosphate, and its trade policy has a major impact on the global market. In 2024, Chinese DAP/MAP exports were down approximately 35 percent from 2021 levels as a result of export restrictions.

India and Brazil are the largest importers of phosphate fertilizers, with limited domestic production. In more mature markets like North America, we have seen continued
demand growth for phosphate fertilizers that incorporate secondary nutrients and micronutrients like Nutrien’s MAP+MST product.

Market outlook

Phosphate
fertilizer markets remain firm, particularly in North America where channel inventories were estimated to be historically low entering 2025. We expect Chinese phosphates exports similar to 2024 levels, with total DAP/MAP exports ranging between 6
and 7 million tonnes, and tight stocks in India to support demand ahead of their key planting season.

Global P 2 O 5 demand   China DAP/MAP exports
(million tonnes P 2 O 5 )   (millions tonnes)
Source: CRU, TFI, Industry Consultants, Nutrien   Source: CRU, Argus, Nutrien

22 |   Nutrien Annual Report 2024

Overview   MD&A   Five-year highlights   Financial statements and notes
Megatrends

MEGATRENDS

We define megatrends as macro-level long-term trends and global dynamics that are expected to shape our operating
environment. A megatrend typically stems from complex interactions between policy developments, environmental changes, socio-economic shifts and technological advancements. Evaluating and monitoring megatrends helps inform Nutrien’s strategy
and the related risks we look to manage. See page 28 for more information on our strategy and page 42 for our key enterprise risks.

FOOD SECURITY

Despite advances in modern agriculture, food security remains a global challenge. Producing enough nutritious food for the world’s eight billion people, and
transporting it to where it is needed, is straining existing global resources. It is estimated that nearly 10 percent of the world’s population is food insecure. A rising population, expected to grow by close to two billion people by 2050,
is further increasing the scale of this challenge.

The agricultural landscape continues to evolve and be influenced by climate change, biodiversity loss, water
stress, geopolitical volatility, technology and digitalization, along with social trends that could impact the ability to address global food security.

Nutrien Annual Report 2024 | 23

Overview   MD&A   Five-year highlights   Financial statements and notes
Megatrends

CLIMATE CHANGE, BIODIVERSITY

LOSS AND WATER RESOURCES

The
convergence of climate change, biodiversity loss and water resource challenges forms a critical intersection that is expected to influence global environmental policy and corporate decisions in agriculture and mining for the foreseeable future. The
agriculture value chain is expected to face long-term challenges related to climate change, including continued expectations for climate actions, reductions of GHG emissions and physical impacts from climate change on farmers and agriculture
production.

GEOPOLITICAL

VOLATILITY

Geopolitical
turmoil around the world is being driven by nationalism, polarization and economic instability. Due to globalization, regional events are having global impacts. Trade disputes, tariffs, restrictions and tensions have resulted in, and may continue to
result in, supply chain disruptions and price volatility for energy and several other key commodities. Geopolitical fragmentation can lead to increased costs associated with diverging and sometimes incompatible regulations.

24 | Nutrien Annual Report 2024

Overview   MD&A   Five-year highlights   Financial statements and notes
Megatrends

TECHNOLOGY AND

DIGITALIZATION

Digital
technologies and access to vast amounts of data are supporting the transformation of the agriculture and mining industries. In mining operations, advances in automation and autonomous mining are improving safety by removing workers from the more
hazardous areas and enabling productivity increases. Agriculture and food systems are undergoing technological changes driven by big data, digital connectivity, artificial intelligence and innovations in biotechnology.

New applications of emerging technologies, such as artificial intelligence and predictive analytics, have the potential to greatly improve operational productivity. The
regulatory environment around artificial intelligence continues to evolve at a different pace than its use. Adoption of such technologies is expected to be uneven given vast differences in access and investment.

SOCIETAL

EXPECTATIONS

Stakeholders
remain focused on corporate transparency and accountability. Some investors consider environmental and social principles alongside traditional financial metrics in capital allocation decisions and, along with regulators, are considering those
principles in evaluating disclosure enhancements. Beyond climate-related matters, societal concerns include broad ecosystem impacts, as well as the expectation that companies operate in the best interest of stakeholders keeping public health goals
in mind.

In response to these expectations, governments may impose new regulations or increase the stringency of existing ones. An inability to meet stakeholder
expectations for environmental and social performance could increase stakeholder scrutiny, which could, in turn result in increased difficulty for companies as they seek to access cost-efficient capital, retain talent or deliver on their strategic
priorities.

Nutrien Annual Report 2024 | 25

Overview   MD&A   Five-year highlights   Financial statements and notes
Nutrien’s strategy Capital
allocation

 STRATEGY

Our vision is to be the leading global agricultural solutions provider, delivering superior shareholder value through safe and
sustainable operations. We are focused on strategic initiatives that we believe will help achieve our vision: improving safety and operating performance, increasing earnings and cash flow, while generating higher risk-adjusted returns. We take a
disciplined and intentional approach to capital allocation that is designed to optimize the sources and uses of our cash and prioritize sustaining safe and reliable operations, maintaining a healthy balance sheet, strategically investing in our
business and providing meaningful returns to our shareholders.

26 | Nutrien Annual Report 2024

Overview   MD&A   Five-year highlights   Financial statements and notes
Nutrien’s strategy Capital allocation

Nutrien Annual Report 2024   |
 27

Overview   MD&A   Five-year highlights   Financial statements and notes
Nutrien’s strategy

NUTRIEN’S STRATEGY

Our strategy is focused on three priorities that span our upstream, midstream and downstream businesses.

SIMPLIFY AND FOCUS Simplify our approach and focus on business activities that are core to our
long-term vision and strategic direction, exploring opportunities to exit non-core activities.
OPERATIONAL
EXCELLENCE Enhance safety, increase operational efficiency and
asset utilization, maximize cost savings and improve the quality of earnings.
DISCIPLINED AND INTENTIONAL CAPITAL ALLOCATION Optimize the sources and uses of our cash and prioritize sustaining safe and reliable operations, maintaining a strong and flexible balance sheet,
strategically investing in our business and providing meaningful returns to our shareholders.

28 |   Nutrien Annual Report 2024

Overview   MD&A   Five-year highlights   Financial statements and notes
Nutrien’s strategy

1. SIMPLIFY AND FOCUS

Simplify

•   Pursuing divestiture of non-core Retail assets in South America

•   Reviewing strategic options for our 50 percent ownership stake in Profertil

•   Evaluating further options with regards to our ownership in Sinofert Holdings Limited (“Sinofert”)

•   Centralizing functions to drive efficiencies and streamline decision making

Focus

•   Prioritizing safety to ensure our people go home safe, every day

•   Enhancing low-cost upstream North American fertilizer production assets

•   Strengthening our global distribution network

•   Investing in our core Retail business with a focus on proprietary products

~$200M   +$500M   ~$60M
annual consolidated cost savings expected to be achieved in 2025,
ahead of our initial target of 2026   expected reduction in 2025 capital expenditures from 2023 levels   proceeds from divestment of non-core assets, including 13 percent of our total ownership position in Sinofert and the sale of land in Argentina

2026 Target   2024 Actuals   2023 Actuals
Simplify and focus
Consolidated cost savings 1   ~$200M   Ahead of Schedule   N/A

1   Based on targeted reductions in operational and corporate costs.

Nutrien Annual Report 2024  | 29

Overview   MD&A   Five-year highlights   Financial statements and notes
Nutrien’s strategy

2. OPERATIONAL EXCELLENCE

Maintain
low-cost
 position and enhance safety and the reliability of our upstream assets

•  Investing in Potash mine automation technology and operational excellence •  Increasing Nitrogen reliability and
energy efficiency •  Improving
Phosphate reliability and cost stewardship   35%   12%
potash ore tonnes mined using automation in 2024   increased gas utilization in Trinidad compared to 2023

Drive midstream supply chain efficiencies across our network

•  Optimizing our logistics infrastructure   •  Leveraging our extensive sales and distribution capabilities

Optimize downstream Retail network to enhance margins and our ability to efficiently serve the farmer

•  Consolidating and modernizing our North American footprint •  Executing on a margin improvement plan
in Brazil   >50   >50
North American Retail sites consolidated into centralized locations over the past 5 years   Retail Brazil locations closed, idled 5 blending facilities, and restructured our workforce in Brazil

2026 Target   2024 Actuals   2023 Actuals
Operational excellence
Potash ore tonnes mined using automation   40%—50%   35%   22%
Ammonia operating rate 1   92%—93%   88%   88%
P 2 O 5 operating
rate   87%—90%   78%   83%

1   Operating rate represents production volumes divided by production capacity (excluding Joffre and Trinidad facilities).

30 |   Nutrien Annual Report 2024

Overview   MD&A   Five-year highlights   Financial statements and notes
Nutrien’s strategy

3.   DISCIPLINED AND INTENTIONAL CAPITAL ALLOCATION

Safe and reliable operations

•   Sustain our assets to support safe and reliable operations

•   Focus on continuous improvement initiatives and investments that enhance the utilization rates, reliability and efficiency of our assets

•   Monitor technology, policy and market developments that may make emissions reduction projects economically viable

Consistent shareholder returns

•   Return capital to shareholders through a combination of share repurchases and a stable and growing dividend per share

•   Consider reduction in share count in the decision criteria for future dividend per share growth

Strong and flexible balance sheet

•   Evaluate our assets to ensure they are generating an appropriate return

•   Provide sufficient and flexible access to liquidity while optimizing the cost of our capital through the cycle

•   Expect to maintain an average adjusted net debt to adjusted EBITDA leverage ratio below 3:1 through the cycle

High-value growth opportunities

•   Leverage existing assets to deliver upstream fertilizer volume and proprietary products growth

•   Progress targeted growth investments that have a strong fit with our strategy, provide returns in excess of our hurdle rates and have a relatively low degree of execution risk

2026 Target   2024 Actuals   2023 Actuals
Disciplined and intentional capital allocation
Annual average capital expenditures
(2024-2026) 1   $2.2B–$2.3B   $2.2B   $2.6B
Potash manufactured sales volumes (million tonnes)   14.0–15.0   13.9   13.2
Nitrogen manufactured sales volumes (million tonnes)   11.5–12.0   10.7   10.4
Retail adjusted EBITDA   $1.9B–$2.1B   $1.7B   $1.5B

1   Comprised of sustaining capital expenditures, investing capital expenditures and mine development and pre-stripping
capital expenditures that are supplementary financial measures. See the “Other financial measures” section.

Nutrien Annual Report 2024  | 31

Overview   MD&A   Five-year highlights   Financial statements and notes
Capital allocation

SAFE AND RELIABLE OPERATIONS
Sustaining, mine development and pre-stripping capital expenditures 1
$1.7B
2024
Sustaining, mine development and pre-stripping capital expenditures (percent)   Key 2024 actions •  Completed reliability work and replaced key identified end-of-life assets across our upstream operations, including five major maintenance turnarounds and planned outages at four of our Nitrogen sites •  Received the National Safety
Council’s Green Cross for Safety Innovation award in recognition of tele-remote technology in our potash mines •  Invested in maintenance and safety-related initiatives for our downstream Retail facilities

STRONG AND FLEXIBLE BALANCE SHEET
Adjusted net debt to adjusted EBITDA 2
2.2X
2024
Debt and equity 3,4 (percent)   Key 2024 actions •  Maintained our Baa2/BBB investment-grade credit rating •  Repaid $500 million in senior notes
that matured in 2024 and issued a total of $1.0 billion of 3-year and 10-year senior notes

1   This is a supplementary financial measure. See the “Other financial measures” section.

2   This is a capital management measure that includes non-GAAP components. See the “Non-GAAP financial measures” and “Other financial measures” sections.

3   As at December 31, 2024.

4   Debt includes short-term debt, long-term debt and lease liabilities, including the current portions of each where
applicable.

32 |   Nutrien Annual Report 2024

Overview   MD&A   Five-year highlights   Financial statements and notes
Capital allocation

CONSISTENT SHAREHOLDER RETURNS   Key 2024 actions •  Repurchased 3.9M shares for a total of
~$190 million in the second half of 2024 •  Announced a 1 percent increase to our quarterly dividend to $0.545 per share in February 2025, our
seventh increase since 2018 •  In
February 2025, we approved the purchase of up to 5 percent of Nutrien’s outstanding common shares over a twelve-month period through a renewal of our normal course issuer bid
Cash used for dividends and share repurchases
4.3%
average dividend yield in 2024
$1.2B returned to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases in 2024

HIGH-VALUE GROWTH OPPORTUNITIES   Key 2024 actions •  Invested in potash autonomous mining
machines and technology and increased our ore tonnes mined using automation by more than 75% (vs 2023) •  Invested in low-cost nitrogen brownfield expansions and added
incremental ammonium sulfate capability at our Redwater nitrogen site •  Invested in proprietary products, network optimization and digital capabilities to better serve our
customers
Targeted growth investments
$430M
investing capital expenditures in 2024
8% growth in proprietary crop nutritional and biostimulants gross margin in 2024 (vs 2023)

Nutrien Annual Report 2024 | 33

Overview   MD&A   Five-year highlights   Financial statements and notes
Corporate governance Risk
governance Risk management process

 GOVERNANCE

We embed strong corporate governance systems and principles in our business to place the interests of our shareholders and other
stakeholders at the center of every decision we make. Our governance supports value preservation and long-term value creation by ensuring our businesses’ principal risks and opportunities are being appropriately identified and addressed.

34 | Nutrien Annual Report 2024

Overview   MD&A   Five-year highlights   Financial statements and notes
Corporate
governance Risk governance Risk management process

Nutrien Annual Report 2024 | 35

Overview   MD&A   Five-year highlights   Financial statements and notes
Corporate governance

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

Nutrien’s corporate governance structure includes policies and processes that define the roles of the Board and the Executive Leadership Team (“ELT”). Our
Board oversees the execution of our corporate strategy and management of risk. Below are highlights of our corporate governance practices. For more information, see our most recent Management Proxy Circular.

Board diversity

Having a mix of
directors on the Board from varied backgrounds and with a diverse range of experience and skills fosters enhanced decision-making capacity and promotes strong corporate governance. Our Board Diversity Policy includes a target that women comprise no
fewer than 30 percent of the Board members. As of December 31, 2024, four of our directors were women (33 percent of the total number of directors).

Executive compensation

Nutrien’s compensation framework is based on a
pay-for-performance
 philosophy, with
the majority of executive compensation being at risk. Each year, we include an advisory “say on pay” vote at our annual meeting.

Board skills

Our Board competencies and skills matrices are essential tools to evaluate whether the Board has the right skills, perspectives, experience and expertise for proper
oversight and effective decision making. The Board regularly reviews the skills matrix.

Core business
skills
1

(percent of Board of Directors)

Core industry
experience
1

(percent of Board of Directors)

1   As disclosed in Nutrien’s 2024 Management Proxy Circular.

36 |   Nutrien Annual Report 2024

Overview   MD&A   Five-year highlights   Financial statements and notes
Corporate governance

BOARD OF DIRECTORS

Russell Girling   Ken Seitz   Christopher Burley   Maura Clark   Michael Hennigan   Miranda Hubbs
Chair   President and Chief Executive Officer   Director   Director   Director   Director
Raj Kushwaha   Julie Lagacy   Consuelo Madere   Keith Martell   Aaron Regent   Nelson Luiz Costa Silva
Director   Director   Director   Director   Director   Director

EXECUTIVE LEADERSHIP TEAM

Ken Seitz   Noralee Bradley   Andrew Kelemen   Chris Reynolds
President and Chief Executive Officer   Executive Vice President, External Affairs and Chief Sustainability and Legal Officer   Executive Vice President and Chief Corporate Development and Strategy Officer   Executive Vice President and Chief Commercial Officer
Jeff Tarsi   Mark Thompson   Sarah Walters   Trevor Williams
Executive Vice President and President, Global Retail   Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer   Executive Vice President and Chief People Officer   Executive Vice President and President, Nitrogen and Phosphate

Nutrien Annual Report 2024  | 37

Overview   MD&A   Five-year highlights   Financial statements and notes
Risk governance

RISK GOVERNANCE

Risk management is an integral part of doing business and is governed by our Board, which has the highest level of oversight for risk governance. The Board is
responsible for overseeing the execution and alignment of Nutrien’s corporate strategy and risk management processes.

Nutrien’s ELT has the responsibility of ensuring the Company’s principal risks are being appropriately
identified, assessed and addressed. Management keeps the Board and each of the Board committees regularly apprised of risks and developments relevant to their mandates.

Responsibility and accountability for risk management are embedded in all levels of our organization, and we strive to integrate risk management into key decision-making
processes and strategies. By considering risk throughout our business, we seek to effectively manage the risks that could have an impact on our ability to deliver on our strategy.

Role of the Board committees

While the Board as a whole oversees our strategy and risk management processes, each Board committee has oversight over business topics and certain risk areas relevant to
their committee mandate. More information can be found in Nutrien’s Board and Board committee charters on our website at nutrien.com.

Board/Board Committee   Oversight includes the following business topics or risk areas
Board of Directors   •  Corporate strategy •  Oversight of safety, health,
environmental and security matters   •  Risk management •  Human resources and compensation •  Governance and compliance
Audit Committee   •  Accounting and financial
reporting •  Internal controls   •  Compliance •  Financial risk management
Corporate Governance & Nominating
Committee   •  Corporate governance •  Board diversity •  Director compensation   •  Director orientation and
continuing education •  Board
evaluation
Human Resources & Compensation
Committee   •  Executive compensation •  Succession planning   •  Equity, diversity and
inclusion, including the Company’s Indigenous Strategy as it relates to Indigenous employment and human resources matters with appropriate coordination with the S&S Committee •  Learning and development
Safety & Sustainability
(“S&S”) Committee   •  Sustainability priorities •  Risks, strengths and opportunities
related to safety and sustainability including climate-related impacts   •  Safety and sustainability
performance and strategy •  Cybersecurity and data privacy •  Status of remediation projects and environmental provisions •  The Company’s Indigenous Strategy
as it relates to Indigenous engagement and stakeholder relations, with appropriate coordination with the Human Resources & Compensation Committee

38 |   Nutrien Annual Report 2024

Overview   MD&A   Five-year highlights   Financial statements and notes
Risk management process

RISK MANAGEMENT PROCESS

Risk management is integrated in our strategy and business processes to facilitate informed decision making and responsible management of resources. Our Enterprise Risk
Management process is overseen by our Enterprise Risk Management Team and guided by our global risk management framework. The framework promotes consistent and integrated application of risk management principles and processes across our
organization and is scalable to support all levels of the business.

Nutrien’s operating segments and corporate functions use this framework to identify, assess and develop mitigation
actions for key risks that could affect their strategy, operations or future performance. Assessment criteria embedded in the risk framework follow best practices and allow for comparability of different types of risks. Key criteria include the
likelihood of impacting our business and the potential severity of impact.

Risks are evaluated at the management level to fully understand Nutrien’s risk landscape and identify
interdependencies between risks. A consolidated view of our risks is presented to our ELT and senior leaders for review and discussion. Nutrien’s key enterprise risks are then presented to the Board at least annually.

Nutrien Annual Report 2024  | 39

Overview   MD&A   Five-year highlights   Financial statements and notes
Key enterprise risks

40 | Nutrien Annual Report 2024

Overview   MD&A   Five-year highlights   Financial statements and notes
Key enterprise risks

KEY ENTERPRISE RISKS

Nutrien characterizes a key risk as a risk or combination of risks that could threaten the effective delivery of our business model,
future financial peformance, liquidity or ability to deliver on our strategy.

Nutrien Annual Report 2024  | 41

Overview   MD&A   Five-year highlights   Financial statements and notes
Key enterprise risks

KEY ENTERPRISE RISKS

Our key enterprise risks are discussed below and, while these represent our significant risks, we also continue to be exposed to other important general business,
financial, operational and climate-related risks. For a more detailed discussion of these key risks and other risks that may have a material effect on us, refer to Nutrien’s 2024 Annual Information Form.

1   Competition and shifting market fundamentals
Description Global macroeconomic conditions and shifting market fundamentals – including trade tariffs and trade restrictions, market volatility, geopolitical conditions,
increased price competition or new entrants, and/or a significant change in agriculture production or consumption trends – could lead to a sustained environment of reduced demand for our products, increased costs and/or low or volatile
commodity prices, thereby negatively impacting our short- and long-term profitability.   Risk management approach We operate across the ag value chain and have a diversified portfolio of products and services that are designed to enable us to respond to changing economic conditions.
We have a favorable cost-structure and the flexibility to make operational changes across our portfolio to help minimize the impact of changing market dynamics. We prioritize a strong and flexible balance sheet and focus on initiatives that simplify
and enhance our core business, optimize our advantages across the ag value chain and allocate capital to high-value investments. See page 18 of this report for more information on our market fundamentals.
2   Changing regulations
Description Changing laws, regulations and government policies, including those relating to the environment, climate change (including regulation of GHG emissions), data privacy,
health and safety, and taxes and royalties, could affect our ability to produce or sell certain products, reduce our efficiency and competitive advantage, increase our costs of raw materials, energy, transportation and compliance, or require us to
make capital improvements to our operations. These and other factors could impact our strategy, operations, financial results or reputation.   Risk management approach Our Government & External Affairs Team maintains an active engagement strategy with governments and regulators, including participation in industry associations.
These relationships allow us to keep current on regulatory developments affecting our business or industry, allowing us to anticipate new or changing laws and regulations and put us in the best position for success while leveraging our industry
association allies.

42 |   Nutrien Annual Report 2024

Overview   MD&A   Five-year highlights   Financial statements and notes
Key enterprise risks

3   Political, economic and social instability
Description We are a global business with significant operations in Canada and the US as well as operations outside of North America, including Australia, South America, Trinidad and
certain European countries. We are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties related to
international sales and operations, and wide-ranging political, economic and social instability. These risks include, but are not limited to: restrictions on monetary distributions in jurisdictions we operate, inflation and/or conditions resulting
from governmental attempts to reduce inflation, currency exchange rate fluctuations between the US dollar and foreign currencies, labor disruptions, competitive restrictions, forced divestitures or changes to, or termination or nullification of,
existing agreements, military or other armed conflicts, mining permits or leases, the imposition of tariffs, exchange controls,   international sanctions, embargoes, trade barriers or other restrictions. Instability in political or regulatory regimes could also affect our ability
to do business and could impact our financial results or the value of our assets. Risk
management approach Our Government & External Affairs Team maintains an active
engagement strategy with governments, regulators and other stakeholders in the countries where we operate or plan to operate and is well positioned with the US Administration. We assess capital investments and project decisions against political,
country-specific and other related risk factors and avoid or reduce our exposure to jurisdictions with unacceptable risk levels. We actively monitor regulatory and political developments and global trends that may impact us.
4   Agricultural changes and trends
Description The agricultural landscape continues to evolve as a result of factors including, but not limited to, farm and industry consolidation, changing farmer demographics,
technology developments, sustainability practices, changing government programs and policies, climate change and shifting social trends, many of which vary from jurisdiction to jurisdiction. These factors as well as other factors affecting long-term
demand for our products and services could adversely impact our strategy and our financial results.   Risk management approach We operate across the ag value chain and have a diversified portfolio of products and services that enable us to adapt to changes in the agriculture industry and help
position us to achieve long-term value creation. Our downstream Retail network provides access and insights directly to the farmer, providing an opportunity to anticipate trends and respond faster to the needs of our customers. We are focused on
bringing value-added products and services to market that address key grower challenges, including offering financing solutions through Nutrien Financial and expanding innovative proprietary product offerings. See page 28 of this report for more information on our strategy.
5   Cybersecurity threats
Description Information technology and operational control systems are embedded in our business and as we become more dependent on these systems, third-party systems and cloud-based
platforms, we may become more exposed to cyberattacks, which continue to become increasingly sophisticated. Cybersecurity risks can include attacks on information technology and infrastructure by hackers, industrial espionage, terrorist attacks,
viruses, ransom events, the unintended disclosure of confidential   information and/or personally identifiable information, the misuse or loss of control over computer control systems, power outages, business and/or supply chain
disruptions, and related breaches. Any of these could result in business disruptions, increased defense or insurance costs, reputational damage, personal injury or third-party claims, which could, in turn, negatively impact our operations, financial
results or reputation.

Nutrien Annual Report 2024  | 43

Overview   MD&A   Five-year highlights   Financial statements and notes
Key enterprise risks

5   Cybersecurity threats (continued)
Risk management approach Our Global Information Management and Cyber Security Team is supported by third-party specialists, oversees our network security and may assist in incident response. We
promote a strong culture of cybersecurity awareness to minimize threats and vulnerabilities, which is supported by our cybersecurity framework, policies and best practices.   Threat and
risk assessments are completed for all new information technology systems, and our cybersecurity incident response processes are backstopped by external response measures. We also conduct regular simulated phishing and targeted cybersecurity
training as well as incident response training.
6   Supply chain disruption
Description Our ability to produce and supply our customers and markets with products can be negatively impacted by disruptions in our inbound and outbound supply chains. These
disruptions can result in difficulties supplying key materials or supplies to our facilities or impair our ability (or the ability of the third parties upon which we rely) to deliver products to our customers in a timely manner. Ongoing geopolitical
conflicts, regulatory instability, sanctions, tariffs, labor disputes and extreme weather events or disasters have created and could create supply chain challenges and disruptions, and/or limit our future ability to sell or distribute our products
in a timely manner, any of which could negatively impact our business and financial results.   Risk management approach Our business structure and position across the ag value chain provides us the flexibility to optimize our operations and distribution network to be able to respond to
potential supply chain disruptions. We have an extensive and diverse transportation and storage network that allows us to effectively manage and adapt to logistical challenges. We maintain a sizable and diverse network of suppliers that we regularly
review to ensure we can maintain critical feedstocks for our operations.
7   Climate change
Description Our business and our customers are subject to risks related to or resulting from climate change, which are commonly grouped into physical risk and transition risk
categories. Physical risks include the impacts that climate change could have on our
operations, supply chains and customers. These may cause or result in, among other things, more frequent and severe weather events, diminishing biodiversity, impacts to growing seasons or crop yields and changing weather factors such as temperature,
precipitation, wind and water levels, and affect freshwater availability. These risks may also result in operational or supply chain disruptions. Transition risks relate to the risk inherent in changing strategies, policies or investments as society and industry work to reduce the reliance on carbon and its impact
on the climate. Impacts from transition risks include, among other things, policy constraints on emissions, carbon pricing mechanisms, water restrictions, land use restrictions or incentives, changing consumer preferences and market demand and
supply shifts.   We are also subject to reputational risks associated with climate change, including our stakeholders’ perception of the agriculture industry and
our role in the transition to a lower-carbon economy. These and other factors resulting from climate change could adversely impact our operations, financial results or liquidity. Risk management approach Our capital allocation framework and preventive maintenance programs help support the long-term
reliability and efficiency of our assets. Additionally, our geographically diversified network of facilities and operations helps to minimize the overall impact of physical risk from climate change on our Company. For more information refer to our 2024 Sustainability Report on our website at
nutrien.com.

44 |   Nutrien Annual Report 2024

Overview   MD&A   Five-year highlights   Financial statements and notes
Key enterprise risks

8   Safety, health and environment
Description Our operations are subject to safety, health and environmental risks inherent in mining, manufacturing and the transportation, storage and distribution of our products.
These inherent risks could result in injuries or fatalities, or impact air quality, biodiversity, water resources or related ecosystems near our operations, which could, in turn, negatively impact our operations, financial performance or
reputation.   Risk management approach Our safety strategy and governance processes are designed to follow regulatory, industry and internal standards of safety, health and environmental. We have structured
incident prevention and response systems in place and conduct regular security vulnerability assessments. We have crisis communication protocols and emergency response programs across our business and maintain environmental monitoring and control
systems, including third-party reviews of key containment structures. For more information
refer to our 2024 Sustainability Report on our website at nutrien.com.
9   Talent and organization culture
Description Our ability to attract and retain qualified top talent, including skillsets in high demand or in certain regions, and provide the necessary organizational structure,
programs and culture to engage and develop our employees, is crucial to our growth and achieving our business results. Failure to do so could impact our operations, financial results or our ability to achieve our growth objectives.   Risk management approach Our Talent Attraction and Sourcing Team focuses on building a diverse and talented workforce. We are committed to the career development of our employees and building a
culture grounded in our organizational purpose and the values of safety, inclusion, integrity and results. Our talent succession process focuses on identifying and managing critical roles and the proactive build-up of internal and external bench strength. Our incentive programs are competitive, performance-based and they support our purpose-driven culture.
10   Capital redeployment
Description We may not be able to deploy capital to efficiently achieve sustained growth, effectively execute on opportunities or meet stakeholder expectations – whether due to
market conditions, lack of investment options or otherwise, or deploying capital in a manner inconsistent with our strategic priorities – could impact our returns, operations, reputation, access to or cost of capital, or result in potential
asset impairments.   Risk management approach We continue to concentrate on creating long-term value through a disciplined and intentional approach to capital allocation. We prioritize sustaining safe and reliable
operations, maintaining a healthy balance sheet, strategically investing in our business and providing meaningful returns to our shareholders. See page 31 of this report for more information on our capital allocation and key actions.

Nutrien Annual Report 2024   | 45

Overview   MD&A   Five-year highlights   Financial statements and notes
Profile and results

46 | Nutrien Annual Report 2024

Overview   MD&A   Five-year highlights   Financial statements and notes
Profile and results

PROFILE AND RESULTS

Nutrien has four reportable operating segments: Retail, Potash, Nitrogen and Phosphate. The downstream Retail segment distributes
crop nutrients, crop protection products, seed and merchandise, and provides services, including financing, directly to farmers through a network of Retail locations in North America, South America and Australia. The upstream Potash, Nitrogen and
Phosphate segments are differentiated by the chemical nutrient contained in the products that each produces.

•   Adjusted EBITDA is the primary profit measure used to evaluate the segments’ performance as it
excludes the impact of non-cash impairments and impairment reversals and other costs that are centrally managed by our corporate function. Refer to Note 3 to the consolidated financial statements for details.

•   Net sales (sales less freight, transportation and distribution expenses) is the primary measure used
in planning and forecasting in the Potash, Nitrogen and Phosphate operating segments.

Nutrien Annual Report 2024 | 47

Overview   MD&A   Five-year highlights   Financial statements and notes
Results

2024
NUTRIEN AG SOLUTIONS (“RETAIL”) OPERATING SEGMENT AND RESULTS

Retail – #1 Global ag retailer

Our global Retail network of over 1,900 locations in seven countries provides farmers with a comprehensive portfolio of value-added agronomic products and services that
includes crop nutrients, crop protection products, seed and application services. The size and scale of our network provides reach and flexibility to reliably serve our customers throughout the growing season. We are focused on building leading
digital capabilities that support data-driven insights to more efficiently serve our farmer customers and offer competitive credit products that meet their crop input financing needs.

We produce an innovative portfolio of approximately 2,000 proprietary crop nutrient, crop protection and seed products. These proprietary products generate a higher
margin for Nutrien and enhance crop production efficiency and profitability for the farmer. We are a leading provider of plant nutritional products, including biostimulants, which aim to increase crop yields through enhanced nutrient efficiency and
improved plant and soil health outcomes.

Over 4,500 crop consultants support our customers in crop planning, seed selection, soil sampling, variable rate fertilizer
application and crop monitoring. Our agronomic tools and expertise combined with our broad portfolio of value-added products aim to support the agricultural productivity of our customers.

Our Retail business generated adjusted EBITDA of $1.7 billion in 2024, higher than the prior year, supported by improved product margins in all geographies and lower
expenses. Lower crop nutrients selling prices and volumes were more than offset by higher per-tonne margins in North America, including growth in our proprietary crop nutritional and biostimulant product lines. Crop protection product gross margin
increased, supported by proprietary products, strong operational execution and the selling through of lower cost inventory in South America compared to 2023. Seed gross margin increased as improved margins in North America more than offset the
impact of dry weather and competitive market pressures in Brazil.

($ millions, except as otherwise noted)   2024   2023   % Change
Sales   17,832   19,542   (9   )
Cost of goods sold   13,211   15,112   (13   )
Gross margin   4,621   4,430   4
Adjusted EBITDA 1   1,696   1,459   16

1   See Note 3 to the consolidated financial statements.

Sales   Gross margin
($ millions)   2024   2023   2024   2023
Crop nutrients   7,211   8,379   1,444   1,378
Crop protection products   6,313   6,750   1,622   1,553
Seed   2,235   2,295   431   427
Services and other   918   927   716   710
Merchandise   897   1,001   150   172
Nutrien Financial   361   322   361   322
Nutrien Financial elimination 1   (103   )   (132   )   (103   )   (132   )
Total   17,832   19,542   4,621   4,430

1   Represents elimination of the interest and service fees charged by Nutrien Financial to Retail branches.

Supplemental data

Gross margin   % of product line 1
($ millions, except as otherwise noted)   2024   2023   2024   2023
Proprietary products
Crop nutrients   421   391   29   28
Crop protection products   470   461   29   30
Seed   154   168   36   39
Merchandise   15   11   10   6
Total   1,060   1,031   23   23

1   Represents percentage of proprietary product margins over total product line gross margin.

48
 | Nutrien Annual Report
2024

Overview   MD&A   Five-year highlights   Financial statements and notes
Results

Sales volumes (tonnes - thousands)   Gross margin / tonne (dollars)
2024   2023   2024   2023
Crop nutrients
North America   8,547   8,985   142   127
International   3,715   3,647   62   65
Total   12,262   12,632   118   109

2024 versus 2023
Crop nutrients   Sales decreased in 2024 due to lower selling prices and sales volumes. Gross margin increased due to higher per-tonne margins in
North America, including growth in our proprietary crop nutritional and biostimulant product lines.
Crop protection products   Sales were lower in 2024 mainly due to lower selling prices. Gross margin improvements in 2024 were supported by proprietary products, strong operational execution and
the selling through of lower cost inventory in South America compared to 2023.
Seed   Sales decreased in 2024 mainly due to the impact of competitive pricing pressure in South America. Gross margin increased in 2024 as improved margins in North America
more than offset the impact of dry weather and competitive market pressures in Brazil.
Merchandise   Sales and gross margin decreased in 2024 due to reductions in Australia primarily related to weather-related impacts on water equipment sales and animal health
products.
Nutrien Financial   Sales and gross margin increased in 2024 due to higher financing rates offered.
Adjusted EBITDA   Adjusted EBITDA increased in 2024, supported by higher product margins in all geographies and lower expenses. We also recognized a $25 million gain on the sale of
land in Argentina as we continue to simplify our business.

Nutrien Annual Report
2024 |
49

Overview   MD&A   Five-year highlights   Financial statements and notes
Results

Selected retail measures

(percentages)   2024   2023
Financial performance measures 1
Cash operating coverage ratio   63   68
Adjusted average working capital to sales   20   19
Adjusted average working capital to sales excluding Nutrien Financial   –   1
Nutrien Financial adjusted net interest
margin   5.3   5.2

1   These are non-GAAP financial measures. See the “Non-GAAP financial measures” section.

Nutrien Financial

We offer flexible financing solutions to our customers in support of Nutrien’s agricultural product and service sales. Qualifying Retail customers in the US and
Australia are offered extended payment terms, typically up to one year, to facilitate the alignment of farmer crop cycles with cash flows. Nutrien Financial revenues are primarily earned through interest from farmers.

We hold a significant portion of receivables from customers that have historically experienced a
low-default
 rate. We manage our
credit portfolio based on a combination of review of customer credit metrics, past experience with the customer and exposure to any single customer. Nutrien Financial, which is our wholly owned finance captive, monitors and services the portfolio of
our high-quality receivables from customers that have the lowest risk of default among Retail’s receivables from customers. We monitor the results of this portfolio of receivables separately because we calculate the cost of capital attributable
to the high-quality receivables from customers differently from our other receivables. Specifically, we assume a
debt-to-equity
 ratio of 7:1 in funding Nutrien Financial
receivables, based on the underlying credit quality of the assets.

Nutrien Financial relies on corporate capital for funding. For 2024, we estimated the deemed
interest expense using an average borrowing rate of 5.6 percent (2023 — 4.1 percent) applied to the notional debt required to fund the portfolio of receivables from customers monitored and serviced by Nutrien Financial. The balance of
our Retail receivables (outside of Nutrien Financial) is subject to marginally higher credit risk.

As at December 31
($ millions)   Current   <31 Days past due   31–90 Days past due   >90 Days past due   Gross receivables   Allowance   1   2024 Net receivables   2023 Net receivables
North America   1,671   289   112   156   2,228   (50   )   2,178   2,206
International   575   51   19   64   709   (10   )   699   687
Nutrien Financial receivables   2,246   340   131   220   2,937   (60   )   2,877   2,893

1   Bad debt expense on the above receivables for 2024 was $55 million (2023 – $35 million) in the Retail segment.

50
 | Nutrien Annual Report
2024

Overview   MD&A   Five-year highlights   Financial statements and notes
Results

2024 POTASH OPERATING SEGMENT AND
RESULTS

Potash – #1 Global potash producer

We operate
six
low-cost
 potash mines in Saskatchewan, which have access to the best potash geology in the world and are located in a stable geopolitical environment, minimizing supply risk for our customers. We produce
multiple grades of potash and our flexible network provides the ability to efficiently adjust operating capability in response to changing market conditions.

Our
extensive North American transportation and distribution network includes approximately 5,800 owned or leased railcars serviced by multiple railway providers.

Through Canpotex – our joint venture potash export, sales and marketing company – we have access to four North American marine terminals and other facilities as
needed to export potash to customers in approximately 40 countries around the world.

Our engagement practices help in building relationships and supporting our
communities, including the procurement of materials and supplies from over 35 Indigenous owned and operated businesses.

Our Potash business delivered adjusted EBITDA
of $1.8 billion as lower net selling prices were partially offset by higher sales volumes. Sales volumes were the highest on record, supported by low channel inventories and strong potash affordability in North America and key offshore markets.
Higher potash production supported by the continued advancement of mine automation contributed to our lower controllable cash cost of product manufactured for the year.

($ millions, except as otherwise noted)   2024   2023   % Change
Net sales   2,989   3,759   (20   )
Cost of goods sold   1,448   1,396   4
Gross margin   1,541   2,363   (35   )
Adjusted EBITDA 1   1,848   2,404   (23   )
1  See Note 3 to the
consolidated financial statements.
Manufactured product
($ per tonne, except as otherwise noted)   2024   2023
Sales volumes (tonnes – thousands)
North America   4,672   4,843
Offshore   9,214   8,373
Total sales volumes   13,886   13,216
Net selling price
North America   285   348
Offshore   180   248
Average net selling price   215   284
Cost of goods sold   104   105
Gross margin   111   179
Depreciation and amortization   44   35
Gross margin excluding depreciation and
amortization 1   155   214
1  This is a non-GAAP financial measure. See the “Non-GAAP financial measures” section.

Nutrien Annual Report
2024 |
51

Overview   MD&A   Five-year highlights   Financial statements and notes
Results

Supplemental data
2024   2023
Potash controllable cash cost of product manufactured per tonne 1   54   58
Canpotex sales by market (percentage of sales volumes)
Latin America   40   47
Other Asian markets 2   28   28
China   13   9
India   7   5
Other markets   12   11
Total   100   100
1  This is a non-GAAP financial measure. See the “Non-GAAP financial measures” section. 2  All Asian markets except China and India.

2024 versus 2023
Sales volumes   Sales volumes in 2024 were the highest on record, supported by low channel inventories and strong potash affordability in North America and key offshore
markets.
Net selling price per tonne   Net selling price per tonne decreased in 2024 primarily due to a decline in benchmark prices.
Cost of goods sold per tonne   Cost of goods sold per tonne decreased in 2024 primarily due to higher production volumes and lower royalties, partially offset by higher depreciation.
Adjusted EBITDA   Adjusted EBITDA decreased in 2024 mainly due to lower net selling prices, partially offset by record sales volumes. Higher potash production, supported by the continued
advancement of mine automation, contributed to our lower controllable cash cost of product manufactured for the full year of 2024.

Potash production

Operational capability 2   Production
(million tonnes KCl)   Nameplate capacity 1   2025   2024   2024   2023
Rocanville   6.5   5.0   5.1   5.02   4.97
Allan   4.0   2.7   2.4   2.40   2.39
Lanigan   3.8   3.2   3.0   3.40   2.89
Vanscoy   3.0   1.1   1.1   1.03   1.05
Cory   3.0   2.1   2.1   2.11   1.50
Patience Lake   0.3   0.3   0.3   0.25   0.20
Total   20.6   14.4   14.0   14.21   13.00

1   Represents estimates of capacity as at December 31, 2024. Estimates based on capacity as per design specifications or
Canpotex entitlements once determined. In the case of Patience Lake, estimate reflects current operational capability. Estimates for all other facilities do not necessarily represent operational capability.

2   Estimated annual achievable production based on expected staffing and operational readiness (estimated at the beginning of
the year, and may vary during the year, and year to year, including between our facilities). Estimate does not include inventory-related shutdowns and unplanned downtime.

52
 | Nutrien Annual Report
2024

Overview   MD&A   Five-year highlights   Financial statements and notes
Results

2024 NITROGEN OPERATING SEGMENT AND
RESULTS

Nitrogen – #3 Global nitrogen producer

We
produce nitrogen at nine strategically located production facilities throughout Canada, the US and Trinidad and operate four regional product upgrade sites in North America. Our North American operations, which account for approximately 85 percent
of our Nitrogen sales volumes, have access to some of the lowest cost natural gas in the world and are well positioned to serve agriculture and industrial markets. Our Trinidad operations support sales to approximately 30 countries and have natural
gas supply contracts indexed to ammonia prices.

We produce a diverse portfolio of nitrogen products, including
ESN
®
, which aims to improve
nitrogen-use
 efficiency, and have flexibility to optimize product mix in changing market conditions. Our transportation and
distribution network leverages truck, rail, pipeline, barge and marine vessel modes, including direct access to tidewater in both the US and Trinidad.

We leverage
carbon capture, utilization and storage technology at two of our facilities. In 2024, we received verification of the carbon intensity of ammonia production at our Redwater facility under The Fertilizer Institute’s Verified Ammonia Carbon
Intensity Program. We have captured and sold at least 1 million tonnes of CO
2
 annually for the last five years, of which approximately 450K tonnes of CO
2
 were permanently sequestered via enhanced oil recovery from our operations in 2024.

Our Nitrogen business
generated adjusted EBITDA of $1.9 billion, relatively flat compared to the prior year as lower net selling prices offset higher sales volumes and lower natural gas costs. Sales volumes increased due to higher production at our operations in Trinidad
and reliability improvements across our network in North America increasing the availability of upgraded products. Cost of goods sold per tonne decreased primarily due to lower natural gas costs in North America and the impact of higher production
volumes.

($ millions, except as otherwise noted)   2024   2023   % Change
Net sales   3,745   4,207   (11   )
Cost of goods sold   2,535   2,828   (10   )
Gross margin   1,210   1,379   (12   )
Adjusted EBITDA 1   1,884   1,930   (2   )
1  See Note 3 to the
consolidated financial statements.
Manufactured product
($ per tonne, except as otherwise noted)   2024   2023
Sales volumes (tonnes – thousands)
Ammonia   2,483   2,436
Urea and ESN ®   3,188   3,125
Solutions, nitrates and sulfates   5,023   4,862
Total sales volumes   10,694   10,423
Net selling price
Ammonia   410   469
Urea and ESN ®   421   480
Solutions, nitrates and sulfates   221   244
Average net selling price   324   367
Cost of goods sold   213   233
Gross margin   111   134
Depreciation and amortization   55   55
Gross margin excluding depreciation and
amortization 1   166   189
1  This is a non-GAAP financial measure. See the “Non-GAAP financial measures” section.

Nutrien Annual Report
2024 |
53

Overview   MD&A   Five-year highlights   Financial statements and notes
Results

Supplemental data

2024   2023
Ammonia controllable cash cost of product manufactured per tonne 1   61   60
Sales volumes (tonnes – thousands)
Fertilizer   6,259   6,067
Industrial and feed   4,435   4,356
Natural gas costs ($ per MMBtu)
Overall natural gas cost excluding realized derivative impact   3.15   3.51
Realized derivative impact   0.09   (0.02   )
Overall natural gas cost   3.24   3.49
1  This is a
non-GAAP financial measure. See the “Non-GAAP financial measures” section.

2024 versus 2023
Sales volumes   Sales volumes increased in 2024 due to higher production at our operations in Trinidad and reliability improvements across our network in North America increasing the
availability of upgraded products.
Net selling price per tonne   Net selling price per tonne was lower in 2024 for all major nitrogen products due to weaker benchmark prices.
Cost of goods sold per tonne   Cost of goods sold per tonne decreased in 2024 primarily due to lower natural gas costs in North America and the impact of higher production volumes.
Adjusted EBITDA   Adjusted EBITDA for 2024 was relatively flat as lower net selling prices offset higher sales volumes and lower natural gas costs. Our total ammonia production increased
in 2024 supported by less maintenance downtime and improved natural gas utilization and reliability at our operations in Trinidad.

Nitrogen production

Ammonia 1   Urea 2
(million tonnes, except as otherwise noted)   Annual capacity   3   Production   Annual capacity   3   Production
2024   2023   2024   2023
Trinidad 4   2.2   1.27   1.11   0.7   0.47   0.32
Redwater   1.0   0.86   0.89   0.7   0.70   0.76
Augusta   0.8   0.68   0.74   0.6   0.52   0.56
Lima   0.7   0.59   0.68   0.5   0.46   0.51
Geismar   0.6   0.58   0.43   0.4   0.38   0.30
Carseland   0.5   0.46   0.53   0.7   0.65   0.75
Fort Saskatchewan   0.5   0.44   0.39   0.4   0.40   0.35
Borger   0.5   0.35   0.24   0.6   0.42   0.31
Joffre   0.5   0.38   0.34   –   –   –
Total   7.3   5.61   5.35   4.6   4.00   3.86
Adjusted total 5   3.96   3.90
Ammonia operating rate 5 (%)   88   88

1   All figures are shown on a gross production basis.

2   Reflects capacity and production of urea liquor prior to final product upgrade. Urea liquor is used in the production of
solid urea, UAN and DEF.

3   Annual capacity estimates include allowances for normal operating plant conditions.

4   In 2023, Trinidad production was restricted due to natural gas curtailments.

5   Excludes Trinidad and Joffre.

54
 | Nutrien Annual Report
2024

Overview   MD&A   Five-year highlights   Financial statements and notes
Results

2024 PHOSPHATE OPERATING SEGMENT AND
RESULTS

Phosphate – #2 North American phosphate producer

Nutrien has two large integrated phosphate production facilities and four regional product upgrade sites in the US. Our high-quality phosphate rock enables production of
a diverse mix of phosphate products, including solid and liquid fertilizers, feed and industrial acids. We are the largest producer of purified phosphoric acid in North America and sell the majority of our product in this market, benefiting from our
extensive distribution network and customer relationships.

Our Phosphate business generated adjusted EBITDA of $384 million, lower than the prior year due to weaker
industrial and feed net selling prices and the impact of lower production, partially offset by lower sulfur and ammonia input costs. Sales volumes were lower primarily due to weather-related events and plant outages that impacted production volumes.
Lower production volumes and higher water treatment costs related to weather-related events increased our cost of goods sold per tonne, which was partially offset by lower sulfur and ammonia input costs.

($ millions, except as otherwise noted)   2024   2023   % Change
Net sales   1,657   1,993   (17   )
Cost of goods sold   1,510   1,760   (14   )
Gross margin   147   233   (37   )
Adjusted EBITDA 1   384   470   (18   )

1   See Note 3 to the consolidated financial statements.

Manufactured product

($ per tonne, except as otherwise noted)   2024   2023
Sales volumes (tonnes — thousands)
Fertilizer   1,751   1,912
Industrial and feed   683   639
Total sales volumes   2,434   2,551
Net selling price
Fertilizer   612   568
Industrial and feed   822   1,010
Average net selling price   671   678
Cost of goods sold   603   583
Gross margin   68   95
Depreciation and amortization   119   115
Gross margin excluding depreciation and
amortization 1   187   210

1   This is a non-GAAP financial measure. See the “Non-GAAP financial measures” section.

2024 versus 2023
Sales volumes   Sales volumes decreased in 2024 primarily due to weather-related events and plant outages that impacted production volumes.
Net selling price   Net selling price per tonne decreased in 2024 due to lower industrial and feed net selling prices which reflect the typical lag in price realizations relative to
benchmark prices.
Cost of goods sold per tonne   Cost of goods sold per tonne increased in 2024 due to lower production volumes and higher water treatment costs related to weather-related events, partially offset by
lower sulfur and ammonia input costs.
Adjusted EBITDA   Adjusted EBITDA decreased in 2024 due to weaker industrial and feed net selling prices and the impact of lower production, partially offset by lower sulfur and ammonia
input costs.

Nutrien Annual Report
2024 |
55

Overview   MD&A   Five-year highlights   Financial statements and notes
Results

Phosphate production

Phosphate rock   Phosphoric acid
(P 2 O 5 )   Liquid products   Solid fertilizer products
(million tonnes, except as otherwise noted)   Annual capacity   Production   Annual capacity   Production   Annual capacity   Production   Annual capacity   Production
2024   2023   2024   2023   2024   2023   2024   2023
Aurora   5.4   3.99   4.24   1.2   0.97   1.00   2.7   1   2.05   2.13   0.9   0.76   0.77
White Springs   2.0   1.19   1.27   0.5   0.36   0.40   0.7   2   0.29   0.33   0.8   0.31   0.33
Total   7.4   5.18   5.51   1.7   1.33   1.40   3.4   2.34   2.46   1.7   1.07   1.10
P 2 O 5 operating rate (%)   78   83

1   A substantial portion is consumed internally in the production of downstream products. The balance is exported to
phosphate fertilizer producers or sold domestically to dealers who custom-mix liquid fertilizer. Capacity is composed of 2.0 million tonnes MGA and 0.7 million tonnes SPA.

2   Represents annual SPA capacity. A substantial portion is consumed internally in the production of downstream products. The
balance is exported to phosphate fertilizer producers or sold domestically to dealers who custom-mix liquid fertilizer.

In addition to the production above, annual capacity (in millions of tonnes) for phosphate feed and purified acid was 0.7 and 0.3 million tonnes, respectively. Production
in 2024 was 0.31 and 0.17 million tonnes, respectively, and 2023 production was 0.30 and 0.16 million tonnes, respectively.

56
 | Nutrien Annual Report
2024

Overview   MD&A   Five-year highlights   Financial statements and notes
Results

2024 CORPORATE AND OTHERS AND
ELIMINATIONS

“Corporate and Others” is a
non-operating
 segment comprising corporate and administrative
functions that provide support and governance to our operating segments. It also includes gross margin related to our non-core business. Intersegment sales, costs of goods sold and expenses are removed from the consolidated results in Eliminations.
Intersegment activities include sale of product between our segments, primarily from Potash, Nitrogen and Phosphate to our Retail segment.

($ millions, except as otherwise noted)   2024   2023   % Change
Corporate and Others
Gross margin 1   13   –   n/m
Adjusted EBITDA 1   (456   )   (267   )   71
Eliminations
Gross margin   (2   )   69   n/m
Adjusted EBITDA 1   (1   )   62   n/m

1   See Note 3 to the consolidated financial statements.

2024 versus 2023
Corporate and Others   Adjusted EBITDA decreased in 2024 due to an $80 million gain in 2023 from our other post-retirement benefit plan amendments.
Eliminations   Eliminations of gross margin in 2024 resulted from higher intersegment inventory held by our Retail segment compared to a recovery of gross margin in 2023 which
reflected the sell-through of higher cost inventory.

FINANCE COSTS, INCOME TAXES AND OTHER COMPREHENSIVE (LOSS) INCOME

($ millions, except as otherwise noted)   2024   2023   % Change
Finance costs   720   793   (9   )
Income tax expense   436   670   (35   )
Other comprehensive (loss) income   (234   )   81   n/m

2024 versus 2023
Finance costs   Finance costs were lower in 2024 primarily due to lower average short-term debt balance from lower working capital requirements, partially offset by the increase in average long-term debt balance throughout 2024.
Weighted average debt balances and rates
($ millions, except as otherwise noted)   2024   2023
Short-term debt balance 1   3,328   3,988
Short-term debt rate (%) 1   6.1   6.1
Long-term debt balance   9,629   9,112
Long-term debt rate (%)   5.0   5.0
Lease obligations balance   1,375   1,200
Lease obligations rate (%)   4.6   4.0
1  North American weighted average short-term debt balances were $2,679 million (2023 – $3,306 million) and
rates were 5.5 percent (2023 –5.6 percent).
Income tax expense   Income tax expense decreased in 2024 due to lower earnings and lower discrete tax adjustments. The discrete tax adjustments in 2023 were related to a change in recognition of deferred tax assets in South America as
they no longer met the asset recognition criteria, the impact of changes in our tax declarations in Switzerland (“Swiss Tax Reform”), and Canadian audit assessments. Refer to Note 10 to the consolidated financial statements for additional
information.
Effective tax rates and discrete items
($ millions, except as otherwise noted)   2024   2023
Actual effective tax rate on earnings (%)   40   33
Actual effective tax rate including discrete items (%)   38   34
Discrete tax adjustments that impacted the rate   (13   )   28
Other comprehensive (loss) income   Other comprehensive loss in 2024 was mainly due to the depreciation of the Australian, Brazilian and Canadian currencies, relative to the US dollar, compared to
a gain in 2023.

Nutrien Annual Report
2024 |
57

Overview   MD&A   Five-year highlights   Financial statements and notes
Results

2025
GUIDANCE

2025 Guidance ranges 1,2 as of February 19, 2025
(billions of US dollars, except as otherwise noted)   Low   High   2024 Actual
Retail adjusted EBITDA   1.65   1.85   1.7
Potash sales volumes (million tonnes) 3   13.6   14.4   13.9
Nitrogen sales volumes (million tonnes) 3   10.7   11.2   10.7
Phosphate sales volumes (million tonnes) 3   2.35   2.55   2.4
Depreciation and amortization   2.35   2.45   2.3
Finance costs   0.65   0.75   0.7
Effective tax rate on adjusted net earnings (%) 4   22.0   25.0   24.1
Capital expenditures 5   2.0   2.1   2.2

1   Guidance provided in our news release dated February 19, 2025.

2   See the “Forward-Looking Statements” section.

3   Manufactured product only.

4   This is a non-GAAP financial measure. See the “Non-GAAP Financial Measures” section.

5   Comprised of sustaining capital expenditures, investing capital expenditures and mine development and pre-stripping capital expenditures. See the “Other Financial Measures” section.

2025 SENSITIVITIES

Effect on 1
($ millions, except EPS amounts)   Adjusted EBITDA   Adjusted EPS   4
$25 per tonne change in potash net selling prices   ± 280   ± 0.45
$25 per tonne change in ammonia net selling prices 2   ±  35   ± 0.05
$25 per tonne change in urea and ESN ® net selling
prices   ±  85   ± 0.15
$25 per tonne change in solutions, nitrates and sulfates net selling prices   ± 130   ± 0.20
$1 per MMBtu change in NYMEX natural gas price 3   ± 190   ± 0.30

1   See the “Forward-Looking Statements” section.

2   Includes related impact on natural gas costs in Trinidad, which is linked to benchmark ammonia pricing.

3   Nitrogen related impact.

4   Assumes 486 million shares outstanding for all earnings per share (“EPS”) sensitivities.

58
 | Nutrien Annual Report
2024

Overview   MD&A   Five-year highlights   Financial statements and notes
Results

ANNUAL
FINANCIAL INFORMATION

($ millions, except as otherwise noted)   2024   2023   2022
Sales   25,972   29,056   37,884
Net earnings   700   1,282   7,687
Basic net earnings per share (dollars)   1.36   2.53   14.22
Diluted net earnings per share (dollars)   1.36   2.53   14.18
Total assets   51,840   52,749   54,586
Total non-current financial liabilities   9,880   9,912   8,939
Dividends declared per share (dollars)   2.16   2.12   1.92

2024 versus 2023   2023 versus 2022
Sales   Sales decreased primarily due to lower fertilizer net selling prices, partially offset by record Potash sales volumes.   Sales decreased primarily due to lower net selling prices compared to the historically strong prices in 2022, partially offset by higher sales volumes for Retail crop
nutrients, Potash and Nitrogen.
Net earnings and earnings per share   Net earnings and earnings per share decreased primarily due to lower sales (see above),
partially offset by lower operational expenses due to lower input costs such as cost to purchase inventories, natural gas, royalties and provincial mining taxes. Net earnings in 2024 were also impacted by a previously disclosed $220 million loss on foreign currency derivatives in Brazil (see the “Controls and
Procedures” section of this MD&A and Note 5 to the consolidated financial statements). Our impairment of assets were lower in 2024. We recorded $530 million non-cash impairments of our Retail
– Brazil and Nitrogen Geismar Clean Ammonia project assets in 2024 compared to non-cash impairment of $774 million of Retail, Phosphate and Nitrogen assets recorded in 2023. Refer to Note 14 to the
consolidated financial statements for additional information.   Net earnings and earnings per share decreased primarily due to lower net selling prices
across our nutrient segments due to a decline in benchmark prices. This was partially offset by lower costs and expenses, which are based on selling or benchmark prices, such as royalties, provincial mining taxes, natural gas and cost to purchase
inventories. In 2023, we recorded $774 million non-cash impairments of our Retail – South America assets, Phosphate White Springs and Nitrogen Trinidad assets compared to non-cash impairment reversals of
$780 million of Phosphate assets recorded in 2022.
Assets and non-current financial liabilities   Total assets decreased in 2024 compared to 2023 primarily due to the non-cash impairments discussed above as well as from lower working capital assets from reduced net selling prices and lower cost of inventories. Non-current financial liabilities increased due to the
higher long-term debt balance from the issuance of new senior notes, partially offset by the repayment of senior notes upon maturity in 2024.   Total assets decreased approximately 3 percent from 2022 primarily due to lower
receivables and inventories as we collected and sold through our higher-valued receivables and inventories from historically strong prices in 2022 and $774 million of non-cash impairments (as described
above). This is partially offset by higher capital spending on property, plant and equipment. Non-current financial liabilities increased due to the higher long-term debt balance from the issuance of new senior notes, partially offset by the repayment of senior notes upon maturity in 2023.
Dividends declared per share   Dividends declared per share increased as we declared a higher quarterly dividend per share of $0.54 in 2024 compared to $0.53 in 2023.   Dividends declared per share increased as we declared a higher quarterly dividend per share of $0.53 in 2023 compared to $0.48 in 2022.

Nutrien Annual Report
2024 |
59

Overview   MD&A   Five-year highlights   Financial statements and notes
Results

FINANCIAL CONDITION REVIEW

As at
($ millions, except as otherwise noted)   December 31, 2024   December 31, 2023   $ Change   % Change
Assets
Cash and cash equivalents   853   941   (88   )   (9   )
Receivables   5,390   5,398   (8   )   –
Inventories   6,148   6,336   (188   )   (3   )
Property, plant and equipment   22,604   22,461   143   1
Intangible assets   1,819   2,217   (398   )   (18   )
Liabilities and Shareholders’ Equity
Short-term debt   1,534   1,815   (281   )   (15   )
Payables and accrued charges   9,118   9,467   (349   )   (4   )
Long-term debt, including current portion   9,918   9,425   493   5
Share capital   13,748   13,838   (90   )   (1   )
Retained earnings   11,106   11,531   (425   )   (4   )

Assets   Liabilities
Explanations for changes in Cash and cash equivalents are in the “Liquidity and
Capital Resources – Sources and Uses of Cash” section. Receivables remained flat
compared to 2023. We had higher receivables due to lower crop margins and weather challenges contributing to longer collection periods. This was offset by lower net selling prices across all our operating segments. In addition, the weaker foreign
exchange rates against the US dollar, primarily from Canada, Australia and Brazil, resulted in the lower receivables. Inventories decreased across most of our operating segments due to lower cost to purchase inventories for resale and lower input costs, such as natural gas and sulfur. We
also closely managed our inventory levels to improve working capital. Property, plant and
equipment increased due to capital expenditures incurred partially offset by non-cash impairments related to our Retail – Brazil assets and Nitrogen Geismar Clean Ammonia project in 2024. Intangible assets decreased due to an impairment of our Retail – Brazil assets in
2024.   Short-term debt decreased due to lower drawdowns on our commercial paper program based on
our working capital requirements. Payables and accrued charges decreased due to lower
operational and capital expenditures and lower foreign exchange rates in Canada, Australia and Brazil against the US dollar. Cost to purchase inventories for resale, natural gas and sulfur costs, and expenses tied to selling prices, such as
royalties decreased. Long-term debt, including the current portion, increased due to the
issuance of $1,000 million of senior notes in 2024, which exceeded the repayment of $500 million in senior notes upon maturity in the same period. Shareholders’ equity Share capital decreased primarily from shares repurchased under our normal course issuer bid
program. Retained earnings decreased as dividends declared and share repurchases exceeded net
earnings in 2024.

We do not hold material cash and cash equivalents in currencies other than the US dollar and Canadian dollar. As at December 31,
2024, we held the equivalent of approximately $347 million US dollars in other jurisdictions outside the US and Canada. We do not depend on repatriation of cash from our foreign subsidiaries to meet our liquidity and capital resource needs in
North America.

60
 | Nutrien Annual Report
2024

Overview   MD&A   Five-year highlights   Financial statements and notes
Results

LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES

Sources and uses of liquidity

Liquidity risk arises from our
general funding needs and in the management of our assets, liabilities and capital structure. We manage liquidity risk to maintain sufficient liquid financial resources to fund our financial position and meet our commitments and obligations in a
cost-effective manner. Our primary sources of liquidity in 2024 and our expected ongoing primary uses of liquidity are listed below:

Primary uses of liquidity   Primary sources of liquidity
–   seasonal working capital
requirements –   operational expenses –   capital expenditures to sustain our assets to support safe and reliable operations –   high-value growth opportunities –   shareholder returns through dividends and/or share repurchases –   principal payments of debt securities   –   cash from
operations (including customer prepayments) –   commercial paper issuances –   increase of credit facility limits and drawdowns –   debt capital markets –   supplier financing arrangements

We believe that our internally generated cash flow, supplemented by available borrowings under new or existing financing sources, if
necessary, will be sufficient to meet our anticipated capital expenditures, planned growth and development activities, and other cash requirements for the foreseeable future. We do not reasonably expect any presently known trend or uncertainty to
affect our ability to access our historical sources of liquidity.

Cash requirements

The following aggregated information about our contractual obligations and other commitments summarizes our liquidity and capital resource requirements as at
December 31, 2024. Commitments reflect the estimated cash outflows for these obligations.

Consolidated financial statements note reference   Payments due by period
($ millions)   Total   Within 1 year   1 to 3 years   3 to 5 years   Over 5 years
Long-term debt   19, 24   9,725   1,037   1,033   1,500   6,155
Estimated interest payments on long-term debt   24   6,032   471   830   693   4,038
Asset retirement obligations and accrued environmental costs   22   4,053   178   246   184   3,445
Lease liabilities   20, 24   1,355   356   437   197   365
Estimated interest payments on lease liabilities   24   239   50   66   40   83
Purchase commitments   24   1,335   1,039   75   43   178
Capital commitments   24   99   77   22   –   –
Other commitments   24   613   189   222   80   122
Derivatives   5   33   33   –   –   –
Total   23,484   3,430   2,931   2,737   14,386

The information presented in the table above does not include planned but not legally committed capital expenditures, business
acquisitions or shareholder returns, including share repurchases and dividends. In addition to the commitments included above, we have other obligations for goods and services as part of our normal operations, which may terminate on short notice,
including purchase commitments for crop input products.

For information on income taxes and pension and other post-retirement benefits funding, refer to Note 10 and
Note 21, respectively, to the consolidated financial statements. Future cash requirements are subject to changes in regulations, actuarial assumptions and our expected operating results.

On February 19, 2025, our Board approved a share repurchase program of up to a maximum of 24,462,941 common shares, representing 5 percent of Nutrien’s
outstanding common shares. The 2025 normal course issuer bid, which is subject to acceptance by the Toronto Stock Exchange, will commence on March 3, 2025. The share repurchase program will expire on the earlier of March 2, 2026, the date
on which we have acquired the maximum number of common shares allowable or the date we determine not to make any further repurchases.

On February 19, 2025, our
Board of Directors declared and increased our quarterly dividend to $0.545 per share payable on April 10, 2025, to shareholders of record on March 31, 2025. The total estimated dividend to be paid is $265 million.

Nutrien Annual Report
2024 |
61

Overview   MD&A   Five-year highlights   Financial statements and notes
Results

Sources and uses of cash

Cash provided by operating activities   –   Lower cash provided by
operating activities from lower net realized selling prices across all segments, which resulted in lower cash collections. This was partially offset by lower cash paid for income taxes and cash paid to our suppliers primarily due to lower cost to
purchase inventory for resale and other costs such as royalties, natural gas and sulfur costs.
Cash used in investing activities   –   Lower cash used in
investing activities due to lower turnaround activities and investing capital expenditures consistent with our capital allocation priorities in 2024.
Cash used in financing activities   –   Lower cash used in
financing activities due to decreased share repurchases in 2024. We also issued $1.0 billion senior notes in 2024 compared to $1.5 billion in 2023.

62
 | Nutrien Annual Report
2024

Overview   MD&A   Five-year highlights   Financial statements and notes
Results

CAPITAL STRUCTURE AND MANAGEMENT

We manage our capital structure with a focus on maintaining a strong balance sheet, enabling a strong investment-grade credit rating.

Principal debt instruments

As part of the normal course of business, we
closely monitor our liquidity position. We use a combination of cash generated from operations and short-term and long-term debt to finance our operations. We continually evaluate various financing arrangements and may seek to engage in transactions
from time to time when market and other conditions are favorable.

Capital structure (debt and equity)

($ millions)   December 31, 2024   December 31, 2023
Short-term debt   1,534   1,815
Current portion of long-term debt   1,037   512
Current portion of lease liabilities   356   327
Long-term debt   8,881   8,913
Lease liabilities   999   999
Shareholders’ equity   24,442   25,201

Senior notes and debentures

As at December 31, 2024, our long-term debt consisted primarily of senior notes and debentures with the following maturities and interest rates:

($ millions, except as otherwise noted)   Rate of interest (%)   Maturity   Amount
Senior notes repaid in 2024   5.9   November 7, 2024   500
Senior notes issued in 2024   5.2   June 21, 2027   400
Senior notes issued in 2024   5.4   June 21, 2034   600
1,000

The senior notes issued in 2024 are unsecured, rank equally with our existing unsecured debt, and have no sinking fund requirements prior
to maturity. Each series is redeemable and has various provisions for redemption prior to maturity, at our option, at specified prices.

Nutrien Annual Report
2024 |
63

Overview   MD&A   Five-year highlights   Financial statements and notes
Results

Credit facilities and other debt

We have several available credit facilities in the jurisdictions where we operate. We have a commercial paper program, which is limited to the undrawn amount under our
$4,500 million unsecured revolving term credit facility and excess cash invested in highly liquid securities. As at December 31, 2024, we had a $961 million outstanding balance in commercial paper.

As at December 31, 2024, $243 million in letters of credit were outstanding and committed, with $219 million of remaining credit available under our
dedicated letter of credit facilities.

Lease obligations

We
also had lease obligations totaling $1,355 million (including current portion) with a weighted average effective interest rate of 4.8 percent as at December 31, 2024.

Debt covenants

Our credit facilities have financial tests and other covenants
with which we must comply at each
quarter-end.

Non-compliance
 with any such covenants could result in accelerated payment of amounts borrowed and termination of
lenders’ further funding obligations under the credit facilities. We were in compliance with all such covenants as at December 31, 2024.

The table below
summarizes the limit and result of our key financial covenant:

As at December 31   Limit   2024
Debt to capital ratio 1   0.65 : 1.00   0.35 : 1.00

1   Refer to Note 4 to the consolidated financial statements for the detailed calculation.

Credit ratings

Our ability to access reasonably priced debt in the capital
markets depends, in part, on the quality of our credit ratings. We continue to maintain investment-grade credit ratings for our long-term debt. A downgrade of the credit rating of our long-term debt could increase the interest rates applicable to
borrowings under our credit facilities.

Commercial paper markets are normally a source of
same-day
 cash for us. Our access to
the US commercial paper market primarily depends on maintaining our current short-term credit ratings as well as general conditions in the money markets.

Long-term debt rating (outlook)   Short-term debt rating
As at December 31   2024   2023   2024   2023
Moody’s   Baa2 (stable   )   Baa2 (stable   )   P-2   P-2
S&P   BBB (stable   )   BBB (stable   )   A-2   A-2

A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities. Such ratings may be subject to revision or withdrawal at any time
by the respective credit rating agency and each rating should be evaluated independently of any other rating.

Moody’s stable outlook on Nutrien’s credit
rating means that there is a low likelihood of a rating change over the medium term. S&P’s stable outlook on Nutrien’s credit rating means that the rating is not likely to change (generally up to two years).

Outstanding share data

As at February 18, 2025
Common shares   489,258,826
Options to purchase common shares   2,927,323

For more information on our capital structure and management, see Note 4 to the consolidated financial statements.

64
 | Nutrien Annual Report
2024

Overview   MD&A   Five-year highlights   Financial statements and notes
Results

OTHER FINANCIAL INFORMATION

Nature of financial information and consolidated financial statements note reference   Description
Off-Balance Sheet
Arrangements (Notes 5, 12, 22, 25 and 27)   Principal off-balance sheet activities primarily include: –   Agreement to reimburse losses of
Canpotex. –   Issuance of guarantee contracts. –   An agency arrangement with a financial institution in relation to certain customer loans. –   Certain non-financial derivatives that were entered into and
continued to be held for the purpose of the receipt or delivery of a non-financial item, such as grain or natural gas, in accordance with expected purchase, sale or usage requirements. Other derivatives are
included on our balance sheet at fair value. We do not reasonably expect any presently known
trend or uncertainty to affect our ability to continue using these arrangements, except as indicated above.
Related Party Transactions (Note 26)   Our most material related party is Canpotex, which provides us with low-cost marketing and logistics for the offshore potash markets that we
serve.
Financial Instruments and Other Instruments (Note 5)   Our financial instruments are subject to various risks such as credit, liquidity and market risks. As discussed in the “Governance” section, our ELT is responsible for ensuring that
our principal risks, including financial risks, are being appropriately identified, assessed and addressed.

Critical accounting estimates

We prepare our
consolidated financial statements in accordance with IFRS, which requires us to make judgments, assumptions and estimates in applying accounting policies. Critical accounting estimates are those which are highly uncertain at the time they are made
or where different estimates would be reasonably likely to have a material impact on our financial condition or results of operations. We have discussed the development, selection and application of our key accounting policies, and the critical
accounting estimates and assumptions they involve, with the Audit Committee of the Board.

Refer to the notes to the consolidated financial statements for additional
information on the following critical accounting estimates including methodology used for calculating our estimates (when applicable), key assumptions used, and factors considered in our estimates and judgments.

Consolidated financial statements note reference   Critical accounting estimate description
Notes 14 and 27   Long-lived asset impairments and reversals We review, at each reporting period, for conditions to determine whether there is any indication
that an impairment exists that could potentially impact the carrying amount of our long-lived assets to be held and used. When such indicators exist, impairment testing is performed. We review, at each reporting period, for possible reversal of the
impairment for non-financial assets, other than goodwill.
Notes 15 and 27   Goodwill impairment analysis We test our operating segments that have goodwill allocated to them when events or circumstances
indicate that there could be an impairment, or at least annually on October 1. Goodwill is more susceptible to impairment risk if business operating results or economic conditions deteriorate and we anticipate not meeting our forecasts. The key
assumptions with the greatest influence on the calculation of the recoverable amounts are the discount rates, terminal growth rates and forecasted EBITDA. The key forecast assumptions were based on historical data and our estimates of future results
from internal sources considering industry and market information. Key assumptions in our testing models may change, and changes that could reasonably be expected to occur may cause impairment. Such change in assumptions could be driven by global
supply and demand, other market factors, changes in regulations, and other future events outside our control. Refer to note 14 of the consolidated financial statements for sensitivity
analysis.

Nutrien Annual Report
2024 |
65

Overview   MD&A   Five-year highlights   Financial statements and notes
Results

Consolidated financial statements note reference   Critical accounting estimate description
Notes 22 and 27   Asset retirement obligations (“AROs”) and accrued environmental costs (“ERLs”) –
measurement AROs and ERLs have a high degree of estimation uncertainty for future costs and
estimated remediation timelines. The Potash and Phosphate segments have AROs and ERLs associated with their mining operations while the Corporate and Others segment has these liabilities associated with non-operational sites. Refer to note 22 of the consolidated financial statements for sensitivity analysis. For the Nitrogen segment, there are no significant AROs recorded as there is no reasonable basis for estimating a date or range of dates of cessation of operations. We
considered the historical performance of our facilities as well as our planned maintenance, major upgrades and replacements, which can extend the useful lives beyond the foreseeable future.

QUARTERLY RESULTS

2024   2023
($ millions, except as otherwise noted)   Q4   Q3   Q2   Q1   Q4   Q3   Q2   Q1
Sales   5,079   5,348   10,156   5,389   5,664   5,631   11,654   6,107
Net earnings   118   25   392   165   176   82   448   576
Net earnings attributable to equity holders of Nutrien   113   18   385   158   172   75   440   571
Net earnings per share attributable to equity holders of Nutrien
Basic   0.23   0.04   0.78   0.32   0.35   0.15   0.89   1.14
Diluted   0.23   0.04   0.78   0.32   0.35   0.15   0.89   1.14

Our quarterly earnings are significantly affected by the seasonality of our business, fertilizer benchmark prices, and are affected by
demand-supply conditions, farmer affordability and weather. See Note 28 to the consolidated financial statements.

Other material transactions or events that impacted
our quarterly results included:

Quarter   Transaction or event
2024 Q2   $530 million non-cash impairment of assets comprised of a $335 million non-cash impairment of the
Retail – Brazil intangible assets and property plant and equipment due to the ongoing market instability and more moderate margin expectations, and a $195 million non-cash impairment of our Nitrogen
Geismar Clean Ammonia project property, plant and equipment as we are no longer pursuing the project. Net earnings were also impacted by a $220 million loss on foreign currency derivatives in Brazil.
2023 Q2   $698 million non-cash impairment of assets comprised of a $233 million non-cash impairment of our
Phosphate White Springs property, plant and equipment due to a decrease in our forecasted phosphate margins and a $465 million non-cash impairment of our Retail – South America assets primarily
related to goodwill mainly due to the impact of crop input price volatility, more moderate long-term growth assumptions and higher interest rates which lowered our forecasted earnings.

66
 | Nutrien Annual Report
2024

Overview   MD&A   Five-year highlights   Financial statements and notes
Results

FOURTH
QUARTER RESULTS

($ millions, except as otherwise noted) Three months ended December 31   Sales   Gross margin
2024   2023   % Change   2024   2023   % Change
Retail
Crop nutrients   1,528   1,808   (15   )   294   346   (15   )
Crop protection products   948   960   (1   )   351   333   5
Seed   184   202   (9   )   52   36   44
Services and other   228   236   (3   )   188   188   –
Merchandise   230   251   (8   )   40   41   (2   )
Nutrien Financial   77   70   10   77   70   10
Nutrien Financial elimination 1   (16   )   (25   )   (36   )   (16   )   (25   )   (36   )
Total   3,179   3,502   (9   )   986   989   –

1   Represents elimination for the interest and service fees charged by Nutrien Financial to Retail branches.

Manufactured product

(Dollars, except as otherwise noted) Three months ended December 31   Sales tonnes (thousands)   Average dollars per tonne
2024   2023   % Change   2024   2023   % Change
Potash
North America   718   1,089   (34   )   270   342   (21   )
Offshore   2,040   2,214   (8   )   168   182   (8   )
Sales   2,758   3,303   (17   )   194   235   (17   )
Cost of goods sold   112   106   6
Gross margin   82   129   (36   )
Nitrogen
Ammonia   701   651   8   448   416   8
Urea and ESN ®   888   739   20   403   428   (6   )
Solutions, nitrates and sulfates   1,325   1,344   (1   )   213   215   (1   )
Sales   2,914   2,734   7   327   321   2
Cost of goods sold   221   218   1
Gross margin   106   103   3
Phosphate
Fertilizer   435   579   (25   )   615   557   10
Industrial and feed   173   174   (1   )   812   860   (6   )
Sales   608   753   (19   )   671   627   7
Cost of goods sold   631   535   18
Gross margin   40   92   (57   )
Three months ended December 31
($ millions, except as otherwise noted)   2024   2023   % Change
Adjusted EBITDA
Retail   340   229   48
Potash   291   463   (37   )
Nitrogen   471   391   20
Phosphate   86   130   (34   )
Corporate and others   (160   )   (117   )   37
Eliminations   27   (21   )   n/m
Adjusted EBITDA 1   1,055   1,075   (2   )
Net earnings   118   176   (33   )

1   This is a non-GAAP financial measure. See the “Non-GAAP financial measures” section.

Nutrien Annual Report
2024 |
67

Overview   MD&A   Five-year highlights   Financial statements and notes
Results

Highlights of our 2024 fourth quarter compared to the 2023
fourth quarter results were as follows:

Q4 2024 versus Q4 2023
Retail   Adjusted EBITDA increased in the fourth quarter of 2024 due to lower expenses and
higher crop protection and seed margins, including increased proprietary products gross margins and improved margins and selling expenses in Brazil. During the fourth quarter, we recognized a $25 million gain on the sale of land in Argentina as
we continue to simplify our business. Crop nutrients sales decreased in the fourth
quarter of 2024 due to lower sales volumes, which were impacted by wet weather in North America and strategic actions related to our margin improvement plan in Brazil. Gross margin decreased in the fourth quarter as higher per-tonne margins in North America were more than offset by lower sales volumes. Crop protection products sales were lower in the fourth quarter of 2024 mainly due to lower selling prices. Gross margin improvements for the fourth quarter of
2024 were supported by proprietary products, strong operational execution and the selling through of lower cost inventory in South America compared to the same period in 2023. Seed sales decreased in the fourth quarter of 2024 mainly due to the impact of competitive
pricing pressure in South America. Gross margin for the fourth quarter increased, supported by higher proprietary gross margin, including improved margins in South America due to strategic actions related to our margin improvement plan in
Brazil. Merchandise sales and gross margin decreased in the fourth quarter due to
reductions in Australia primarily related to weather-related impacts on water equipment sales and animal health products. Nutrien Financial sales and gross margin increased in the fourth quarter of 2024 due to higher financing rates offered.
Potash   Adjusted EBITDA decreased in the fourth quarter of 2024 due to lower net selling
prices and sales volumes. Sales volumes decreased in the fourth quarter of 2024 compared
to the fourth quarter record delivered in the prior year due to a more restricted fall application window in North America and lower volumes to China and Other Asian markets. Net selling price per tonne decreased in the fourth quarter of 2024 primarily due to a
decline in benchmark prices. Cost of goods sold per tonne increased in the
fourth quarter of 2024 as higher depreciation and the impact of more planned turnaround activity more than offset lower royalties.
Nitrogen   Adjusted EBITDA increased in the fourth quarter of 2024 primarily due to higher
sales volumes and ammonia net selling prices. Our total ammonia production increased in fourth quarter supported by less maintenance downtime and improved natural gas utilization and reliability at our operations in Trinidad. Sales volumes increased in the fourth quarter due to higher urea production and strong
regional demand for ammonia. Net selling price per tonne was higher in the
fourth quarter of 2024 primarily due to stronger ammonia net selling prices and a favorable geographic mix. Cost of goods sold per tonne increased in the fourth quarter of 2024 mainly due to higher natural gas costs in Trinidad, partially offset by lower natural gas
costs in North America.
Phosphate   Adjusted EBITDA was lower in the fourth quarter of 2024 as higher net selling
prices were more than offset by the impact of lower production volumes and higher input costs. Sales volumes were lower in the fourth quarter primarily due to weather-related events and plant outages that impacted production volumes. Net selling price per tonne increased in the fourth quarter of 2024 primarily due to the
strength of fertilizer benchmark prices. Cost of goods sold per tonne increased
in the fourth quarter of 2024 due to lower production volumes, higher depreciation, and higher input costs, including sulfur.
Other fourth quarter financial highlights   Adjusted EBITDA in the Corporate and Others segment was lower in the fourth
quarter of 2024 mainly due to an $80 million gain in 2023 from our other post-retirement benefit plan amendments. Finance costs were lower in the fourth quarter of 2024 primarily due to lower average short-term debt balance from lower working capital requirements, partially
offset by the increase in average long-term debt balance throughout 2024. Income tax was an expense in the fourth quarter of 2024 compared to a recovery in the same period in 2023 mainly due to higher earnings and lower discrete tax adjustments. In the fourth quarter of 2023, our discrete tax items included a $134 million income
tax recovery due to the Swiss Tax Reform adjustment. These factors resulted in a positive effective tax rate in the fourth quarter of 2024 compared to a negative effective tax rate in the same period in 2023.

68
 | Nutrien Annual Report
2024

Overview   MD&A   Five-year highlights   Financial statements and notes
Results

CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES

Disclosure controls and procedures

We maintain disclosure
controls and procedures designed to provide reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed by Nutrien in its annual filings, interim filings (as these terms are defined in National Instrument

52-109
 –
Certification of Disclosure in Issuers’ Annual and Interim Filings
 (“NI
52-109”)),
 and other reports filed or submitted by us under
securities legislation is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the required time periods. Our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, after evaluating the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of the
end of the period covered by the annual filings, being December 31, 2024, have concluded that, as of such date, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective in providing reasonable assurance that information required to be
disclosed by Nutrien in its annual filings, interim filings, or other reports filed or submitted by it under securities legislation is (a) recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the securities
legislation, and (b) accumulated and communicated to management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.

There are inherent limitations to the effectiveness of any system of disclosure controls and procedures, including the possibility of human error and the circumvention or
overriding of the controls and procedures. Accordingly, even effective disclosure controls and procedures can only provide reasonable assurance of achieving their control objectives.

Internal control over financial reporting

Management is responsible for
establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting (“ICFR”), as defined in Rules
13a-15(f)
 and
15d-15(f)
 under the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and NI
52-109.
 ICFR is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and preparation of consolidated financial statements for
external purposes in accordance with IFRS. Any system of ICFR, no matter how well designed, has inherent limitations. Therefore, even those systems determined to be effective can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement
preparation and presentation. The Board of Directors, through its Audit Committee, oversees management’s responsibilities for financial reporting and internal controls.

Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, we have designed ICFR based on the
framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission in Internal Control – Integrated Framework (2013) and conducted an evaluation of the design and effectiveness of our ICFR as of the end of the fiscal
year ended December 31, 2024. Based on this evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that, as at December 31, 2024, Nutrien maintained effective internal control over financial reporting.

A material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in ICFR, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of the annual
financial statements, or interim financial statements, will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. Other than in connection with the material weakness and subsequent remediation described below, there has been no change in our ICFR during
the three and twelve months ended December 31, 2024, that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our ICFR.

The Company’s
independent public accountant, KPMG LLP, has issued an attestation report on the Company’s internal control over financial reporting as at December 31, 2024, which is included in our 2024 Annual Report.

Remediation of material weakness

As at June 30,
2024 and September 30, 2024, we had a material weakness related to controls over derivative contract authorization in Brazil, which resulted in unauthorized execution of derivative contracts in the second quarter of 2024. The material weakness
was identified by our management in late June 2024 and was a result of changes that were introduced to our derivative contract authorization and execution process in Brazil during the second quarter of 2024. As a result of those changes, our
controls were not designed effectively during the relevant time periods to ensure that segregation of duties was maintained and checks of authorization were performed in a timely manner and that derivative contracts entered into were recorded in our
treasury reporting systems on a timely basis. The material weakness did not result in any errors or a material misstatement to our interim or annual financial statements.

Under the oversight of the Audit Committee, in the fourth quarter of 2024, we completed the remediation of the material weakness described above by redesigning certain
processes and controls related to authorization and execution of derivative contracts in Brazil and enhancing the supervision and review activities related to trading in derivative contracts in Brazil. Management supervised the evaluation of the
remediation measures implemented by the Company. Based on this evaluation, including testing the effectiveness of the controls addressing the material weakness, management have concluded that the previously identified material weakness relating to
the effectiveness of its ICFR described above has been remediated as at December 31, 2024.

Nutrien Annual Report
2024 |
69

Overview   MD&A   Five-year highlights   Financial statements and notes
Results

FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS

Certain statements and other information included in this document, including within the “2025 Guidance” section and the “Market outlook” sections
for each segment, constitute “forward-looking information” or “forward-looking statements” (collectively, “forward-looking statements”) under applicable securities laws (such statements are often accompanied by words
such as “anticipate”, “forecast”, “expect”, “believe”, “may”, “will”, “should”, “estimate”, “project”, “intend” or other similar words). All
statements in this document, other than those relating to historical information or current conditions, are forward-looking statements, including, but not limited to: Nutrien’s business strategies, plans, prospects and opportunities;
Nutrien’s 2025 annual guidance, including expectations regarding our Retail adjusted EBITDA, Potash sales volumes, Nitrogen sales volumes, Phosphate sales volumes, depreciation and amortization, finance costs, effective tax rate on adjusted
earnings and capital expenditures; our 2025 adjusted EBITDA and adjusted earnings per share sensitivity analysis; our belief that Nutrien’s production assets are positioned to generate significant cash flow and the resulting benefits thereof;
expectations regarding 2025 annual consolidated cost savings, Nutrien’s 2026 targets, including with respect to Retail adjusted EBITDA, Potash sales volumes, Nitrogen sales volumes, annual consolidated cost savings, Potash ore tonnes mined
using automation, Ammonia operating rate, Phosphate operating rate and supply chain optimization and efficiency run-rate value; Nutrien’s market outlook for 2025 and the projections and expectations related thereto; expectations regarding our
capital allocation strategies, including with respect to investments that enhance utilization rates, reliability and efficiency of our assets, maintaining a strong and flexible balance sheet with a targeted average adjusted net debt to adjusted
EBITDA leverage ratio of 3:1, returning capital to shareholders through share repurchases and dividends and investment in high-value opportunities to generate significant long-term returns; our ability to advance strategic priorities and high value
growth investments; capital spending expectations for 2025 and beyond, including spending related to advancement of proprietary products, network optimization and digital capabilities in Retail, expanding and optimizing our downstream business,
enabling digital solutions and competitive financing through Nutrien Financial, automation in Potash mining, and brownfield expansions in Nitrogen; expectations regarding our ability to generate cash flow and return capital to our shareholders,
including our expectations regarding share repurchases and stable and growing dividends; expectations that internally generated cash flow, as supplemented by new and existing financing sources, will be sufficient to meet our anticipated future cash
requirements; expectations regarding performance of our operating segments in 2025, including volume growth in existing Potash and Nitrogen upstream assets and enhanced margins and earnings growth in Retail; our operating segment market outlooks and
our expectations for market conditions, fundamentals and trends in 2025 and beyond, including agriculture and crop nutrient markets and global energy supply, the anticipated supply and demand for our products and services, expected market, industry
and growing conditions with respect to crop nutrient application rates, planted acres, farmer crop investment, crop mix, including the need to replenish soil nutrient levels, production volumes and expenses, shipments, natural gas costs and
availability, consumption, prices, operating rates, the impact of seasonality, import and export volumes, tariffs, trade or export restrictions, economic sanctions and restrictions, operating rates, inventories, crop development, natural gas
curtailments in Trinidad and elsewhere, and global population growth expectations; expectations concerning future product offerings; expectations regarding environmental compliance requirements and costs; the negotiation of sales and other
contracts, including the expiry of existing contracts; acquisitions and divestitures and the anticipated benefits thereof; and expectations in connection with our ability to deliver long-term returns to shareholders. These forward-looking statements
are subject to a number of assumptions, risks and uncertainties, many of which are beyond our control, which could cause actual results to differ materially from such forward-looking statements. As such, undue reliance should not be placed on these
forward-looking statements.

All of the forward-looking statements are qualified by the assumptions that are stated or inherent in such forward-looking statements,
including the assumptions referred to below and elsewhere in this document. Although we believe that these assumptions are reasonable, having regard to our experience and our perception of historical trends, the assumptions set forth below are not
exhaustive of the factors that may affect any of the forward-looking statements and the reader should not place undue reliance on these assumptions and such forward-looking statements. Current conditions, economic and otherwise, render assumptions,
although reasonable when made, subject to greater uncertainty.

Key assumptions that have been made in relation to the operation of our business as currently planned
and our ability to achieve our business objectives include, among other things, assumptions with respect to our ability to successfully implement our business strategies, growth and capital allocation investments and initiatives that we will conduct
our operations and achieve results of operations as anticipated; our ability to successfully complete, integrate and realize the anticipated benefits of our already completed and future acquisitions and divestitures, and that we will be able to
implement our standards, controls, procedures and policies in respect of any acquired businesses and realize the expected synergies on the anticipated timeline or at all; that future business, regulatory and industry conditions will be within the
parameters expected by us, including with respect to prices, expenses, margins, demand, supply, product availability, shipments, consumption, weather conditions, including the current La Niña weather pattern, supplier agreements, product
distribution agreements, availability, inventory levels, exports, tariffs, including general or retaliatory tariffs, trade restrictions, international trade arrangements, crop development and cost of labor and interest, exchange and effective tax
rates; assumptions with respect to global economic conditions and the accuracy of our market outlook expectations for 2025 and in the future; assumptions related to our assessment of recoverable amount estimates of our assets, including in relation
to our Retail – Brazil asset impairments; potash demand growth in offshore markets and normalization of Canpotex port operations; our intention to complete share repurchases under our normal course issuer bid programs, including TSX approval,
the funding of such share repurchases, existing and future market

70
 | Nutrien Annual Report
2024

Overview   MD&A   Five-year highlights   Financial statements and notes
Results

conditions, including with respect to the price of our common shares, capital allocation priorities, and compliance with respect to applicable limitations under securities laws and regulations
and stock exchange policies; assumptions related to our ability to fund our dividends at the current level and at increased levels in the future; our expectations regarding the impacts, direct and indirect, of certain geopolitical conflicts,
including the war in Eastern Europe and the conflict in the Middle East on, among other things, global supply and demand, including for crop nutrients, energy and commodity prices, global interest rates, supply chains and the global macroeconomic
environment, including inflation; the adequacy of our cash generated from operations and our ability to access our credit facilities or capital markets for additional sources of financing; our ability to identify suitable candidates for acquisitions
and divestitures and negotiate acceptable terms; availability of investment opportunities that align with our strategic priorities and growth strategy; our ability to maintain investment grade ratings and achieve our performance targets; our ability
to successfully negotiate sales and other contracts; and our ability to successfully implement new initiatives and programs. In respect of our 2026 Potash sales volume target, we have made assumptions with respect to, among other things: market
conditions, fertilizer and commodity prices, supply and demand, capital availability, logistics, our ability to maintain market share and that potash operations will operate within expectations. In respect of 2026 nitrogen sales volume target, we
have made assumptions with respect to, among other things: market conditions, fertilizer and commodity prices, supply and demand, capital availability, natural gas availability, timely execution of expansion projects and reliability.

Events or circumstances could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements. With respect to our business generally and our
ability to meet other targets, commitments, goals, strategies and related milestones and schedules disclosed in this document, such events or circumstances include, but are not limited to: general global economic, market and business conditions;
failure to achieve expected results of our business strategy, capital allocation initiatives or results of operations or targets, such as our targeted $200 million in annual consolidated cost savings, expected capital expenditures in 2025,
delivering upstream fertilizer sales volume growth and advancing high return downstream Retail growth opportunities; failure to complete announced and future acquisitions or divestitures at all or on the expected terms and within the expected
timeline; seasonality; climate change and weather conditions, including the current La Niña weather pattern, and impacts from regional flooding and/or drought conditions; crop planted acreage, yield and prices; the supply and demand and price
levels for our products; governmental and regulatory requirements and actions by governmental authorities, including changes in government policy (including in respect of general or retaliatory tariffs, export restrictions and climate change
initiatives), government ownership requirements, and changes in environmental, tax, antitrust, and other laws or regulations and the interpretation thereof; trade restrictions, including the imposition of any tariffs, or other changes to
international trade arrangements; the effects of current and future international trade agreements or other developments affecting the level of global trade; political or military risks, including civil unrest, actions by armed groups or conflict
and malicious acts including terrorism and industrial espionage; our ability to access sufficient, cost-effective and timely transportation, distribution and storage of products (including potential rail transportation and port disruptions due to
labor strikes and/or work stoppages or other similar actions); the occurrence of a major environmental or safety incident or becoming subject to legal or regulatory proceedings; innovation and cybersecurity risks related to our systems, including
our costs of addressing or mitigating such risks; counterparty and sovereign risk; delays in completion of turnarounds at our major facilities or challenges related to our major facilities that are out of our control; interruptions of or constraints
in availability of key inputs, including natural gas and sulfur; any significant impairment of the carrying amount of certain assets; the risk that rising interest rates and/or deteriorated business operating results may result in the further
impairment of assets or goodwill attributed to certain CGUs; risks related to reputational loss; certain complications that may arise in our mining processes; the ability to attract, engage and retain skilled employees and strikes or other forms of
work stoppages; geopolitical conflicts, including the war in Eastern Europe and the conflict in the Middle East, and their potential impact on, among other things, global market conditions and supply and demand, including for crop nutrients, energy
and commodity prices, interest rates, supply chains and the global economy generally; our ability to execute on our strategies related to environmental, social and governance matters, and achieve related expectations, targets and commitments,
including risks associated with disclosure thereof; and other risk factors detailed from time to time in Nutrien reports filed with the Canadian securities regulators and the SEC in the US.

The purpose of our 2025 Retail adjusted EBITDA, depreciation and amortization, finance costs, effective tax rate on adjusted earnings and capital expenditures guidance
ranges are to assist readers in understanding our expected and targeted financial results, and this information may not be appropriate for other purposes.

The
forward-looking statements in this document are made as of the date hereof and Nutrien disclaims any intention or obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements in this document as a result of new information or future events, except
as may be required under applicable Canadian securities legislation or applicable US federal securities laws. Any forward-looking statements contained herein are expressly qualified by this cautionary statement.

Nutrien Annual Report
2024 |
71

Overview   MD&A   Five-year highlights   Financial statements and notes
Results

APPENDICES

Non-GAAP
 financial measures

We use both IFRS measures and certain
non-GAAP
 financial measures to assess performance.

Non-GAAP
 financial measures are financial measures disclosed by the Company that: (a) depict historical or expected future financial performance, financial position or cash flow of the Company;
(b) with respect to their composition, exclude amounts that are included in, or include amounts that are excluded from, the composition of the most directly comparable financial measure disclosed in the primary financial statements of the
Company; (c) are not disclosed in the financial statements of the Company; and (d) are not a ratio, fraction, percentage or similar representation.
Non-GAAP
 ratios are financial measures disclosed by
the Company that are in the form of a ratio, fraction, percentage or similar representation that has a
non-GAAP
 financial measure as one or more of its components, and that are not disclosed in the financial
statements of the Company.

These
non-GAAP
 financial measures and
non-GAAP
 ratios are
not standardized financial measures

under IFRS and, therefore, are unlikely to be comparable to similar financial measures presented by other companies. Management
believes these
non-GAAP
 financial measures and
non-GAAP
 ratios provide transparent and useful supplemental information to help investors evaluate our financial
performance, financial condition and liquidity using the same measures as management. These
non-GAAP
 financial measures and
non-GAAP
 ratios should not be considered as a
substitute for, or superior to, measures of financial performance prepared in accordance with IFRS.

The following section outlines our

non-GAAP
 financial measures and
non-GAAP
 ratios, their compositions, and why management uses each measure. It also includes reconciliations to the most directly
comparable IFRS measures. Except as otherwise described herein, our
non-GAAP
 financial measures and
non-GAAP
 ratios are calculated on a consistent basis from period to
period and are adjusted for specific items in each period, as applicable. As additional
non-recurring
 or unusual items arise in the future, we generally exclude these items in our calculations.

Adjusted EBITDA (consolidated)

Most directly comparable IFRS financial
measure:
 Net earnings (loss).

Definition:
 Adjusted EBITDA is calculated as net earnings (loss) before finance costs, income taxes, depreciation and
amortization, share-based compensation and certain foreign exchange gain/loss (net of related derivatives). We also adjust this measure for the following other income and expenses that are excluded when management evaluates the performance of our
day-to-day
 operations: integration and restructuring related costs, impairment or reversal of impairment of assets, gain or loss on disposal of certain businesses and
investments, asset retirement obligations (“ARO”) and accrued environmental costs (“ERL”) related to our
non-operating
 sites, and loss related to financial instruments in Argentina.

Why we use the measure and why it is useful to investors:
 It is not impacted by long-term investment and financing decisions, but rather focuses on the performance
of our
day-to-day
 operations. It provides a measure of our ability to service debt and to meet other payment obligations and as a component of employee remuneration
calculations.

($ millions)   2024   2023
Net earnings   700   1,282
Finance costs   720   793
Income tax expense   436   670
Depreciation and amortization   2,339   2,169
EBITDA 1   4,195   4,914
Adjustments:
Share-based compensation expense (recovery)   37   (14   )
Foreign exchange loss, net of related derivatives   360   91
ARO/ERL related expenses for non-operating sites   151   152
Loss related to financial instruments in Argentina   35   92
Restructuring costs   47   49
Impairment of assets   530   774
Adjusted EBITDA   5,355   6,058

1   EBITDA is calculated as net earnings before finance costs, income taxes, and depreciation and amortization.

72
 | Nutrien Annual Report
2024

Overview   MD&A   Five-year highlights   Financial statements and notes
Results

Adjusted net earnings and adjusted net earnings per share

Most directly comparable IFRS financial measure:
 Net earnings (loss) and diluted net earnings (loss) per share.

Definition:
Adjusted net earnings and related per share information are calculated as net earnings (loss) before share-based compensation and certain foreign
exchange gain/loss (net of related derivatives), net of tax. We also adjust this measure for the following other income and expenses (net of tax) that are excluded when management evaluates the performance of our
day-to-day
 operations: certain integration and restructuring related costs, impairment or reversal of impairment of assets, gain or loss on disposal of certain businesses and investments, gain or loss on
early extinguishment of debt or on settlement of derivatives due to discontinuance of hedge accounting, asset retirement obligations and accrued environmental costs related to our
non-operating
 sites, loss
related to financial instruments in Argentina, change in recognition of tax losses and deductible temporary differences related to impairments and certain changes to tax declarations. We generally apply the annual forecasted effective tax rate to
specific adjustments during the year, and at
year-end,
 we apply the actual effective tax rate.

Why we use the measure and
why it is useful to investors:
Focuses on the performance of our
day-to-day
 operations and is used as a component of employee remuneration calculations.

2024   2023
($ millions, except as otherwise noted)   Increases (decreases)   Post-tax   Per diluted share   Increases (decreases)   Post-tax   Per diluted share
Net earnings attributable to equity holders of Nutrien   674   1.36   1,258   2.53
Adjustments:
Share-based compensation expense (recovery)   37   27   0.05   (14   )   (11   )   (0.02   )
Foreign exchange loss, net of related derivatives   360   346   0.70   91   83   0.17
Restructuring costs   47   38   0.08   49   40   0.08
Impairment of assets   530   492   1.00   774   702   1.42
ARO/ERL related expenses for non-operating sites   151   106   0.21   152   110   0.22
Loss related to financial instruments in Argentina   35   35   0.07   92   92   0.18
Swiss Tax Reform adjustment   –   –   –   (134   )   (134   )   (0.27   )
Change in recognition of deferred tax
assets   –   –   –   66   66   0.13
Sub-total adjustments   1,160   1,044   2.11   1,076   948   1.91
Adjusted net earnings   1,718   3.47   2,206   4.44

Effective tax rate on adjusted net earnings

Effective tax rate on adjusted net earnings guidance is a forward-looking
non-GAAP
 financial measure as it includes adjusted net
earnings, which is a
non-GAAP
 financial measure. It is provided to assist readers in understanding our expected financial results. Effective tax rate on adjusted net earnings guidance excludes certain items
that management is aware of that permit management to focus on the performance of our operations (see the Adjusted Net Earnings and Adjusted Net Earnings Per Share section for items generally adjusted). We do not provide a reconciliation of this
forward-looking measure to the most directly comparable financial measures calculated and presented in accordance with IFRS because a meaningful or accurate calculation of reconciling items and the information is not available without unreasonable
effort due to unknown variables, including the timing and amount of certain reconciling items, and the uncertainty related to future results. These unknown variables may include unpredictable transactions of significant value that may be inherently
difficult to determine without unreasonable efforts. The probable significance of such unavailable information, which could be material to future results, cannot be addressed.

Effective tax rate on adjusted net earnings ratio is calculated as adjusted income tax expense divided by adjusted earnings before income taxes. We use this measure to
provide the actual result for a previously disclosed forward-looking effective tax rate on adjusted net earnings guidance.

(millions of US dollars, except as otherwise noted)   2024
Earnings before income taxes   1,136
Adjustments 1   1,160
Adjusted earnings before income taxes   2,296
Income tax expense   436
Adjustments 2   116
Adjusted income tax expense   552
Effective tax rate on adjusted net earnings
(%)   24.1

1   Calculated as sum of pre-tax adjustments noted in the Adjusted Net Earnings section.

2   Calculated as difference between the sum of pre-tax and post-tax adjustments noted in the Adjusted Net Earnings section.

Gross margin excluding depreciation and amortization per tonne – manufactured product

Most directly comparable IFRS financial measure:
 Gross margin.

Definition:
 Gross margin per tonne less depreciation and amortization per tonne for manufactured products. Reconciliations are provided in the “Results”
section.

Why we use the measure and why it is useful to investors:
 Focuses on the performance of our
day-to-day
 operations, which excludes the effects of items that primarily reflect the impact of long-term investment and financing decisions.

Nutrien Annual Report
2024 |
73

Overview   MD&A   Five-year highlights   Financial statements and notes
Results

Potash controllable cash cost of product manufactured
(“COPM”) per tonne

Most directly comparable IFRS financial measure:
 Cost of goods sold (“COGS”) for the Potash segment.

Definition:
 Total Potash COGS excluding depreciation and amortization expense included in COPM, royalties, natural gas costs and carbon taxes, change in inventory,
and other adjustments, divided by potash production tonnes.

Why we use the measure and why it is useful to investors:
 To assess operational performance.
Potash controllable cash COPM excludes the effects of production from other periods and the impacts of our long-term investment decisions, supporting a focus on the performance of our

day-to-day
 operations. Potash controllable cash COPM also excludes royalties and natural gas costs and carbon taxes, which management does not consider controllable, as
they are primarily driven by regulatory and market conditions.

($ millions, except as otherwise noted)   2024   2023
Total COGS – Potash   1,448   1,396
Change in inventory   36   (40   )
Other adjustments 1   (21   )   (26   )
COPM   1,463   1,330
Depreciation and amortization in COPM   (581   )   (427   )
Royalties in COPM   (79   )   (100   )
Natural gas costs and carbon taxes in
COPM   (36   )   (46   )
Controllable cash COPM   767   757
Production tonnes (tonnes –
thousands)   14,205   12,998
Potash controllable cash COPM per tonne   54   58

1   Other adjustments include unallocated production overhead that is recognized as part of cost of goods sold but is not
included in the measurement of inventory and changes in inventory balances.

Ammonia controllable cash COPM per tonne

Most directly comparable IFRS financial measure:
 Total manufactured COGS for the Nitrogen segment.

Definition:
 Total Nitrogen COGS excluding depreciation and amortization expense included in COGS, cash COGS for products other than ammonia, other adjustments, and
natural gas and steam costs, divided by net ammonia production tonnes.

Why we use the measure and why it is useful to investors:
 To assess operational
performance. Ammonia controllable cash COPM excludes the effects of production from other periods, the costs of natural gas and steam, and long-term investment decisions, supporting a focus on the performance of our
day-to-day
 operations.

($ millions, except as otherwise noted)   2024   2023
Total Manufactured COGS – Nitrogen 1   2,282   2,435
Total Other COGS – Nitrogen 1   253   393
Total COGS – Nitrogen   2,535   2,828
Depreciation and amortization in COGS   (483   )   (474   )
Cash COGS for products other than
ammonia   (1,450   )   (1,693   )
Ammonia
Total cash COGS before other adjustments   602   661
Other adjustments 1   (165   )   (222   )
Total cash COPM   437   439
Natural gas and steam costs in COPM   (292   )   (304   )
Controllable cash COPM   145   135
Production tonnes (net tonnes 2 – thousands)   2,372   2,276
Ammonia controllable cash COPM per tonne   61   60

1   Other adjustments include unallocated production overhead that is recognized as part of cost of goods sold but is not
included in the measurement of inventory and changes in inventory balances.

2   Ammonia tonnes available for sale, as not upgraded to other nitrogen products.

74
 | Nutrien Annual Report
2024

Overview   MD&A   Five-year highlights   Financial statements and notes
Results

Retail adjusted average working capital to sales and retail
adjusted average working capital to sales excluding Nutrien Financial

Definition:
 Retail adjusted average working capital divided by Retail adjusted sales
for the last four rolling quarters. We exclude in our calculations the sales and working capital of certain acquisitions during the first year following the acquisition. We also look at this metric excluding Nutrien Financial revenue and working
capital.

Why we use the measure and why it is useful to investors:
 To evaluate operational efficiency. A lower or higher percentage represents increased or
decreased efficiency, respectively. The metric excluding Nutrien Financial shows the impact that the working capital of Nutrien Financial has on the ratio.

($ millions, except as otherwise noted)   2024   2023
Average current assets   10,981   11,470
Average current liabilities   7,424   7,666
Average working capital   3,557   3,804
Average working capital from certain recent
acquisitions   –   –
Adjusted average working capital   3,557   3,804
Average Nutrien Financial working
capital   (3,561   )   (3,561   )
Adjusted average working capital excluding
Nutrien Financial   (4   )   243
Sales   17,832   19,542
Sales from certain recent acquisitions   –   –
Adjusted sales   17,832   19,542
Nutrien Financial revenue   (361   )   (322   )
Adjusted sales excluding Nutrien
Financial   17,471   19,220
Adjusted average working capital to sales (%)   20   19
Adjusted average working capital to sales excluding Nutrien Financial
(%)   –   1

Nutrien Financial adjusted net interest margin

Definition:
 Nutrien Financial revenue less deemed interest expense divided by average Nutrien Financial net receivables outstanding for the last four rolling
quarters.

Why we use the measure and why it is useful to investors:
 Used by credit rating agencies and others to evaluate the financial performance of Nutrien
Financial.

($ millions, except as otherwise noted)   2024   2023
Nutrien Financial revenue   361   322
Deemed interest expense 1   (174   )   (136   )
Net interest   187   186
Average Nutrien Financial net
receivables   3,561   3,561
Nutrien Financial adjusted net interest margin
(%)   5.3   5.2

1   Average borrowing rate applied to the notional debt required to fund the portfolio of receivables from customers monitored
and serviced by Nutrien Financial.

Nutrien Annual Report
2024 |
75

Overview   MD&A   Five-year highlights   Financial statements and notes
Results

Retail cash operating coverage ratio

Definition:
 Retail selling, general and administrative, and other expenses (income), excluding depreciation and amortization expense, divided by Retail gross
margin excluding depreciation and amortization expense in cost of goods sold, for the last four rolling quarters.

Why we use the measure and why it is useful to
investors:
 To understand the costs and underlying economics of our Retail operations and to assess our Retail operating performance and ability to generate cash flow.

($ millions, except as otherwise noted)   2024   2023
Selling expenses   3,418   3,375
General and administrative expenses   191   217
Other expenses   87   158
Operating expenses   3,696   3,750
Depreciation and amortization in operating
expenses   (751   )   (749   )
Operating expenses excluding depreciation and
amortization   2,945   3,001
Gross margin   4,621   4,430
Depreciation and amortization in cost of goods
sold   20   10
Gross margin excluding depreciation and
amortization   4,641   4,440
Cash operating coverage ratio (%)   63   68

Return on invested capital (“ROIC”)

Definition:
ROIC is calculated as net operating profit after taxes divided by the average invested capital for the last four rolling quarters.

Net operating profit after taxes, a
non-GAAP
 financial measure, is calculated as earnings before finance costs and income taxes,
depreciation and amortization related to the fair value adjustments as a result of the Merger (the merger of equals transaction between PotashCorp and Agrium), share-based compensation, and certain foreign exchange gain/loss (net of related
derivatives) and Nutrien Financial earnings before finance costs and income taxes. The most directly comparable IFRS financial measure to net operating profit after taxes is earnings before finance costs and income taxes. We also adjust this measure
for the following other income and expenses that are excluded when management evaluates the performance of our
day-to-day
 operations: integration and restructuring
related costs, impairment or reversal of impairment of assets, gain or loss on disposal of certain businesses and investments, and IFRS adoption transition adjustments. A tax rate of 25 percent is applied on the calculated amount. Prior to
2023, we were adjusting for Nutrien Financial revenue; however, in 2023, we updated our calculation to adjust for Nutrien Financial earnings before finance costs and income taxes to further refine our calculations.

Invested capital is calculated as last four rolling quarter average of total assets less cash and cash equivalents; payables and accrued charges; Merger fair value
adjustments on goodwill, intangible assets, and property, plant and equipment; and average Nutrien Financial working capital.

We exclude in our calculations the
related financial information of certain acquisitions during the first year following the acquisition.

76
 | Nutrien Annual Report
2024

Overview   MD&A   Five-year highlights   Financial statements and notes
Results

Why we use the measure and why it is useful to
investors:
 ROIC provides useful information to evaluate how efficiently we allocate our capital and is used as a component of employee remuneration calculations.

($ millions, except as otherwise noted)   2024   2023
Earnings before finance costs and income taxes   1,856   2,745
Merger adjustments 1   216   194
Restructuring costs   47   49
Share-based compensation expense (recovery)   37   (14   )
Impairment (reversal of impairment) of assets   530   774
ARO/ERL related expense for non-operating sites   151   152
Foreign exchange loss, net of related derivatives   360   91
Loss related to financial instruments in Argentina   35   92
Nutrien Financial earnings before finance costs
and income taxes   (170   )   (127   )
Net operating profit   3,062   3,956
Tax (calculated at 25%)   766   989
Net operating profit after tax   2,296   2,967

($ millions, except as otherwise noted)   2024   2023
Average total assets   52,579   53,874
Average cash and cash equivalents   (718   )   (926   )
Average payables and accrued charges   (8,547   )   (9,050   )
Average merger adjustments 1   (9,628   )   (9,896   )
Average Nutrien Financial receivables   (3,561   )   (3,561   )
Invested capital   30,125   30,441
Return on invested capital (%)   8   10

1   Depreciation and amortization related to the fair value adjustments as a result of the Merger.

Nutrien Annual Report
2024 |
77

Overview   MD&A   Five-year highlights   Financial statements and notes
Results

Other financial measures

Supplementary financial measures

Supplementary financial measures are financial measures disclosed by the Company that: (a) are, or are intended to be, disclosed on a periodic basis to depict the
historical or expected future financial performance, financial position or cash flow of the Company; (b) are not disclosed in the financial statements of the Company; (c) are not
non-GAAP
 financial
measures; and (d) are not
non-GAAP
 ratios.

Sustaining capital expenditures:
 Represents capital expenditures that
are required to sustain operations at existing levels and include major repairs and maintenance and plant turnarounds.

Investing capital expenditures:

Represents capital expenditures related to significant expansions of current operations or to create cost savings (synergies). Investing capital expenditures excludes capital outlays for business acquisitions and equity-accounted investees.

Mine development and
pre-stripping
 capital expenditures:
 Represents capital expenditures that are required for activities
to open new areas underground and/or develop a mine or ore body to allow for future production mining and activities required to prepare and/or access the ore, i.e., removal of an overburden that allows access to the ore.

Cash used for dividends and share repurchases:
 Calculated as dividends paid to Nutrien’s shareholders plus repurchase of common shares as reflected in the
consolidated statements of cash flows. This measure is useful as it represents return of capital to shareholders.

Capital management measures

Capital management measures are financial measures disclosed by the Company that: (a) are intended to enable an individual to evaluate the Company’s
objectives, policies and processes for managing the Company’s capital; (b) are not a component of a line item disclosed in the primary financial statements of the Company; (c) are disclosed in the notes of the financial statements of
the Company; and (d) are not disclosed in the primary financial statements of the Company.

The following section outlines our capital management measure, its
composition and why management uses the measure.

Adjusted net debt to adjusted EBITDA:
Calculated as adjusted net debt to adjusted EBITDA. Both components are

non-GAAP
 financial measures. This ratio measures financial leverage and our ability to pay our debt.

The most directly
comparable measure for adjusted net debt is total short-term and long-term debt and lease liabilities less cash and cash equivalents and is defined as the total of short-term and long-term debt plus lease liabilities less cash and cash equivalents
and unamortized fair value adjustments. This measure is useful as it adjusts for the unamortized fair value adjustments that arose at the time of the Merger and is
non-cash
 in nature.

($ millions, except as otherwise noted)   2024   2023
Short-term debt   1,534   1,815
Current portion of long-term debt   1,037   512
Current portion of lease liabilities   356   327
Long-term debt   8,881   8,913
Lease liabilities   999   999
Total debt   12,807   12,566
Cash and cash equivalents   (853   )   (941   )
Unamortized fair value adjustments   (276   )   (294   )
Adjusted net debt   11,678   11,331

78
 | Nutrien Annual Report
2024

TERMS AND DEFINITIONS

Terms
AECO   Alberta Energy Company, Canada
ABARES   Australian Bureau of Agricultural and Resource Economics and Sciences
AgbioInvestor   AgbioInvestor, UK
Argus   Argus Media group, UK
Bloomberg   Bloomberg Finance L.P., USA
Conab   The National Supply Company (CONAB) is a public company under the Ministry of Agriculture, Livestock and Food Supply – MAPA.
CME   Chicago Mercantile Exchange
Croplife   Croplife Media Group, USA
CRU   CRU International Ltd., UK
ICE   Intercontinental Exchange
IFA   International Fertilizer Association
IMEA   Mato Grosso Institute of Agricultural Economics
Moody’s   Moody’s Corporation (NYSE: MCO), USA
NYMEX   New York Mercantile Exchange, USA
NYSE   New York Stock Exchange, USA
S&P   S&P Global Inc., USA
SPGCI   S&P Global Commodity Insights
StatsCan   Statistics Canada
TFI   The Fertilizer Institute, USA
TTF   Title Transfer Facility
TSX   Toronto Stock Exchange, Canada
USDA   United States Department of Agriculture, USA
WASDE   World Agriculture Supply and Demand Estimates, USA
AUD   Australian dollar
BRL   Brazilian real
CAD   Canadian dollar
USD   United States dollar

Scientific terms
Potash   KCl   potassium chloride, 60–63.2% K 2 O (solid)
Nitrogen   CO 2   carbon dioxide
CO 2 e   carbon dioxide equivalent
DEF   diesel exhaust fluid

126 | Nutrien Annual Report 2024

Scientific terms
ESN ®   Environmentally Smart Nitrogen ® , 44% nitrogen
UAN   urea ammonium nitrate solution, 28–32% N (liquid)
Phosphate   AS   ammonium sulfate (solid)
DAP   diammonium phosphate, 46% P 2 O 5 (solid)
MAP   monoammonium phosphate, 52% P 2 O 5 (solid)
MGA   merchant grade acid, 54% P 2 O 5 (liquid)
MST   micronized sulfur technology, P + S
P 2 O 5   diphosphorus pentoxide
SPA   superphosphoric acid, 70% P 2 O 5 (liquid)

Product measures
K 2 O tonne   Measures the potassium content of products having different chemical analyses
Mmt   Million metric tonnes
MMBtu   Metric Million British thermal units
P 2 O 5 tonne   Measures the phosphorus content of products having different chemical analyses
Product tonne   Standard measure of the weights of all types of potash, nitrogen and phosphate products

Definitions
Brownfield   New project expanding or developing an existing facility or operation.
CCUS   Carbon capture, utilization and storage. Process by which CO 2 produced from various industrial processes is
captured and either utilized for further industrial processes or transported to a permanent storage location to prevent release into the atmosphere.
Capital expenditures   Represents the sum of: sustaining capital expenditures, investing capital expenditures and mine development and pre-stripping capital expenditures. See the “Other Financial Measures” section.
Clean ammonia   Ammonia made with direct GHG emissions reduced by at least 90 percent compared to a conventional process, produced from hydrogen obtained using the next generation
of ammonia production technology, such as auto-thermal reforming or water electrolysis with renewable power; this definition does not include end product use.
Community investment   Represents cash disbursements, matching of employee gifts and in-kind contributions of equipment, goods and services, and
employee volunteerism (on corporate time).
Compound annual growth rate   Represents the rate of return that would be required for an investment to grow from its beginning balance to its ending balance assuming the profits were reinvested at
the end of each year of the investment’s lifespan.
EBITDA   Calculated as net earnings (loss) before finance costs, income taxes and depreciation and amortization.
Greenfield   New project on a previously undeveloped site.
Greenhouse gas (“GHG”)   Gases that contribute to the greenhouse effect and global warming by trapping heat in the atmosphere. These gases include those outlined by the Kyoto Protocol and
covered under the Greenhouse Gas Protocol Accounting and Reporting Standards. They include the following seven major greenhouse gases: carbon dioxide (CO 2 ), methane (CH 4 ), nitrous oxide (N 2 O), sulfur hexafluoride (SF 6 ), perfluorocarbons (PFC’s),
hydrofluorocarbons (HFC’s), and nitrogen trifluoride (NF 3 ),
Latin America   South America, Central America, Caribbean and Mexico.
Lost-time injury frequency   Total lost-time injuries for every 200,000 hours worked for all Nutrien employees, contractors and others on site. Calculated as the total lost-time injuries multiplied
by 200,000 hours worked divided by the actual number of hours worked.

Nutrien Annual Report 2024 | 127

Definitions
Low-carbon ammonia   Ammonia made with direct GHG emissions typically reduced by approximately 60 percent but up to 80 percent compared to a conventional process, produced by
primarily using carbon capture, utilization and storage (“CCUS”) or other low-emission production technologies; this definition does not include end product use.
Merger   The merger of equals transaction between PotashCorp and Agrium completed effective January 1, 2018, pursuant to which PotashCorp and Agrium combined their
businesses pursuant to a statutory plan of arrangement under the Canada Business Corporations Act and became wholly owned subsidiaries of Nutrien Ltd.
North America   Canada and the US.
Offshore   All markets except Canada and the US.
Serious injury and fatality   A work-related fatality or life-altering injury/illness experienced by an employee or directly supervised contractor conducting work on behalf of Nutrien.
Scope 1   Direct greenhouse gas emissions produced by Nutrien owned or controlled facilities.
Scope 2   Indirect greenhouse gas emissions resulting from the generation of purchased or acquired electricity, heating, cooling and steam consumed by Nutrien owned or controlled
facilities.
Sustainable agriculture   Aims to increase farm productivity, support farmer profitability and livelihoods, and
foster environmental stewardship. * Developed in general alignment with the approach of the United Nations Food and Agriculture Organization.
Sustainable agriculture program acres   Acres participating in programs that track field-level data which can be analyzed for performance metrics that incentivize farmers to adopt practices and products
resulting in quantifiable, incremental benefits which may be verified. This is an annual calculation, not cumulative.
Total employee turnover rate   The number of permanent employees who left the Company due to voluntary and involuntary terminations, including retirements and deaths, as a percentage of average
permanent employees for the year.
Total recordable injury frequency   Total recordable injuries for every 200,000 hours worked for all Nutrien employees, contractors and others on site. Calculated as the total recordable injuries
multiplied by 200,000 hours worked divided by the actual number of hours worked.

128 | Nutrien Annual Report 2024
