DIPLOMA
DELIVERS




  Annual Report 2022
CO N T EN T S
Strategic Report
02 Diploma at a Glance
04 Highlights
06 What we do
14 Our Business Model
16 Chair’s Statement
18 CEO’s Review
22 Strategy
34 Delivering Value Responsibly
58 Key Performance Indicators
60 Sector Reviews
72 Section 172 Statement
76 Q&A With Our New CFO
77 Financial Review
80 Internal Control and Risk
    Management
89 Viability Statement

Governance
90 Chair’s Introduction to Governance
92 Governance at a Glance
94 Board of Directors
102 Audit Committee Report
108 Nomination Committee Report
114 Remuneration Committee Report
139 Directors’ Report

Financial Statements
142 Consolidated Income Statement
143 Consolidated Statement of
    Comprehensive Income
143 Consolidated Statement of
    Changes in Equity
144 Consolidated Statement of
    Financial Position
145 Consolidated Cash Flow Statement
146 Notes to the Consolidated
    Financial Statements
170 Group Accounting Policies
176 Parent Company Statement of
    Financial Position
176 Parent Company Statement of
    Changes in Equity
177 Notes to the Parent Company
    Financial Statements
179 Independent Auditors’ Report
187 Subsidiaries of Diploma PLC
190 Financial Calendar, Shareholder
    Information and Advisors
192 Five-Year Record
                                      E VERY THING WE D O IS
                                      DRIVEN BY OUR PURPOSE




                                      Our purpose is           Overview


                                      to consistently
                                      deliver value
                                      and reward our           Strategic Report

                                      stakeholders
                                      by making a
                                                               Corporate Governance
                                      difference to our
                                      colleagues, our
                                      customers and
                                      suppliers, and           Financial Statements



                                      our communities.
                                                               Other Information




01   Diploma PLC Annual Report 2022
DIPLOMA AT A GL ANCE




Diploma PLC is an international group distributing specialised
products and services to a wide range of end segments in our
three Sectors of Controls, Seals and Life Sciences.

We are a well-diversified and resilient business and our
decentralised model means our businesses are customer-
oriented, accountable and empowered to deliver.

OUR SEC TORS (RE VENUE)*


                                                             CO N T RO L S
                                                             The Controls Sector businesses supply
                                                             specialised wiring, cable, connectors,
                                                             fasteners, adhesives and devices used
                                                             in a range of technically demanding
                47% Controls                                 applications.
                35% Seals
                18% Life Sciences

                                                             SEALS
                                                             The Seals Sector businesses supply a range
                                                             of seals, gaskets, cylinders, components
                                                             and kits used in heavy mobile machinery
                                                             and a diverse range of fluid power products
                                                             with Aftermarket, OEM and MRO
                                                             applications.



                                                             LI FE S CI EN CE S
                                                             The Life Sciences Sector businesses supply
                                                             a range of equipment, consumables,
                                                             instrumentation and related services to
                                                             the Healthcare industry.


RE VENUE BY GEO GR APHY*




43% US
10% Canada
20% UK
17% Europe
10% Australia/other
* Pro forma revenue – assuming acquisitions and disposals concluded in the year had taken place at 1 October 2021.


02    Diploma PLC Annual Report 2022
Our businesses design their individual value-added business models to closely meet the

                                                                                                                                        Overview
requirements of their customers, offering a blend of high-quality customer service, deep
technical expertise and innovative solutions. Local cultures are created through our decentralised
management structure but we recognise a set of values that exist throughout the Group and
unite us as Diploma.

VALUE-ADD IS AT THE                          WE HAVE A DECENTR ALISED BUSINE SS MODEL
HE ART OF WHAT WE D O                        WITH SHARED AND ALIGNED VALUE S




                                                                                                                                        Strategic Report
  Technical expertise                              Continuous improvement                    Determined to get better
                                                                                             every day


  Service-led propositions                         Accountability                            Striving for high standards




                                                                                                                                        Corporate Governance
  Innovative solutions                             Respect                                   Doing the right thing




TR ACK RECORD OF COMPOUNDING GROW TH
Adjusted EPS (pence)




                                                                                                                                        Financial Statements
FY 07    FY 08   FY 09   FY 10   FY 11    FY 12     FY 13   FY 14   FY 15   FY 16   FY 17   FY 18   FY 19    FY 20    FY 21   FY 22


                                                                                                            2019–22 CAGR: 19%

                                                                                                                                107.5



                                                                                                                       85.2




                                                                                                                                        Other Information
                                         2007–18 CAGR: 14%
                                                                                                     64.3
                                                                                             56.4              56.4
                                                                                     49.9
                                                                             41.9
                                                             36.1    38.2
                                            33.1     34.8
                                  27.9
                          18.9
  14.0    16.4    14.8


                                                        15-year EPS CAGR: 15%


03   Diploma PLC Annual Report 2022
HIGHLIGHTS
Y E A R EN D ED 30 SEP TEM B ER 2022




FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE                                                                                     FOR OUR STAKEHOLDERS




15% 90%
Organic growth                                               Free cash flow conversion1                   Our Colleagues
                                                                                                          We have worked hard to retain
                                                                                                          great talent by engaging
                                                                                                          colleagues across the Group. Our
                                                                                                          Engagement Index is testament
                                                                                                          to our businesses’ efforts.
Model: 5%                                                    Model: ca.90%+




29% 1.4x
Reported revenue growth1                                     Net debt/EBITDA¹                             Our Customers
                                                                                                          Responsive customer service is
                                                                                                          one of the key ways that our
                                                                                                          businesses deliver value, we are
                                                                                                          proud that they are recognised
                                                                                                          by their customers.
Model: 10%+                                                  Model: <2.0x




18.9% 17.3%
Adjusted operating margin1                                   ROATCE1                                      Our Suppliers
                                                                                                          During the year, our businesses
                                                                                                          have engaged their key suppliers
                                                                                                          meaningfully on human rights,
                                                                                                          labour laws and the environment
                                                                                                          through our Supplier Code.
Model: 17%+                                                  Model: High teens




26% 2.0X
Adjusted EPS growth1                                         Dividend cover1                              Our Communities
                                                                                                          As a decentralised Group,
                                                                                                          we want to support the local
                                                                                                          communities and causes that
                                                                                                          matter most to our businesses.
                                                                                                          We will continue to match our
Model: double-digit                                          Model: ca. 2.0x                              businesses’ fundraising in FY23.


                                                             FY 2022            FY 2021        % change
Revenue                                                      £1,012.8m          £787.4m        +29%
Adjusted operating profit1                                   £191.2m            £148.7m        +29%
Statutory operating profit                                   £144.3m            £104.3m        +38%
Adjusted EPS                                                 107.5p             85.2p          +26%
Statutory EPS                                                76.1p              56.1p          +36%
DPS                                                          53.8p              42.6p          +26%
1 These alternative performance measures are defined in Note 27 to the financial statements.




04    Diploma PLC Annual Report 2022
                                             DIPLOMA                             Overview


                                             DELIVERS
 79%                                         FOR OUR
                                             STAKEHOLDERS
 Colleague Engagement Index




                                                                                 Strategic Report
“Since beginning a business
 relationship with Hercules OEM
 in 2003, we have seen a supplier            KE Y ELEM EN T S O F O U R
 relationship grow into a true               LO N G -T ER M VA LU E
                                             CR E AT I O N S TO RY
 partnership. Over the years the level
 of service has continued to excel.”         14   Our business model
                                             22   Our strategy




                                                                                 Corporate Governance
          Neptune, a Hercules OEM customer   34   Delivering value responsibly
                                             60   Sector reviews




 578
                                             90   Governance




                                                                                 Financial Statements
 Key suppliers identified




 75%
 Increase in donations to charity




                                                                                 Other Information




 05   Diploma PLC Annual Report 2022
WHAT WE D O




                         DIPLOMA DELIVERS


DIFFERENTIATED VALUE-
ADDED SOLUTIONS

Our value-add distribution model
underpins everything we do and
is the foundation of the Group’s
success. We supply products
and services critical to customer
needs. Our service component
builds loyalty and resilience,
pricing power and margins.



06   Diploma PLC Annual Report 2022
ESSENTIAL VALUES
RELATIONSHIPS
INNOVATIVE SOLUTIONS
CUSTOMER SERVICE                      Overview




CONSISTENTLY
FOR COLLEAGUES                        Strategic Report



TECHNICAL EXPERTISE
VALUE-ADD
                                      Corporate Governance
ORGANIC GROWTH
SCALE
RESPONSIBLY                           Financial Statements




POSITIVE IMPACT
BRILLIANT LEADERSHIP                  Other Information




FOR STAKEHOLDERS
EMPOWERED TEAMS
07   Diploma PLC Annual Report 2022
WHAT WE D O




                         DIPLOMA DELIVERS


SUSTAINABLE ORGANIC
GROW TH STR ATEGY

Organic growth is our number
one priority. All of our businesses
have fantastic opportunities.
We are focused on business
revenue diversification to drive
organic growth, build scale and
increase resilience. Operating
in fragmented markets, we also
seek to make complementary
acquisitions to accelerate
organic growth.



08   Diploma PLC Annual Report 2022
RELATIONSHIPS
BESPOKE SOLUTIONS
CUSTOMER SERVICE
CONSISTENTLY                          Overview




GREAT SERVICE
TECHNICAL EXPERTISE                   Strategic Report



VALUE-ADD
ORGANIC GROWTH
                                      Corporate Governance
SCALE
RESPONSIBLY
POSITIVE IMPACT                       Financial Statements




VALUE-ADD
ESSENTIAL VALUES                      Other Information




RELATIONSHIPS
BESPOKE SOLUTIONS
09   Diploma PLC Annual Report 2022
WHAT WE D O




                         DIPLOMA DELIVERS


SC ALING OUR VALUE-
ADDED MODEL

As our businesses grow and
scale, they need to evolve their
operating model to continue to
deliver their value-add customer
proposition. Alongside this, we are
quietly evolving the structures,
capability and culture of our
decentralised Group to support
the businesses on their journey
to scale.



10   Diploma PLC Annual Report 2022
BESPOKE SOLUTIONS
CUSTOMER SERVICE
CONSISTENTLY
GREAT SERVICE                         Overview




TECHNICAL EXPERTISE
VALUE-ADD                             Strategic Report



ORGANIC GROWTH
SCALE
                                      Corporate Governance
RESPONSIBLY
POSITIVE IMPACT
VALUE-ADD                             Financial Statements




ESSENTIAL VALUES
RELATIONSHIPS                         Other Information




BESPOKE SOLUTIONS
CUSTOMER SERVICE
11   Diploma PLC Annual Report 2022
WHAT WE D O




                         DIPLOMA DELIVERS


DELIVERING VALUE
RE SPONSIBLY
Delivering Value Responsibly,
our ESG framework, puts
environmental and social
impact at the forefront of our
strategy and culture. We are
focused on the key areas in
which we can make a difference
to our colleagues, customers
and suppliers, communities,
an1hareholders.



12   Diploma PLC Annual Report 2022
CUSTOMER SERVICE
CONSISTENTLY
GREAT SERVICE
TECHNICAL EXPERTISE                   Overview




VALUE-ADD
ORGANIC GROWTH                        Strategic Report



SCALE
RESPONSIBLY
                                      Corporate Governance
POSITIVE IMPACT
VALUE-ADD
ESSENTIAL VALUES                      Financial Statements




RELATIONSHIPS
BESPOKE SOLUTIONS                     Other Information




CUSTOMER SERVICE
CONSISTENTLY
13   Diploma PLC Annual Report 2022
OUR BUSINE SS MODEL




DRIVEN BY                              OUR VALUE-ADDED BUSINESSES
OUR PURPOSE




                                       Our businesses deliver value-added services
                                       and solutions to a wide range of customers and
                                       end segments. Our value-add component creates
                                       customer loyalty and share of wallet; reputation
                                       and market share growth; and pricing power
                                       and margin.

                                        Responsive customer service




     Our purpose
     is to consistently
                                        Technical expertise
     deliver value
     and reward our
     stakeholders by
     making a difference
     to our colleagues,
     our customers and
     suppliers, and our
     communities.                       Innovative, value-added solutions




                                        Brilliant leadership, strong
                                        culture and empowered teams




14    Diploma PLC Annual Report 2022
THE GROUP                                           WE DELIVER
                                                    FOR OUR
                                                    STAKEHOLDERS




                                                                                     Overview
As a customer-service organisation, our             Customers &
decentralised approach is central to our success.   Suppliers
The Group has an important role to play in          We work closely with >10,000
                                                    suppliers to deliver value-
supporting our businesses.                          added products and services
                                                    to our customers.




                                                                                     Strategic Report
                                                    Our Colleagues
     Build Diploma identity
                                                    Our colleagues are a priority.
                                                    We work hard to invest in,
                                                    engage and retain our talent
                                                    across the Group.

                                                    Group colleague




                                                    79%
                                                    Engagement Score of




                                                                                     Corporate Governance
     Set strategic, performance and
     DVR frameworks
                                                    Our Communities
                                                    We work to support the
                                                    local communities that
                                                    our businesses work within,
                                                    through responsible business




                                                                                     Financial Statements
                                                    governance, our DVR
                                                    framework and Group
                                                    fundmatching.
     Governance and execution


                                                    Our Shareholders
                                                    Strong performance that
                                                    builds on our track record
                                                    of consistent, compounding,




                                                                                     Other Information
                                                    long-term delivery




                                                    13%
                                                    EPS growth (10-year CAGR)
     Best practice guidelines and networks




15    Diploma PLC Annual Report 2022
CHAIR’S STATEMENT




Our businesses have strong cultures, but                                                        While we have much more to do, we are
                                                                                                increasingly leveraging the collective power
share the same inherent values – they are                                                       of the Group whilst maintaining local agility.

accountable, entrepreneurial and empowered                                                      Board changes
                                                                                                After nearly nine years on the Board, John
to deliver for their customers.                                                                 Nicholas stepped down from the role of
                                                                                                Chair and the Board in January 2022. The
                                                                                                Board and I would like to thank John for
It is a great pleasure to present my first      Ensuring the sustainability of our growth is    his support, and I look forward to building
statement as Chair of Diploma. As you           paramount, and the team has continued to        on all that he achieved during his tenure.
will see throughout this report, my first       build scale, investing across our businesses
year has covered a period of considerable       and the Group to ensure we can continue to      Barbara Gibbes stepped down from the
achievement and strategic progress. When        deliver for customers as we grow. Throughout    Board and the role of Chief Financial Officer
I was appointed, I felt proud to be joining     this, we remain financially disciplined,        on 30 September 2022. On behalf of the
an organisation with exciting opportunities,    maintaining high-teens ROATCE of 17.3%,         Board, I would like to thank Barbara for her
a differentiated value-added model              and our strong balance sheet allows us to       leadership and dedication. The Nomination
delivering sustainable growth and great         invest in growth. I would like to thank the     Committee led a thorough selection process
people. During my first year, I have not        management team and all of our businesses       and, in August 2022, we announced the
been disappointed – I have been impressed       for another great year at Diploma.              appointment of Chris Davies as Chief
by the power of our decentralised model                                                         Financial Officer. Chris joined us on
and the pride our employees take in their       Colleagues and culture                          1 November 2022, bringing a wealth of
jobs. Our businesses have strong cultures,      As a customer-service organisation, our         experience and an excellent track record
but share the same inherent values – they       colleagues are critical to our success. Since   of leadership in decentralised, service-led,
are accountable, entrepreneurial and            joining, I have really enjoyed visiting the     multinational organisations.
empowered to deliver critical services and      businesses and meeting colleagues. I have
products for their customers.                   been impressed by their commitment to           Two of our independent Non-Executive
                                                their customers, and the great sense of         Directors, Anne Thorburn and Andy Smith,
Very strong financial performance,              loyalty they feel for their businesses. This    are due to retire from the Board in 2024 at
excellent strategic progress                    is underlined by the very positive results of   the end of their third and final terms. As per
The Group has delivered another very strong     this year’s Colleague Engagement Survey.        our standing succession planning, we have
financial performance, with double-digit        The Board remains committed to ensuring         already commenced the search to ensure
organic revenue growth and consistent           Diploma is a diverse and inclusive              successors are appointed in time for an
strong operating margins translating into       organisation and is pleased to have set         orderly handover. Further information on
26% growth in adjusted earnings per share       targets for 2023 that we will continue to       this and the diversity of the Board can be
(EPS). Our 15% organic growth shows that        evolve and drive forward. I look forward        found in the Nomination Committee
our strategy and growth frameworks              to meeting more of our people in the            Report. It remains our intention that the
continue to produce results. We are also        year ahead.                                     diversity of the Board will increase over time.
seeing growth in a number of areas aligned
with positive impact, demonstrating that        Our Group Colleague Engagement Survey           Dividends
our businesses are embedding Delivering         continues to show excellent levels of           The Board has a progressive dividend policy
Value Responsibly, our ESG programme,           engagement. The learnings from this survey      that aims to increase the dividend each
into their commercial strategies. It has been   will inform future actions and activity to      year, broadly in line with growth in adjusted
another busy year for acquisitions, with        ensure colleagues continue to view Diploma      EPS. The combination of very strong results
seven high-quality businesses joining the       as a great place to work. The results and       and free cash generation, supported
Group; these will accelerate our future         learnings were also discussed by the Board,     by a robust balance sheet, has led the
organic growth. In particular, I am very        helping to shape and inform our views on        Board to recommend a 29% increase in
pleased to welcome Accuscience and R&G          culture and diversity.                          the final dividend to 38.8p (2021: 30.1p)
Fluid Power Group, both exciting additions.                                                     taking the total dividend to 53.8p (2021:
                                                Diploma’s culture continues to be critical      42.6p). This represents dividend cover of 2x.
Given the challenges of the external            to accelerating our strategy, aligning          Subject to shareholder approval at the
operating environment, sustaining our           decentralised businesses and providing          Annual General Meeting, this dividend will
adjusted operating margin at 18.9% is a         competitive advantage. The Board is very        be paid on 3 February 2023 to shareholders
great achievement and reflects both our         conscious of its role in fostering and          on the register at 20 January 2023 (ex-div
differentiated value-added servicing model      monitoring this positive culture. Although,     19 January 2023).
and the hard work of colleagues across          as a decentralised Group, there isn’t one,
the Group.                                      single culture, all of our businesses share
                                                core values. Alongside our strong, local
                                                cultures, we are steadily building Diploma
                                                networks based on best practice and
                                                knowledge sharing.



16   Diploma PLC Annual Report 2022
Outlook


                                                  Overview
The Group started the new financial year
from a position of strength. While the
wider backdrop is one of macroeconomic
uncertainty and volatility, the achievements
of the last three years mean that our Group
is larger, more diverse and therefore more
resilient than ever. We have a differentiated,
value-added business model, a proven
strategy for delivering sustainable growth,
and great teams.

On behalf of the Board, I would like to take




                                                  Strategic Report
this opportunity to thank all of our colleagues
for their welcome contribution to our
success over the last year and, personally,
for giving me such a warm welcome.

David Lowden
Chair




                                                  Corporate Governance




                                                  Financial Statements




                                                  Other Information




17   Diploma PLC Annual Report 2022
CEO’S RE VIE W




I am delighted with our 2022 financial                                                        Our H2 cash performance was strong; free
                                                                                              cash flow conversion was in-line with our
performance and strategic progress. The                                                       model at 90%. This has resulted in good
                                                                                              deleveraging in the second half; year end
management team and all my Diploma                                                            net debt was 1.4x EBITDA (2021: 1.1x),
                                                                                              underpinning our resilience and providing
colleagues do a brilliant job – thank you.                                                    good flexibility to continue to invest in
                                                                                              growth. We have good liquidity with
                                                                                              undrawn facilities of £204m; 50% of our
Very strong results and excellent               A very strong financial performance           gross debt is at fixed interest rates (ca. 3%)1.
strategic progress                              Financial results for the year were very
I am delighted with our 2022 financial          strong across the key metrics of our model.   Sustainable organic growth strategy:
performance and strategic progress,             Organic growth of 15% reflects the success    revenue diversification driving growth,
proving the strength of our model and           of our revenue diversification initiatives,   building scale and increasing resilience
continuing our long track record of growth      positive demand and pricing:                  The Group’s strategy is to build high-quality,
and value creation. Our colleagues have                                                       scalable businesses for organic growth. All of
been brilliant, and the team has really risen   – Controls +24%: excellent Windy City         our businesses have fantastic opportunities
to the challenges presented by the external       Wire (WCW) performance; International       and our strategy is focused on growing,
environment.                                      Controls accelerating growth in exciting    diversifying and scaling in three ways:
                                                  end segments while broadening US and
Our execution has been very strong. Organic       European exposure.                          1. Positioning behind high growth end
growth is the Group’s number one priority,      – Seals +14%: accelerated market share        segments: many of which are also linked
so I am particularly pleased that we have         gains in North American Aftermarket and     to our focus on end markets with a positive
delivered 15% this year. We have also             broad-based growth in International Seals   impact (see pages 48-49).
successfully maintained our adjusted              against a robust comparator.
operating margin at 18.9%, with our resilient   – Life Sciences –4%: return to growth in      – Technology investment, including in
value-added service model and pricing             Q4 as expected; organic growth of 2%,         data centres, digital antenna systems,
enabling us to offset inflation. We have          excluding last year’s Covid-related           telecommunications and electrification
invested £187m in seven strategically             revenues, was moderated by hospital           is creating exciting opportunities,
important acquisitions, which will accelerate     staffing shortages.                           particularly in Controls.
future organic growth, and build scale in key                                                 – Renewable energy and infrastructure




                                                +15%
business lines.                                                                                 investment in the US and elsewhere is
                                                Organic growth
                                                                                                benefiting Seals and Controls.
Growth is only one part of the strategy; our                                                  – Accelerating diagnostics spending:
future success also depends on effectively                                                      ageing populations and rising healthcare
scaling our businesses and the Group to                                                         spending remain fundamental drivers for
ensure growth is sustainable. For our                                                           Life Sciences; moreover, we are also
businesses, we are steadily developing their                                                    well-positioned to capitalise on changing
target operating models and continuously                                                        healthcare spending priorities post-
improving the core competencies of our                                                          pandemic, particularly in clinical
value-added model. At a Group level, we         Very strong organic growth driven by            diagnostics.
continue to quietly evolve our structures,      our revenue initiatives, positive demand
capability and culture for scale.               and pricing                                   2. Geographic penetration of core
                                                                                              developed economies: we remain
One of the most exciting aspects of 2022                                                      relatively underpenetrated in our core
has been the way in which our businesses        Reported revenue growth was 29%,              developed markets of North America,
and colleagues have embraced Delivering         including a positive contribution from        Europe and Australia.
Value Responsibly (DVR), our ESG                high-quality acquisitions and a 5% benefit
programme. Our businesses are executing         from foreign exchange movements.              – We are already benefiting from
initiatives aligned with our five DVR focus                                                     accelerated market share gains in
areas, we have embedded our framework           We are very pleased to have maintained          North American Aftermarket and the
into our commercial strategy and culture,       our adjusted operating margin at 18.9%          potential in previously untapped Western
and we are announcing ESG targets to drive      (2021: 18.9%) despite a challenging             and Midwestern states is hugely exciting.
continuous improvement in material areas.       operating environment and inflationary
                                                pressures. This was driven by pricing
                                                initiatives across the Group together with
                                                the benefits of our value-added model. We
                                                grew adjusted earnings per share by 26%.



                                                                                              1 Approximately half fixed post-year end.



18   Diploma PLC Annual Report 2022
– Geographic diversification in the US


                                                 Overview
  and Europe at International Controls,
  both organically and through acquisitions,
  creating a more balanced geographic
  revenue mix.
– The acquisition of Anti-Corrosion
  Technology (ACT) in Australia marks
  further progress in Australian Seals where,
  over the last three years, we have built
  a much bigger, higher quality business.
– We continue to build scale in Europe in
  Life Sciences with the acquisition of
  Accuscience.




                                                 Strategic Report
3. Product range extension to expand
addressable markets: we do this
incrementally, within the businesses, and
at portfolio level.

– The acquisition of R&G Fluid Power
  Group (R&G) represents a step change
  for Seals in the UK, broadening Seals’
  fluid power offering.
– Continued development of our exciting




                                                 Corporate Governance
  Adhesives business line in Controls:
  Techsil, acquired last year, has delivered
  impressive organic growth, and the
  tuck-in acquisition of Silicone Solutions
  further strengthens our position in the UK.
– Across our portfolio, incremental
  product adjacency initiatives formed
  a key part of growth in the year with
  future plans including: supplier
  diversification in International Controls;
  proprietary product development in US




                                                 Financial Statements
  MRO; initiatives across Seals relating to
  O-rings, cylinders and gaskets; and
  ongoing Life Sciences product pipeline
  development in new, innovative
  technologies, for example leveraging
  artificial intelligence, and in diagnostics.

Focused portfolio development
Focused portfolio development is key to the
sustainability of our organic growth. As the
Group grows, we must focus on business
lines that best represent our model and for




                                                 Other Information
which we are the right owners to grow and
scale. This means being disciplined about
acquisitions and disposals.

Acquisitions to accelerate organic growth
Acquisitions are a key part of our growth
strategy, with a disciplined focus on
businesses with strong value-add
distribution characteristics and high gross
margins, and with organic growth potential
and great management teams. During
2022, we acquired seven high-quality
businesses for a total of £187m, deploying
capital across all three Sectors:


19   Diploma PLC Annual Report 2022
CEO’S R E V I E W
CO NTI N U ED




– LJR Electronics (Controls): acquired in         Portfolio discipline                              – Operational excellence: another focus
  February for £21m (annualised revenue ca.       As part of a disciplined approach to                area this year as we improve warehouse
  £16m) to give Interconnect improved             portfolio management, we made two                   processes across the portfolio; as our
  access to the large, attractive and             small, non-core disposals in the year. In early     businesses scale, they are making
  growing US interconnect market.                 May, we disposed of a1-envirosciences,              increasing use of automation. Through
– R&G (Seals): a value-added aftermarket          formerly part of the Life Sciences Sector           our network of best practice, we are
  distributor of a diverse range of industrial,   for £11m (annualised revenue ca. £13m).             also working to standardise processes.
  hydraulic and pneumatic products,               In November last year, we also disposed
  including seals and gaskets, acquired in        of Kentek, our Russian filters business, for      We support the development of these
  April for £101m (annualised revenue ca.         £10m (annualised revenue ca. £23m).               Core Competencies through reinvesting
  £69m). The business has added scale in                                                            in capability – Talent, Technology and
  the UK and broadened the Seals product          Scaling our value-added businesses                Facility:
  portfolio to expand addressable markets.        and the Group
– Accuscience (Life Sciences): a market-          Scaling our value-added businesses                – Talent: investment in talent remains
  leading life sciences and med-tech              As our businesses grow and scale, they              a key driver for future growth, with a
  distributor in Ireland, acquired in May for     need to evolve their operating models to            number of important appointments
  £51m (annualised revenue ca. £28m),             continue to deliver their value-add customer        made in the year – these range from 25
  adding scale in Ireland, continuing the         proposition. All of our businesses have             functional appointments in Finance,
  build out of the European pillar of Life        defined their future target operating               Operations, Supply Chain and
  Sciences and giving access to the exciting      models, and the strategy to achieve this.           Commercial, to a newly created role
  diagnostics segment.                                                                                heading up the Life Sciences European
– ACT (Seals): a specialist provider of           As part of this, we seek to continuously            pillar. We remain focused on retention
  sustainable materials engineering and           improve the Core Competencies of                    and have made important progress with
  corrosion control solutions. Acquired in        our model:                                          the training and development available
  July for £7m (annualised revenue ca. £4m),                                                          to colleagues and business leaders.
  highly complementary, and a further step        – Supply chain: development of a more             – Our approach to Technology is
  in building a high-quality, scalable              structured and proactive approach,                incremental, and success is dependent
  Australian platform for growth.                   including category management                     on having the right people in place to
– Silicone Solutions (Controls): acquired           techniques and evaluation of partners on          successfully implement change. We have
  for £3m in September (annualised                  a fuller set of criteria, including location,     a number of small upgrade projects
  revenue ca. £2m), continuing to build out         flexibility, environmental and employment         ongoing at any one time, and many
  and diversify our new adhesives business          practices, not just quality and cost. While       businesses are developing their webstore
  line.                                             we have much more to do, management               capabilities.
– Two small bolt-ons at R&G (Seals):                of our supply chain has been a                  – Our investments in Facility support
  R&G continues to consolidate smaller              differentiator in 2022; in some cases             the growth of our businesses as well
  regional players, acquiring two businesses        better product availability, particularly         as providing opportunities to reduce
  for £4m (annualised revenue ca. £5m).             at WCW, has enabled market share gains.           emissions and to improve colleague
                                                  – Commercial discipline (or pricing):               working environments. During the year,
Our acquisition pipeline is encouraging,            the combination of improving pricing              we opened new facilities in Life Sciences
albeit given the wider market uncertainties,        processes and the value we deliver                in Australia and Europe; and we are in the
we will maintain our strict financial               for customers has enabled us to protect           planning stages for a further two new
discipline. Nonetheless, we continue to             our operating margins. We have more               facilities over the next 18 months.
invest in value-accretive bolt-ons at very          to learn and more we can do with
attractive multiples. Since our H1 results,         better data, through working with our
                                                                                                    We have maintained high-teens




                                                                                                    18.9%
and prior to year end, we invested £14m             suppliers and greater forward planning
in four bolt-ons; since year end R&G has            with customers to deliver the right             margins of
completed a further two bolt-on                     pricing outcomes.
acquisitions for £5m. These businesses were
acquired for a 5x blended average multiple.




20   Diploma PLC Annual Report 2022
Scaling the Group                               We are also announcing DVR targets                At this stage, FY 2023 is expected to be


                                                                                                                                                    Overview
We continue to quietly evolve the structures,   aligned to our five focus areas. We are           in line with our long-term model:
capability and culture of the Group. Over       committed to net zero emissions across our
the last three years, we have evolved the       value chain by 2050 at the latest, and have       – Organic revenue growth: mid-single
Group’s organisational structure around         set an interim 50% reduction target for             digit, consistent with our model and likely
core, scalable business lines and developed     Scope 1 & 2 by 2030. We are currently               to be weighted to H1
our strategic and performance frameworks.       calculating our Scope 3 emissions in order        – Acquisitions announced to date are
At Group centre, we retain a lean head          to submit net zero targets to the Science           expected to add ca. 6% to reported
office focused on providing a service to the    Based Targets initiative (SBTi) in 2023. For        revenue growth
businesses, also selectively investing in       further details on our targets, please see the    – Strong, resilient operating margin,
upskilling functions such as Finance, Legal,    Delivering Value Responsibly section on             in a range of 18-19%
Corporate Development and Internal Audit.       pages 34-57.                                      – At this stage, the foreign exchange
                                                                                                    benefit from weaker sterling and higher




                                                                                                                                                    Strategic Report
Alongside our powerful decentralised            Increasing resilience underpins our                 interest costs are expected to be neutral
approach and strong local cultures, we          outlook                                             to adjusted EPS
continue to develop a complementary             While we are mindful of the uncertain
shared Diploma culture and identity based       economic outlook and prospect of a                FY 2023 has started well, consistent with our
on best practice sharing.                       tougher demand environment, we remain             guidance. We remain focused on executing
                                                confident in the Group’s increasing resilience.   our strategy of building high-quality, scalable
Delivering Value Responsibly:                                                                     businesses for organic growth and are
embedding into our commercial




                                                26%
                                                                                                  confident in our ability to deliver long-term
strategy and culture                            We have grown EPS by                              growth at sustainably high margins.
Over the past year, there has been a real
step change in momentum with DVR, our                                                             Johnny Thomson




                                                                                                                                                    Corporate Governance
ESG programme. Our colleagues and                                                                 Chief Executive Officer
businesses are executing initiatives aligned
with our five focus areas. We have improved
reporting with metrics now embedded,
supported by strong governance at Group,
Sector and business level. Looking ahead,       sustaining our impressive compounding
new targets will drive further progress in      track record
2023, and we are well on the way to
submitting net zero targets to the Science
Based Targets initiative.                       Diploma has an excellent track record of
                                                compounding growth and delivering




                                                                                                                                                    Financial Statements
Key performance highlights of the year          strong financial returns through the cycle.
include:                                        Our model is resilient, and our strategic
                                                activity makes us more so over time as we
– Excellent and consistent colleague            diversify and scale. Increasing revenue
  engagement score: 79% (2021: 79%),            diversification means we are exposed to
  and a very high response rate of 86%.         exciting, structurally growing end segments.
  This is a brilliant achievement given the     Our focus on value-added products and
  challenging operating environment, and        solutions critical to customer needs and
  I am delighted with how leaders across        predominantly serving opex budgets,
  the Group have worked hard to engage          together with our service component,
  colleagues and leverage last year’s           fosters sticky customer relationships and
  engagement survey feedback.




                                                                                                                                                    Other Information
                                                pricing power and supports sustainable
– Increasing the diversity of our Senior        margins. Our highly cash-generative model
  Management Team (SMT): female                 and strong balance sheet underpin our
  representation at SMT increased to            resilience.
  27% (2021: 24%), driven by external
  recruitment (40% female) which more
  than offset the impact of acquisitions
  (SMT talent additions from acquisitions
  >90% male).
– Carbon emissions flat despite 15%
  organic revenue growth: due to
  business initiatives and our investments
  in facility.




21   Diploma PLC Annual Report 2022
STR ATEGY




Building high-quality, scalable businesses
for sustainable organic growth



                                                                  Compounding
                            1. Revenue diversiﬁcation             Financial
                               to drive organic growth            Model

                                                                     Organic
     GROW                                                            growth
                                                                     5%


                            2. Targeted acquisitions to
                               accelerate organic growth             Revenue
                                                                     growth
                                                                     10%+



                                                                     Operating
                                                                     Margin
                            3. Scale our businesses to execute       17%+
                               value-added customer proposition
                                                                     Cash
     SCALE                                                           conversion
                                                                     90%+


                            4. Scale the Group to support            ROATCE
                               decentralised delivery                High teens




                            5. Delivering Value Responsibly

22   Diploma PLC Annual Report 2022
1. Revenue diversification to drive
organic growth                                                                                                           Overview

Our sustainable growth strategy is focused on revenue
diversification to drive organic revenue growth, build scale and
increase resilience. Operating in a broad range of markets, all
of our businesses have fantastic opportunities. Our strategy is
focused on growing, diversifying and scaling in three ways:



01                                               02                                            03                        Strategic Report

Positioning behind                               Geographic                                    Product range
high-growth end                                  penetration of core                           extension to expand
segments                                         developed markets                             addressable markets



                                                                                                                         Corporate Governance
All of our businesses have                       We are relatively                             We extend our product
opportunities to tap into                        underpenetrated in our                        ranges incrementally
high growth end segments,                        core developed markets                        within our businesses
many of which also have                          of North America, Europe                      and at portfolio level.
a positive impact on the                         and Australia where there
environment or society.                          is significant potential to
                                                 increase market share.




                                                                                                                         Financial Statements
     S T RO N G O RGA N I C G ROW T H T R ACK R ECO R D:


     20% 06   07   08   09   10   11   12   13    14   15   16   17   18   19   20   21   22




                                                                                                                         Other Information
     15%


     10%
                                                                                                   TARGE T:
      5%                                                                                           MID -SINGLE DIGIT
                                                                                               Target

                                                                                                   ORGANIC GROW TH
      0%


     -5%


     -10%


     -15%




23     Diploma PLC Annual Report 2022
S TR ATEGY
CO NTI N U ED




2. Targeted acquisitions to accelerate
organic growth
Focused portfolio development is key to the sustainability of our
growth strategy. As we grow, it is important that we focus on the
key, scalable business lines that represent our model and which
we are the right owners to grow and scale.




01                                             02                                                      03
Acquisitions to                                A disciplined                                           Success factors
accelerate organic                             approach
growth
Our acquisition strategy is focused on         Our acquisition approach is highly                      Target attributes
acquiring high-quality, value-add businesses   disciplined – investments must offer                    – Value-add servicing, high gross margins
that will accelerate organic growth.           a strong strategic fit; financial discipline            – Organic growth and scale potential
Fragmented markets offer many                  is key to our compounding model.                        – Capable, established
opportunities and our strong balance sheet                                                               management teams
gives us flexibility to reinvest.              Occasionally, our disciplined approach
                                               will result in selective disposals to maintain          How we add value
We aim to add 5% to revenue growth from        our focus.                                              – Investment in underlying growth
M&A on average.                                                                                        – Careful cross-selling
                                                                                                       – Management expertise,
                                                                                                         sharing best practice
                                                                                                       – Some scale/integration benefits

                                                                                                       Strategically & financially disciplined
                                                                                                       – Portfolio focus on scalable businesses
                                                                                                       – Structured origination
                                                                                                       – Strong focus on financial returns
                                                                                                         (ROATCE)


“Our approach to acquisitions                  Historic M&A spend (£m)
 has become more structured                      2012      2013    2014     2015     2016       2017      2018     2019     2020     2021     2022
 and strategic. This has
 expanded our acquisition                                                                                                             462.2
 pipeline, enabling us to take                                                                                                                 186.6

 advantage of a busy market
 whilst also maintaining our
 strong financial discipline.”
                                                                                                                     78.3

Steve Sargeant,                                     22.3
                                                                              37.8     32.7
                                                                                                  20.1      20.4
Corporate Development                                        2.2
                                                                     16.5                                                     14.9

Director

24   Diploma PLC Annual Report 2022
                                      C A S E S T U DY


                                      Windy City Wire:
                                      accelerating organic growth for the
                                      Group



                                      Windy City Wire is a leading value-added distributor of

                                                                                                                                   Overview
                                      premium quality low voltage wire and cable.

                                      Acquired in October 2020 for £348m, the business
                                      represented a material strategic step forward, accelerating
                                      organic growth for the Group as a whole. Importantly,
                                      Windy City Wire diversified Controls into the large,
                                      attractive US industrials market and significantly increased
                                      the Group’s exposure to high growth end segments.




                                                                                                                                   Strategic Report
                                      Since joining the Group, Windy City Wire’s       Growth has been driven by exposure to
                                      operating profit has doubled and the             high growth end segments – building
                                      business is significantly outperforming its      automation, security access, data centres
                                      acquisition case – ROATCE is now mid-teens,      and digital antenna systems – as well as
                                      two years ahead of expectations.                 strong market share growth. A compelling
                                                                                       customer proposition and superior
                                      This has been driven by impressive volume        product availability, underpinned by a
                                      growth and operating leverage on a well          secure and stable supply chain, have been
                                      invested platform.                               a winning combination.




                                                                                                                                   Corporate Governance




                                                                                                                                   Financial Statements
                                      ROATCE                                           Operating profit ($m)


                                        2020   2021   2022   2023   2024   2025          2019     2020        2021   2022

                                                                              20%




                                                                                                                                   Other Information
                                                                                                         2x




                                                                              10%




                                                                                  0%




25   Diploma PLC Annual Report 2022
S TR ATEGY
CO NTI N U ED




S T R AT EGY I N AC T I O N:
ACQ U I S ITI O N S ACCE LE R ATI N G O RGA N I C G ROW TH


Acquisition of Accuscience in Ireland:                                  Acquisition of LJR Electronics in the US:
positioning behind high growth end segments                             penetrating core developed economies and product
and penetrating core developed economies.                               range expansion to expand addressable markets.




In early May we completed the acquisition of Accuscience in the Life    We acquired LJR Electronics, a value-added distributor of electrical
Sciences Sector for ca. £51m. Accuscience has a diverse, high-quality   interconnect products (industrial connectors, contacts and
supplier portfolio which includes several tier one manufacturers. The   protective sleeving), in January for £21m. A US business, LJR forms
business also has a proven ability to identify, attract, develop and    part of our Interconnect business within the Controls Sector and has
grow best in class suppliers.                                           expanded our presence into the large, attractive and growing US
                                                                        interconnect market.
This has translated into a strong track record on growth and
excellent scale across the island of Ireland.                           Characteristics:
                                                                        – US value-add distributor
Characteristics:                                                        – Electrical interconnect products
– Market-leading life sciences and medtech distributor                  – Based in Ohio, US
– Scaled across the island of Ireland
                                                                        Value drivers:
Value drivers:                                                          – Organic growth
– Exciting prospects for continued organic growth                       – Synergies with existing US business
– Access to fast-growing clinical diagnostics segment                   – Introduce more value-add processes
– Strong product pipeline
                                                                        Portfolio fit:
Portfolio fit:                                                          – US scale for Interconnect
– European pillar for the Life Sciences Sector                          – Continues to diversify International Controls
– Adds scale in the attractive Irish market                               in the US
– Product diversification
– Access to new segments




26   Diploma PLC Annual Report 2022
                                      C A S E S T U DY


                                      Acquisition of R&G Fluid Power Group in
                                      the UK: penetrating core developed
                                      economies and product range extension



                                      In April, we acquired R&G Fluid Power Group (R&G), a high-

                                                                                                                                Overview
                                      quality aftermarket distribution business for our Seals Sector
                                      in the UK, for ca. £100m.

                                      R&G is a value-added distributor of a diverse range of industrial,
                                      hydraulic and pneumatic products (including seals and
                                      gaskets). Its value-added proposition is based on responsive
                                      customer service, technical advice, breadth of stock and
                                      product customisation. Over time, the management team has
                                      built a platform with extensive reach across the UK, including



                                                                                                                                Strategic Report
                                      through consolidating a number of regional distributors to
                                      extend geographic and product reach.

                                      Characteristics:                             Portfolio fit:
                                      – UK value-added aftermarket distributor     – Scale in core UK market and scope to
                                      – Extensive UK reach                           drive revenue synergies with existing
                                      – Fluid Power product range                    UK Seals businesses
                                                                                   – Expands addressable markets –
                                      Value drivers:                                 product diversification for global Seals




                                                                                                                                Corporate Governance
                                      – Excellent organic growth track record
                                        and significant potential through
                                        developing the aftermarket ecommerce
                                        channel, continued regional expansion
                                        in the UK, and further product cross-
                                        selling and diversification
                                      – Continued ‘buy & build’: active pipeline
                                        with an opportunity to further
                                        consolidate small, regional competitors




                                                                                                                                Financial Statements




                                                                                                                                Other Information




27   Diploma PLC Annual Report 2022
S TR ATEGY
CO NTI N U ED




3. Scale our businesses to execute
value-added customer proposition
Our service component builds loyalty and resilience, pricing
power and margins. As our businesses grow, they evolve their
operating models to continue to deliver their value-add
proposition at scale – how a £10m revenue business delivers for
its customers is very different to a £100m revenue business.

We have created a framework for our businesses to plot their
journey to scale, including defining the right target operating
model of the future, developing the Core Competencies that
underpin it and the capability that will deliver it.


                              Evolve target operating model




 Scaling our
 value-added
 businesses                              Core Competencies                                         Capabilities




Core Competencies
We seek to continuously improve the Core
Competencies that underpin our model.



Supply Chain                   Operational                                          Commercial                  Route to
Management                     Excellence                  Value-Add                Discipline                  Market
A resilient supply chain to    End-to-end customer         Distributing value-add   Pricing for profitable      Strong customer
deliver growth plans           fulfilment solutions that   products and solutions   growth. The combination     proposition and sales
responsibly. A structured      deliver growth.             based upon our           of improving pricing        management to realise
and more proactive                                         strengths of technical   processes and the value     growth plans.
approach to Supply                                         expertise, service-led   we deliver for customers.
Chain Management.                                          propositions and
                                                           innovative solutions.

28   Diploma PLC Annual Report 2022
4. Evolve the Group to support
decentralised delivery                                                                                                                       Overview

Our value-add distribution model underpins everything we do
and is the foundation of the Group’s success.
We continue to quietly evolve the structures,    As a customer-led organisation, the           Through creating leadership networks, we
capability and culture of the Group to           decentralised approach remains central        provide our leaders with the opportunity to
deliver for the long term.                       to our success. Alongside this, we continue   share experiences as they grow and scale




                                                                                                                                             Strategic Report
                                                 to develop a complementary Diploma            their businesses.
Over the last three years, we have evolved       culture and identity.
the Group’s organisational structure around
core business lines. We have also selectively    The Group has an important role to play
invested in resource to ensure a lean, skilled   in providing strategic and performance
head office providing a service to the           frameworks, as well as acting as a conduit
business – appointments have been key            for knowledge and best practice sharing.
functional areas.


                          Support decentralised model




                                                                                                                                             Corporate Governance
 Scaling
 the Group                            Diploma                                                               Best practice
                                                                          Frameworks
                                      identity                                                              and networks




                                                                                                                                             Financial Statements



Key capabilities




                                                                                                                                             Other Information
We support the development of these
Core Competencies through reinvesting
in capability.



Talent                                           Technology                                    Facility
Talent investment is a key driver of future      Our approach to Technology is incremental     Our investments in Facility support the
growth. The right organisation design,           and success is dependent on having the        growth of our business as well as providing
retaining and developing talent.                 right people in place to successfully         opportunities to reduce emissions and to
                                                 implement change.                             improve colleague working environments.




29   Diploma PLC Annual Report 2022
S TR ATEGY
CO NTI N U ED




S T R AT EGY I N AC T I O N:
S C A LI N G O U R VA LU E-A D D E D B U S I N E S S E S A N D TH E G RO U P


Australian Life Sciences: building a scalable                           Chicago June 2022: sharing best practice
platform for growth                                                     and building leadership networks




In early 2022, we successfully completed the project to consolidate     Our second ever in-person Senior Leadership Team (SLT) meeting
operations for our Australian Life Sciences businesses, Abacus dx       was held in Chicago in June.
and Big Green Surgical, into a single facility in Brisbane. Alongside
this, supporting sales and services were also consolidated into         As we scale our value-added businesses and the Group, we want to
a single new office in Victoria.                                        retain our decentralised management approach and strong local
                                                                        cultures. However, there is huge opportunity for our leaders to learn
Building a new facility with capacity for future growth and             from one another. One of the key roles of the Group is to foster best
expansion was only one reason for the project. By combining four        practice sharing and create leadership networks.
stock locations and two operations teams, the combined facility
has created an opportunity to improve supply chain management           Our event in Chicago was both a celebration of success and an
and operational excellence through harmonising and optimising           opportunity for our leaders to build their internal networks and
workflows, processes and systems. For colleagues, it is a more          share experiences which they can leverage in their own businesses.
modern working environment with better local amenities, excellent
public transport and more career opportunities. The better layout
will support progress with Health & Safety. Moreover, from an
environmental perspective, the new facility is more energy efficient
and closer to the airport.

There is more too – the project has opened up future opportunities
to drive continuous improvement through implementing further
technology and process improvements, all of which will benefit
customers and suppliers.




30   Diploma PLC Annual Report 2022
                                       C A S E S T U DY


                                       Talent




                                                                                                                                       Overview




                                                                                                                                       Strategic Report
                                      “Investing in talent is critical to the
                                       sustainability of our growth”
                                       Jill Tennant
                                       Group HR Director



                                       I’m delighted with our progress in Talent     wear many hats. Incremental investment
                                       in 2022. For me, one of the key highlights    in functional expertise is critical to scaling.




                                                                                                                                       Corporate Governance
                                       of the year was the very high level of        In 2022, we made 20 SMT hires focused
                                       colleague engagement. Engaged                 on Commercial, Operations, Supply Chain,
                                       colleagues perform better and, in a           Finance and Human Resources. We are
                                       customer service business operating in        leveraging this external hiring to improve
                                       challenging labour markets, retention is      diversity – in 2022, 40% of external SMT
                                       a differentiator. Our decentralised model     hires were women, more than offsetting
                                       fosters loyalty and engagement;               the impact of acquisitions (SMT additions
                                       alongside this, tools such as our             >90% male), increasing female SMT
                                       Engagement Survey mean we are getting         representation to 27.5%. We are
                                       better at listening and responding to what    committed to achieving gender balance
                                       colleagues want.                              at SMT level by 2030.




                                                                                                                                       Financial Statements
                                       A successful Talent agenda starts with        Talent is also central to evolving our
                                       the right organisation design. During 2022,   leadership structures to support scale. For
                                       we’ve worked with our businesses to refine    example, in Life Sciences, having focused
                                       their target operating models. These          the Sector around three strong geographic
                                       inform succession planning, training and      pillars, we have created a new role
                                       development, and external recruitment.        heading up Europe and a single CEO role
                                                                                     for Australia & New Zealand.
                                       Investment starts with our existing team.     We intend to maintain lean Sector
                                       For the Senior Management Team (SMT),         structures and a small, skilled Group
                                       we are helping leaders develop the skills     centre providing a service to our
                                       and experiences they will need to scale       businesses. Here too we are selectively




                                                                                                                                       Other Information
                                       their businesses – from our newly launched    investing in key roles including US-based
                                       ‘Leadership at Scale’ development             Corporate Development leads for North
                                       programme to building leadership              American Seals and International
                                       networks, not least through our event in      Controls; at Group centre, we have made
                                       Chicago in June. In response to last year’s   incremental investments in Human
                                       feedback, we have launched a new              Resources, Finance and Legal.
                                       internal learning management system
                                       for colleagues.                               In a fast growing organisation such as
                                                                                     ours, there will always be more to do, but
                                       The majority of external recruitment has      we enter 2023 with a great team, a clear
                                       been focused on our businesses. Building      strategy for how Talent will support future
                                       scale means building capability. Smaller      growth, and significantly improved
                                       businesses are typically built around a       internal tools and resources for colleague
                                       small number of key individuals who often     development.



31   Diploma PLC Annual Report 2022
S TR ATEGY
CO NTI N U ED




5. Delivering value responsibly
Our DVR programme is built on five,
material focus areas and positioning
ourselves for commercial growth with
a positive impact on society and the
environment. Embracing DVR is key
to executing our strategy, fulfilling our
purpose and scaling and managing
our business sustainably.




                                         DIVERSITY, EQUITY
                                            & INCLUSION

                          COLLEAGUE
                         ENGAGEMENT                          SUPPLY CHAIN




         HEALTH & SAFETY                                             ENVIRONMENT
                                         DELIVERING
                                      VALUE RESPONSIBLY




32   Diploma PLC Annual Report 2022
By aligning our businesses with our five
                                                                                                                                              Overview
focus areas and positioning ourselves for
commercial growth with a positive impact
on society and the environment, we can
play a meaningful role in building a more
sustainable world.



                                                                                                                                              Strategic Report
Delivering for our People                        Delivering for the Environment                Delivering a Positive Impact




                                                                                                                                              Corporate Governance
Our people are our success. It is our priority   Our role as a distributor gives us the        Many of our products and services have end
to engage our colleagues and retain talent       opportunity to have a meaningful impact.      uses that positively impact the environment
in our businesses. We also have a duty to        We must leverage our relationships with key   and our society – whether safeguarding first
keep our colleagues safe, champion diversity,    suppliers to tackle waste, packaging and      responder communications, supporting the
and create an inclusive and equitable            emissions. This will improve operational      transition to renewable energy, or providing
working environment where all of our             efficiency and deliver value for our          life-saving solutions.
colleagues are able to fulfil their potential.   customers, suppliers and colleagues.




                                                                                                                                              Financial Statements
DV R PRO G R ES S D U R I N G TH E Y E A R


     A step-change in momentum. Business-driven initiatives are             Read about our performance in each of our focus areas




                                                                                                                                              Other Information
     creating improvement across the Group.                                 on pages 36-47.



     Our businesses have established DVR committees and                     Read more about our DVR metrics and targets on
     appointed persons responsible for performance and                      page 53.
     progress against targets.



     Our DVR governance structure and policies are key to how               Read about our DVR governance, responsible business
     we deliver value responsibly. We have improved reporting with          practices, and policies and procedures on pages 50-57.
     metrics now embedded and targets to drive progress in FY23.



33     Diploma PLC Annual Report 2022
DELIVERING VALUE RE SPONSIBLY




DIPLOMA DELIVERS FOR
OUR COLLEAGUES




34   Diploma PLC Annual Report 2022
Our colleagues are the foundation of our                                                       Mental health and wellbeing


                                                                                                                                                Overview
                                                                                               We are mindful of the potential impact that
business. They deliver value-add to our                                                        working environments and practices have
                                                                                               on our colleagues. During the year we
customers, execute against our strategy                                                        continued to hold wellbeing and resilience
                                                                                               workshops with businesses and provided
and are essential to our ongoing success.                                                      resources to mark World Mental Health Day,
                                                                                               which was celebrated across the Group.




                                               75
Our decentralised Group employs ca. 3,000      In June this year, we brought together          We are also acutely aware of external
colleagues across multiple businesses,                                                         factors – Covid-19, political instability, the
geographies and communities. This year, we                                                     cost-of-living crisis – that may further
welcomed ca. 500 new colleagues through                                                        impact our colleagues’ wellbeing and




                                                                                                                                                Strategic Report
acquisitions. The safety, wellbeing and                                                        mental health. We have worked hard to
engagement of those colleagues is our                                                          reassure existing colleagues, as well as
primary concern and central to how we                                                          those that join the Group through
deliver value.                                                                                 acquisition, and are pleased that 86%
                                                                                               of colleagues feel that their job is secure,
Developing, attracting and retaining talent    members of the SLT in Chicago to                according to our engagement survey.
in an equitable and inclusive environment      celebrate their hard work and discuss
will support our journey to scale, and is an   our strategy. This was the SLT’s first          Further assistance is offered through our
important differentiator in a challenging      time meeting in person since the                Employee Assistance Programme, which
labour market. Protecting our agile and        pandemic and a key opportunity to               covers all existing businesses. Acquisitions
accountable culture as we grow underpins       strengthen networks, build our culture          are brought onto the programme during




                                                                                                                                                Corporate Governance
our performance and helps us attract           and integrate new senior leaders                onboarding. Counselling is also offered to
high-quality acquisitions.                                                                     businesses where colleagues have suffered




89%
                                                                                               a bereavement or tragic event.
                                               Building engaging and fulfilling careers
                                               We continue to evolve our culture and
                                               support colleague engagement across the
                                               Group. We acquire new businesses every
                                               year and give careful consideration to how
                                               we onboard colleagues that join us through
                                               acquisition.

                                               Group internal communication is a powerful




                                                                                                                                                Financial Statements
of our colleagues are proud to work for
their business                                 tool for us – our CEO updates our colleagues
                                               directly through quarterly videos and
                                               information is shared across businesses and
                                               Sectors through our internal newsletter. This
Brilliant leadership
                                               year we introduced a learning management
Our decentralised model means that our
                                               system, which is currently being rolled out
Senior Leadership Team (SLT) plays a key
                                               across the Group.
role in progressing the culture and strategy
of the Group, as well as the performance
                                               Development of talent supports our
of their businesses and Sectors. Our SLT –
                                               strategy, deepens engagement and is
comprised of our Executive team, the
                                               important at every level of our business.




                                                                                                                                                Other Information
Managing Directors of our businesses and
                                               Many of our colleagues undergo on-the-job
key Group roles – has demonstrated brilliant
                                               training, whether through apprenticeships
leadership during FY22, continuing to look
                                               or external certification. Through our DVR
after and support our colleagues, serve our
                                               programme, we have started to develop
customers and show great agility and
                                               networks that facilitate knowledge sharing
resilience despite geopolitical and economic
                                               across certain functions such as Health &
uncertainties.
                                               Safety, Supply Chain Management, and HR.




35   Diploma PLC Annual Report 2022
D ELI V ER I N G VA LU E R ESP O NSI B LY
CO NTI N U ED




Engaging our Colleagues
                                                Engaged colleagues perform better. Our
     Our vision is for all of our colleagues
     to be highly engaged                       colleagues have great technical expertise
                                                and in-depth knowledge of their products
     2022 Highlights                            and markets. In a challenging labour market,
     – 86% response rate
     – 79% colleague engagement index           engagement helps us to hold onto that
     – 70% of Group colleagues are
       active on our new learning
                                                talent, knowledge and expertise.
       management system
                                                Our turnover remains consistent at 24.4%



     86%
                                                (2021: 22.8%), reflecting a restructure in
                                                Australian Healthcare and International
                                                Seals, increased automation at our Louisville
                                                facility, and a challenging talent market.
     response rate
                                                Our Colleague Engagement Survey is key to




     79%
                                                understanding how engaged our workforce
                                                is and helps us to identify themes and areas
                                                of improvement or focus. We have set a
                                                relatively modest target to maintain an
                                                engagement index of 70%+, which keeps us
     engagement index                           focused on understanding the real picture,
                                                improving engagement, and encouraging
     KPI                                        open and honest responses.
     Engagement Index
     (an externally benchmarked score           Action during 2022
     from our annual engagement survey)         Following the Engagement Survey, our
                                                businesses set up listening groups to focus
                                                on key themes from their survey and put
     Target                                     engagement plans in place for the year
     Maintain an engagement index               ahead. They are supported by Group HR,
     of 70%+                                    which assists the businesses in
                                                understanding and responding to their
     Ongoing Focus                              results and shares key Group themes
     – Build out our learning management        and best practice.
       system
     – Continued focus on wellbeing
       and mental health
     – HR network to support best
       practice
     – Continued leadership development        “It’s really important to us that
                                                we continue to prioritise and
                                                engage our colleagues across
                                                the Group. Earlier this year we
                                                held our second engagement
                                                survey. The engagement index
                                                was 79% with over 2000
                                                colleagues taking part.”

                                               Jill Tennant,
                                               Group HR Director

36     Diploma PLC Annual Report 2022
We’ve also started to roll out our learning    We scored very strongly against themes             C A S E S T U DY


                                                                                                                                                   Overview
management system across the Group. This       relating to our colleagues’ roles and
provides a central hub for Group internal      management: 90% of respondents find                M Seals UK Employee
                                                                                                  Working Group
communications, policies and documents,        their work meaningful, 89% of colleagues
and offers courses and information to          are proud to work for their business, and
support best practice and DVR.                 88% believe that their manager empowers
                                               them and gives them the authority to do
Our engagement score remains high at           their job.
79% and we were able to increase the
response rate across the Group. Importantly,   Following the FY21 engagement survey, we
engagement scores are consistent across        identified three areas of focus: leadership
the Group, ranging from 75%–85%.               style, learning and development and
                                               wellbeing. All of these areas have shown an




75%+                                                                                                                                               Strategic Report
                                               improvement in the last year and reflect the
                                               initiatives in place at many of our businesses.

                                               Leadership style

                                               75% +2%
all of our businesses achieved an              2022                            75                 M Seals UK set up an Employee Working
engagement index within a range                2021                           73                  Group in 2021 in response to their first Group
of 75-85%                                                                                         Colleague Engagement Survey.




90%                                                                                                                                                Corporate Governance
                                               Learning and development                           The Employee Working Group is still going

                                               70% +4%                                            strong and meets quarterly. It includes
                                                                                                  colleagues from across the business and
                                                                                                  from every management level, department
                                               2022                        70                     and site.
                                               2021                       66
                                                                                                 “I like that I can act on behalf
of our colleagues believe that their           Wellbeing                                          of my colleagues to voice their
                                               79% +1%
work is meaningful, according to our
engagement survey
                                                                                                  concerns or issues. I also like




88%                                                                                                                                                Financial Statements
                                                                                                  that we develop a plan or
                                               2022                             79                response to each issue right
                                               2021                             78                there in the meeting so it gets
                                                                                                  sorted straightaway. It’s a
                                                                                                  great way to communicate as
                                               Learning and development and wellbeing             all the branches of the business
                                               continue to be ongoing areas of focus
of our colleagues believe that their           across the Group. We provide resources and
                                                                                                  are there together at the
manager empowers them, according               guidance to businesses on development              meeting – whether it’s a
to our engagement survey                       planning and performance feedback. We              finance issue, a management



                                                                                                                                                   Other Information
                                               will continue to actively support businesses
                                               and colleagues on stress management,
                                                                                                  issue, or a warehouse issue.”
                                               resilience and wellbeing.
                                                                                                  Sati Sing,
                                                                                                  Warehouse Operative and
                                                                                                  member of the Employee
                                                                                                  Working Group at M Seals UK




37   Diploma PLC Annual Report 2022
D ELI V ER I N G VA LU E R ESP O NSI B LY
CO NTI N U ED




Ensuring Health & Safety
                                              Keeping our colleagues healthy, safe and
     Our vision is that no one is harmed
     at work                                  well is a prerequisite to doing business.
                                              We have a duty of care to any person who
     2022 Highlights                          is working remotely, working at, or visiting
     – Continuing to build a proactive
       Health & Safety culture                a Diploma business.
     – More robust reporting
     – Reduced severity rate
                                              In line with our decentralised model, our        Action during 2022
     – Improvement in potential
                                              Managing Directors are accountable for           For the first time, our businesses reported
       hazard reporting
                                              Health & Safety in their businesses. Each        monthly Health & Safety data for a full
     – Improved governance at business
                                              business works to build a strong Health &        financial year. This allowed us to identify and
       and Sector level
                                              Safety culture, driven by the Managing           act upon Group themes and risks quickly
                                              Director and upheld by all colleagues.           and share knowledge across the Group.



     10.6
     LTI rate
                                              Our Group CEO holds ultimate responsibility
                                              for Health & Safety across the Group,
                                              including ensuring good governance and
                                              provision of a safe working environment for
                                              all colleagues.
                                                                                               As a result, we have asked businesses
                                                                                               to be more proactive in reducing risks
                                                                                               associated with driving vehicles, renewed
                                                                                               our focus on mental health and wellbeing,
                                                                                               and introduced an immediate reporting




     44%
                                                                                               protocol for all LTIs. These have been
                                              Businesses are responsible for developing        reflected in our updated Health & Safety
                                              and implementing procedures and                  Policy for the year ahead.
                                              frameworks to suit their specific
                                              circumstances and risk level. However,           We were pleased that Health & Safety
     reduction in severity rate               we expect all businesses to comply with          culture is starting to embed across the
                                              the standards and requirements of our            Group with 86% of colleagues feeling that
     KPI                                      Group policy.                                    their business takes Health & Safety
     Lost time incident (LTI) Rate                                                             seriously. Health & Safety will continue
     (number of lost time incidents per       We have outlined a vision that no one            to be a key consideration for acquisitions
     1,000 employees)                         should be harmed at work. In order to            and their onboarding.
                                              achieve this, we will focus on risk mitigation




                                                                                               86%
                                              and a proactive Health & Safety culture.
     FY23 Target                              We see potential hazard reporting and
     5% year-on-year reduction in LTI rate    awareness as good indicators of that culture.

     Ongoing Focus                            To further support our long-term vision,
     – Build positive mental health           we have set an LTI reduction target of 5%
       and wellbeing                          year-on-year to support us in reducing
     – Continuous improvement and focus       incidents.
       on Health & Safety culture                                                              of colleagues feel that Health &
     – Ensure process in place to reduce                                                       Safety is taken seriously in their
       risks identified by potential hazard                                                    business, according to our Colleague
       reporting                                                                               Engagement Survey




38     Diploma PLC Annual Report 2022
Ahead of the Policy update, we held Health     The primary cause of LTIs across the Group       C A S E S T U DY


                                                                                                                                               Overview
& Safety workshops with colleagues who         continues to be slips and trips. Our most
are responsible for Health & Safety at their   severe injury was a sprained ankle which         North American
                                                                                                Seals
business or facility. The purpose of these     resulted in 24 days of lost time as the person
sessions was to support our businesses in      could not perform the duties of their active,
embedding the Policy updates, ensure           warehouse role.
alignment with our targets and focus areas
for FY23, and share best practice between      Potential hazard reporting increased across
Health & Safety managers.                      the Group to 572, for the year with improved
                                               consistency of reporting across the
We are also pleased that we have started to    businesses. We will continue to focus on
develop a wider network of Health & Safety     ensuring that potential hazard reporting
colleagues. This network has brought Health    results in mitigating actions.




                                                                                                                                               Strategic Report
& Safety managers together to share best
practice and ideas on Health & Safety          There were no fatalities during the year.
culture, as well as sharing experience and
learnings on external certification, such as
ISO qualification, for businesses preparing
for review.

Group performance stats                                                                         During the year, our North American Seals
LTI rate                                                                                        businesses created a Health & Safety
2022                                   10.6                                                     network to share best practice and




                                                                                                                                               Corporate Governance
                                                                                                resources on Health & Safety.
2021                                  10.1
2020                            8.2                                                             In FY22, their injury days were 59% lower
                                                                                                than the prior year and their number of LTIs
Severity rate                                                                                   decreased by 66%.
2022                4.3
2021                                     7.7
2020                      5.2

Potential hazards




                                                                                                                                               Financial Statements
2022                                    572
2021                        420
2020     111

During the year, our LTI rate increased to
10.6 (2021: 10.1) – an increase on the prior
year of two incidents. However, we feel this
reflects more robust reporting across the
Group and were pleased that LTIs were less
severe than in 2021, with the severity rate




                                                                                                                                               Other Information
dropping from 7.7 to 4.3.




39   Diploma PLC Annual Report 2022
D ELI V ER I N G VA LU E R ESP O NSI B LY
CO NTI N U ED




Promoting Diversity, Equity & Inclusion
                                               We remain committed to better
     Our vision is to build a diverse
     workforce, where all of our colleagues    representation across our Group and
     feel able to bring their full selves to
     work and fulfil their potential.
                                               businesses, particularly in management
                                               and leadership positions.
     2022 Highlights
     – New Group Diversity, Equity             We continue to build awareness around           Gender diversity (as at 30 September)
       & Inclusion Policy                      Diversity, Equity and Inclusion (DEI) and
                                               during FY22, we held workshops on                                      Male    Female     Total
     – Unconscious bias workshops
     – Training for Senior Leadership          unconscious bias with colleagues across         Board                     4        3          7
       Team on inclusive leadership            our businesses.                                 Executive team            6        2          8
     – Ethnicity reporting                                                                     SMT                      95       36        131
                                               Our inclusive leadership webinars were
                                               attended by all business MDs and other          All employees         1,998      910     2,909



     27%
                                               members of the Senior Leadership Team.
                                               We also have resources available on our         We have set an FY30 target for the Senior
                                               learning management system.                     Management Team (SMT) to be at least
                                                                                               40% women. We have made some progress
                                               During the year, we developed and               towards that during the year with 40% of
     of the Senior Management Team                                                             external recruitment into the SMT being
     are women                                 published our Group DEI policy, which
                                               provides guidance and standards for our         women. However, the influence of
                                               businesses to follow, including requesting      acquisitions remains a challenge, with just
     KPI                                       diverse shortlists from recruiters. We held     9% female representation amongst those
     % of women on the Senior                  workshops on the new policy with                that joined the SMT through acquisitions
     Management Team                           colleagues responsible for progressing          during FY22.
                                               DEI in their business, including senior
     FY30 Target                               management and HR.                              We also remain focused on improving the
     Women represent 40%+ of Senior                                                            gender diversity of those joining the SMT
     Management Team                           During these sessions, we shared the key        through internal recruitment by building a
                                               points of the Policy, our DEI targets and       gender-balanced pipeline of talent. Beyond
                                               our focus areas for FY23. This also gave        the SMT, our ambition is to achieve gender
     Ongoing Focus                                                                             balance across our workforce.
                                               attendees the opportunity to ask questions,
     – Succession planning
                                               share best practice and build networks.
     – Implementing the Diversity, Equity                                                      Ethnic diversity (as at 30 September)




                                               40%
       and Inclusion Policy across the Group
     – Further learning and knowledge                                                                                          Prefer
       sharing                                                                                               Non-    Ethnic    not to
                                                                                                          minority minority       say    Total
                                                                                               Board             7       0        0         7
                                                                                               SMT              98      13       20       131

                                                                                               We have also started to measure ethnicity
                                                                                               for the SMT. We have found that the
                                               of external hires into the                      percentage of the SMT that identify as
                                               Senior Management Team during the               belonging to an ethnic minority has
                                               year were women                                 increased slightly on the prior year (FY21:
                                                                                               7%). As with gender, this is largely due to
                                                                                               external hires into the SMT during the year.

                                               % of women on SMT

                                               2022                                      27%
                                               2021                                24%




40     Diploma PLC Annual Report 2022
Diversity of our Senior Management Team                             C A S E S T U DY


                                                                                                                  Overview
Gender diversity                      Ethnic diversity              International
                                                                    Women’s Day


        Women 27%                           Ethnic minority 10%
                                            Non-minority      75%
        Men 73%                             Prefer not to say 15%




                                                                                                                  Strategic Report



                                                                    International Women’s day was
                                                                    celebrated by businesses across the Group
Gender diversity across the Group




                                                                                                                  Corporate Governance
                                                                    on 8th March 2022.

Board                                 All employees                 Businesses brought their teams together
                                                                    at lunches, discussion groups and through
                                                                    fundraising events to discuss bias and the
                                                                    challenges faced by women in the workplace.

     Women 43%                             Women 31%                All colleagues were also given the
     Men 57%                               Men 69%                  opportunity to attend a #BreakTheBias
                                                                    workshop, which highlighted examples of
                                                                    unconscious bias and the role that we can
                                                                    all play in tackling it at work.




                                                                                                                  Financial Statements




                                                                                                                  Other Information




41   Diploma PLC Annual Report 2022
D ELI V ER I N G VA LU E R ESP O NSI B LY
CO NTI N U ED




DIPLOMA DELIVERS FOR
THE ENVIRONMENT




42   Diploma PLC Annual Report 2022
We are a Group whose businesses, supply
                                                                                                    Overview
chain and end users stretch across the globe.
As a distributor, our operational emissions are
relatively modest, and the vast majority of
our emissions will sit in Scope 3.




                                                                                                    Strategic Report
Calculation of our Scope 3 emissions is a        Our colleagues are increasingly passionate
complicated undertaking in a decentralised       about climate change and expect the Group
Group, such as ours. We are working to do        to drive progress and support their initiatives.
this ahead of submitting a net zero target       There is also the opportunity to deliver
to the Science-Based Targets Initiative (SBTi)   value to our customers by offering more
during FY23.                                     sustainable products and solutions, building
                                                 our knowledge and expertise, and working
The climate crisis is urgent and global, we      to be a more carbon-efficient business that
recognise the impact of our wider footprint      can support their net zero goals.
and the narrowing window of opportunity
to make a positive contribution in tackling      Our positive impact revenue initiatives help




                                                                                                    Corporate Governance
this crisis. Beyond the moral obligation that    us to position ourselves for commercial
we feel, we also see the contribution to the     growth with a positive impact on society
long-term value creation and growth of our       and the environment.
businesses.




                                                                                                    Financial Statements




                                                                                                    Other Information




43   Diploma PLC Annual Report 2022
D ELI V ER I N G VA LU E R ESP O NSI B LY
CO NTI N U ED




Sustainable Supply Chain Management
                                                  Management of our supply chain is key
     Our vision is for all of our key suppliers
     to be compliant with our Supplier Code.      to our broader social and environmental
                                                  impact as a Group, and a key part of our
     2022 Highlights                              strategy and commercial proposition. Our
     – Active engagement with our
       suppliers on the environment               focus is to work with our suppliers to tackle
     – Key suppliers identified and the
       process has started to align with
                                                  climate change and reduce our own impact
       our Supplier Code                          through more sustainable packaging,
                                                  logistics and products.

     59%
     of our identified key suppliers are
                                                  Percentage of identified key suppliers
                                                  aligned with our Supplier Code
                                                                                                 The standards of our Supplier Code ask
                                                                                                 our key supplier to commit to conducting
                                                                                                 their business according to high ethical,
     aligned with our Supplier Code                                                              professional and legal standards including
                                                                                                 those relating to human rights, labour
     KPI                                                                                         laws, anti-bribery and corruption and
     % of identified key suppliers aligned                                                       international trade laws and sanctions.
     with Supplier Code                                                                          We also ask that our suppliers work with us
                                                                                                 to reduce waste and emissions within our
                                                                                                 value chain.
     FY30 Target                                            Key suppliers aligned
     80% of key suppliers are aligned with                  with Supplier Code 59%               In the first year of reporting against this
     our Supplier Code                                                                           metric, a total of 578 key suppliers were
                                                                                                 identified across the Group. Not all of the
     Ongoing Focus                                                                               identified suppliers have been engaged
     – Continue to ensure alignment of                                                           on the Supplier Code – engagement is
       key suppliers with Supplier Code                                                          underway and so far, 59% of key suppliers
     – Align our Supply Chain Policy and                                                         have been engaged and are aligned with
       processes with our net zero targets                                                       the Supplier Code. We will continue to
     – Build our understanding of supplier                                                       engage the remaining identified key
       emissions                                                                                 suppliers and assess new key suppliers
                                                                                                 on an ongoing basis.
                                                  FY22 was the first full year of implementing
                                                  our Supply Chain Policy and engaging our
                                                                                                 We have also held workshops with supply
                                                  suppliers on our Supplier Code. Our
                                                                                                 chain roles across our businesses to help
                                                  businesses have worked hard to engage
                                                                                                 develop connections, share best practice
                                                  their suppliers and ensure their alignment
                                                                                                 and build understanding of the impact of
                                                  with the Supplier Code against a backdrop
                                                                                                 our supply chain management on our
                                                  of supply chain disruption that was
                                                                                                 emissions.
                                                  exacerbated by Covid-19.
                                                                                                 We will continue to build out this network
                                                  During the year, our businesses have
                                                                                                 and develop their knowledge of Scope 3
                                                  identified their key suppliers. These are
                                                                                                 emissions, as this function and supply chain
                                                  categorised by the businesses but must
                                                                                                 management will play a key role in our net
                                                  account in aggregate for at least 50% of
                                                                                                 zero strategy. We look forward to partnering
                                                  annual supplier spend. In addition, key
                                                                                                 with them on reducing emissions across our
                                                  suppliers may also include any high-volume
                                                                                                 value chain.
                                                  supplier, critical component supplier, or
                                                  non-substitutional supplier.




44     Diploma PLC Annual Report 2022
Tackling Emissions and Waste
                                                                                                                                                      Overview
                                              We are committed to net zero emissions
     To be net zero across our operations
     by 2040 and net zero across our value    across our value chain by 2050 at the latest.
     chain by 2050 at the latest.
                                              We have set an interim 50% reduction target
                                              for our own operations by FY30. We are
     2022 Highlights
     – Emissions flat, excluding the impact   currently calculating our Scope 3 and will


                                                                                                                                                      Strategic Report
       of new acquisitions during the year,
       despite strong organic growth
                                              submit our net zero targets for verification
     – Waste measured for the first time
     – Business-driven initiatives
                                              by the SBTi in FY23.


     10,615
     Total Scope 1 and 2 emissions            We are hugely grateful to our businesses              This target puts us on track to achieve
                                              and the brilliant colleagues that have                net zero emissions across our operations
                                              worked during the year to put sustainable             by 2040.
                                              initiatives in place at their facilities, including
                                              upgrading to LED lighting, introducing                The majority of our emissions are from
     Tonnes CO2e                              electric company car policies and reducing            heating, cooling and lighting our facilities,




                                                                                                                                                      Corporate Governance
                                              their waste.                                          with Scope 2 representing 74% of our
     Emissions KPI                                                                                  operational emissions. We intend to achieve
     % reduction of Scope 1 and 2             We have worked with EcoAct, an Atos                   our target by focusing on energy efficiency
     emissions (tonnes CO2e) against FY22     company (EcoAct), to review our Scope 1 & 2           initiatives and on-site renewable power
     baseline (10,615 tonnes CO2e)            emissions and set an FY22 base year for our           generation, as well as the purchase of
                                              SBTi-aligned target to reduce Scopes 1 & 2            renewable electricity.
     Waste KPI                                by 50% by 2030.
     % of total waste to landfill

     FY30 Emissions Target                                                                                                    FY22   FY21      FY20
                                              Greenhouse Gas Emissions           Scope 1 emissions                           3,256 2,554   773




                                                                                                                                                      Financial Statements
     50% reduction of Scope
     1 & 2 emissions on FY22 baseline         (tonnes CO2e)                      Scope 2 emissions                           7,359 7,271 3,558
                                                                                 Gross emissions                            10,615 9,825 4,331
     FY30 Waste Target
     Less than 15% waste to landfill

     Ongoing Focus                            Tonnes CO2e per £1m revenue                           Purchased electricity kWh

                                              10.5                                                  14,033,971
     – Set SBTi net zero target
     – Build internal knowledge of
       Scopes 1, 2 & 3
     – Divert waste from landfill             2022                            10.5                  2022                         14,033,971




                                                                                                                                                      Other Information
     – Set out a clear roadmap to             2021                                    12.5          2021                          13,947,147
       our 2030 targets                       2020                    8.0                           2020        7,762,447


                                              Gross emissions

                                              10,615
                                               2022                               10,615
                                               2021                              9,825
                                               2020       4,331




45     Diploma PLC Annual Report 2022
D ELI V ER I N G VA LU E R ESP O NSI B LY
CO NTI N U ED




There are some challenges to this as the         Waste                                           C A S E S T U DY
majority of our facilities are leased, which     Ahead of our Scope 3 calculation, we have
can prohibit solar panel installation or         started to measure our waste across the         Packaging
energy efficient upgrades. However, we           Group. This will be incorporated into our
have started to incorporate environmental        Scope 3 calculation and net zero targets
criteria into our facility requirements when     but is also an important metric for us to
negotiating or renewing leases.                  manage.

As part of the work we are doing to submit       Waste by destination
net zero targets to the SBTi, we have
reviewed our reporting methodology and
will focus on a percentage reduction of
Scope 1 & 2 emissions going forward.

During FY22, which is our baseline year,
we used actual emissions data from the
majority of our businesses (90% of Group                    60%    Landﬁll
revenue) and estimated the emissions of the                 36%    Recycling
remaining businesses. Metrics are reported                  3%     Energy from waste
quarterly by the businesses. For estimated                  1%     Other
emissions, stationary combustion is                                                              Packaging initiatives are being put in place
estimated on a percentage of revenue basis,                                                      across the Group. For many businesses, the
mobile combustion is estimated by applying                                                       focus has been on creating a more circular
the average vehicle GGEs to ‘out of scope’                                                       packaging system.
vehicles, and purchased electricity is
estimated on a percentage of revenue basis.                                                      Some businesses have invested in shredding
Calculations are location-based.                                                                 machines in order to reuse incoming
                                                                                                 cardboard packaging as packing material
Gross emissions for existing businesses have                                                     for outgoing orders. Other businesses have
remained relatively flat at 150 tonnes CO2e                                                      focused on removing non-recyclable
                                                 Waste per £m revenue 3.5                        elements from their packaging by replacing
less than FY21. Our Group emissions ratio
(tonnes CO2e per £1m revenue) has                Total waste          3,336 metric tonnes        plastic tape with paper tape – removing
decreased from 12.5 to 10.5, largely driven by                                                   more than a tonne of plastic for their
increased revenue. Total gross emissions for                                                     customers. Another scheme has completely
                                                 Our businesses (excluding acquisitions)         removed branding from all packaging. By
the Group were 10,615 tonnes CO2e, of which
                                                 report their total waste and waste by           working closely with our suppliers to have
18% (1,915 tonnes CO2e) was attributable to
                                                 destination every quarter, an exercise          products delivered in plain, cardboard
the UK.
                                                 that has significantly improved our             boxes, product packaging can be reused by
                                                 understanding of waste across our               our businesses and customers.
Consolidating and upgrading facilities has
                                                 businesses. There have been challenges
been particularly effective and we have
                                                 to collecting this data, due to the capacity    All of these initiatives support our ambition
seen a 30% reduction in Scope 2 emissions
                                                 of local waste haulers to measure waste,        to reduce our waste-to-landfill and overall
at our Hercules Aftermarket business in the
                                                 recycling infrastructure in some regions and    waste. It also supports our customers in
US due to moving operations to the more
                                                 variance of units that weight is measured in.   achieving their own net zero and waste
energy efficient Louisville facility. We have
also seen some benefit from energy                                                               reduction initiatives.
                                                 The businesses reported a total of 3,336
efficiency measures, such as upgrading to
                                                 metric tonnes of waste, of which 60% goes
LED lighting.
                                                 to landfill.
Consumption of purchased electricity for
the Group was 13,947,147kWh, of which 14%
(1,885,178kWh) was consumed in the UK.




46   Diploma PLC Annual Report 2022
                                      C A S E S T U DY


                                      Facility upgrades




                                      During FY22, our European Life Sciences business,
                                                                                               Overview
                                      Simonsen & Weel, moved into a new location that
                                      benefits from more efficient heating and cooling,
                                      solar panels, state-of-the-art insulation and electric
                                      vehicle charging. The business also decided to
                                      improve biodiversity in the surrounding area by
                                      sowing wildflower meadows on its surrounding land.



                                                                                               Strategic Report




                                                                                               Corporate Governance




                                                                                               Financial Statements




                                                                                               Other Information




47   Diploma PLC Annual Report 2022
D ELI V ER I N G VA LU E R ESP O NSI B LY
CO NTI N U ED




DIPLOMA DELIVERS
POSITIVE IMPACT




48   Diploma PLC Annual Report 2022
Our businesses deliver positive impact
                                                                                                Overview
through products and services that benefit
our society or environment. Growth initiatives
in these areas offer exciting commercial
opportunities and support our purpose.
Positive impact revenue is generated across     Our Life Sciences businesses offer diagnostic
all businesses from the sale of products,       solutions that make it quicker and easier to




                                                                                                Strategic Report
services and solutions that benefit our         identify life-threatening diseases, including
society or environment and support the          cutting-edge technology that allows for
transition to a more sustainable future.        early detection of diseases in newborns, and
Growth initiatives in these areas offer a key   home-testing kits for remote communities.
opportunity to positively impact our
stakeholders.                                   Our MRO seals business sells fluid-sealing
                                                solutions and trademarked products
There are huge opportunities to be found        specifically designed to prevent fugitive
in the scale of transformation required to      emissions.
create a more sustainable, low-carbon
economy, such as the adhesives we sell into     Our decentralised model gives us the agility




                                                                                                Corporate Governance
electric vehicle assembly or the seals sold     to capitalise on opportunities in these new
into renewable energy generation.               and fast-growing end segments as we work
                                                with our suppliers and their industries to
Our businesses also supply products that        innovate new, specialised products and
support healthy and safe communities,           solutions.
such as the highly-stranded silicone cable,
supplied by our Controls Sector, that is used   Our positive impact revenue streams are
in defibrilators and ECG electrodes.            an important component of our organic
                                                growth strategy and each Sector has
                                                growth plans in place.




                                                                                                Financial Statements




                                                                                                Other Information




49   Diploma PLC Annual Report 2022
D ELI V ER I N G VA LU E R ESP O NSI B LY
CO NTI N U ED




DIPLOMA DELIVERS
RESPONSIBLY




50   Diploma PLC Annual Report 2022
Our Group purpose is to consistently deliver
                                                                                                   Overview
value and reward our stakeholders by making
a positive difference to our colleagues, our
customers and suppliers, and our
communities. We are committed to fulfilling
our purpose in a way that is environmentally,
socially and ethically responsible.


                                                                                                   Strategic Report
DVR governance                                      The role of the DVR Steering Committee,
Our DVR governance structure is lean and            which is chaired by the Group CEO, is to
reflects our decentralised model. The Group         outline Group strategy against the DVR
has responsibility for providing direction          framework, set Group initiatives and
and support, and the Board has ultimate             targets, support the Sectors and businesses,
oversight and responsibility for DVR across         and monitor and communicate progress.
the Group.                                          The challenge of a decentralised business
                                                    can be to ensure alignment with Group
Operational execution takes place in our            objectives and drive meaningful progress.




                                                                                                   Corporate Governance
businesses, close to our customers.                 Communication is key to the effectiveness
Managing Directors are responsible for DVR          of DVR management across the Group and
performance of their business and are given         DVR features heavily in regular internal and
flexibility to prioritise DVR focus areas in line   SLT communications.
with materiality to their business. Targets
are set at Group and Sector level and the           Our Senior Leadership Team (SLT), which
Executive team, which includes the Group            includes business MDs, is updated quarterly
CEO and Sector CEOs, is responsible for             on DVR during regular SLT updates from the
performance within their area of                    CEO. They also attend in-depth sessions
responsibility.                                     with members of the DVR Steering
                                                    Committee to review performance and
In line with our 2021 pledge, DVR KPIs are now      DVR governance, receive updates on DVR




                                                                                                   Financial Statements
integrated into our regular management              strategy and policy changes, and share
reporting, including biannual updates on            their successes and best practice.
our emissions. Our businesses report their
emissions data quarterly to the Group,              The Executive team is updated on DVR
where it is reviewed by the senior finance          along with the SLT but also hold more
team and managed for improvement by                 detailed sessions biannually as part of the
the Sector leadership team.                         Executive Meetings. Sector CEOs meet
                                                    biannually with the DVR Steering
Positive Impact Revenue data is collected           Committee for a DVR Governance meeting
from each business and analysed twice a             to discuss DVR strategy, governance,
year as part of management reporting. This          climate-related risks and opportunities,




                                                                                                   Other Information
analysis is considered a useful tool for            and review progress and initiatives.
assessing climate-related risks and
opportunities. This data is reviewed by the         The Board holds an annual DVR session to
Sectors, Group Finance, DVR steering                review DVR strategy, objectives and
committee and the Board.                            progress. Climate-related risk management
                                                    is integrated into Group risk management.




51   Diploma PLC Annual Report 2022
D ELI V ER I N G VA LU E R ESP O NSI B LY
CO NTI N U ED




Our DVR governance structure

                                                             Oversight of DVR strategy &
                                               Diploma PLC   performance
                                                 Board &
                                                Group CEO    Oversight of climate-related
                          DVR strategy &                     risks & opportunities
                           framework
                                                             Sector & Group performance
                             Group DVR
                                                             against targets
                             governance
    DVR                                                      Sector & business
                            Reporting &         Executive
  Strategy                                                   governance and reporting
                            performance           team
 Committee
                                                             Identification &
                         Sharing resources,
                                                             management of Group &
                        tools, best practice
                                                             Sector climate-related risks
                             & support

                          Development of                     DVR performance and
                           DVR networks                      initiatives
                                                Business
                                               MDs & DVR
                                                             Identification and
                                               Committees
                                                             management of climate-
                                                             related risks




52   Diploma PLC Annual Report 2022
Our metrics and targets


                                                                                                                                                                                             Overview
FY22 is our first year of reporting against all of our DVR metrics and KPIs. We have set targets against each of our KPIs.
Focus Area                KPI                                       Target                         Target date               FY22                      Our long-term vision
Colleague                 Engagement index                          Maintain 70%+                  FY30                      79%                       All of our colleagues
Engagement                                                                                                                                             are highly engaged
Health & Safety           LTI rate                                  5% reduction                   FY30                      10.6                      No one is harmed
                          (Lost time incidents per                  year-on-year                                                                       at work
                          1,000 employees)
Diversity, Equity         % of women on the Senior                  Women represent                FY30                      27%                       A diverse and gender
and Inclusion             Management Team                           40%+ of Senior                                                                     balanced workforce
                                                                    Management Team




                                                                                                                                                                                             Strategic Report
Supply Chain              % of identified key suppliers             80% suppliers are              FY30                      59%1                      All key suppliers are
                          aligned with the standards                aligned with the                                                                   compliant with the
                          of the Diploma Supplier                   Supplier Code                                                                      Supplier Code
                          Code
Emissions                 % reduction of Scope 1 and                50% reduction                  FY30                      Baseline year:            To be net zero across
                          2 emissions against FY22                                                                           10,615 tonnes             our operations by 2040
                          baseline.                                                                                          CO2e                      and net zero across our
                                                                                                                                                       value chain by 2050 at
                                                                                                                                                       the latest
Waste                     % of total waste to landfill              Less than 15%                  FY30                      60%                       To be a zero-to-landfill
                                                                    waste to landfill                                                                  business




                                                                                                                                                                                             Corporate Governance
1 Key suppliers are required to cover in aggregate at least 50% of supplier spend. In the first year of reporting against this metric, 578 key suppliers were identified across the Group.
  Engagement on the Supplier Code is underway and 59% have been engaged and aligned with the standards of the Supplier Code.


Responsible business
We recognise our obligation to undertake all business dealings in an ethical and responsible fashion, including interactions with employees,
customers, suppliers, shareholders and advisors.

In line with our decentralised model, business dealings are managed at a local level and the Group expects senior management to ensure
the highest standards of integrity, ethics and professionalism.

Charitable donations




                                                                                                                                                                                             Financial Statements
Our businesses operate across multiple communities. It is important that our colleagues can support and donate to the communities that
they belong to. During the year, charitable donations across the Group totalled £122,733 (2021: £70,374) this included a donation to support
those affected by the war in Ukraine. No political donations were made.




                                                                                                                                                                                             Other Information




53     Diploma PLC Annual Report 2022
D ELI V ER I N G VA LU E R ESP O NSI B LY
CO NTI N U ED




Taskforce on Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD): our response
We recognise that climate change is an urgent and global crisis, and we are committed to building our understanding of its potential
impact on our Group as well as making a positive contribution to a low-carbon future. We operate a decentralised model across a large
number of geographically spread businesses with lean management structures. Our approach to climate impact reporting has focused
initially on developing a sound understanding of our own emissions (Scope 1 and 2) in order to set credible and sensible reduction targets
(published on page 53 of this report). With many thousands of supply chain partners, we are on a journey to understand our Scope 3
emissions and, as a consequence, our ability to create credible climate change scenario models. We have already engaged third party
expertise, engaging EcoAct in FY22, and will increase internal resources in this area in the coming months. This will enable us to make
material progress during the first half of FY23. We expect to have fully compliant TCFD reporting by the end of FY23.

At the time of publication, we have made climate-related financial disclosures consistent with the TCFD recommendations against the
following:
– Governance (a) and (b)
– Strategy (a)
– Risk management (a), (b) and (c)

For strategy disclosures (b) and (c), further work is underway to understand the impact of climate-related risks and opportunities and
we are planning to undertake scenario analysis during FY23. Our understanding of these risks will be further informed by scenario analysis
during FY23 in order to comply with metrics and targets disclosures (a), (b) and (c). We have disclosed our Scope 1 and 2 emissions and
targets in this report as well as some of the related risks. We are not currently fully consistent with metrics and targets disclosures (b) and
(c) as we have not disclosed our Scope 3 emissions or targets. However, we have engaged EcoAct to review and advise on our methodology
for calculating our Scope 1 and 2 emissions, calculate our Scope 3 footprint and support us in submitting ‘near-term targets’ to the SBTi in
FY23 that consider long-term target alignment in achieving net zero no later than 2050.

The further work outlined above, and which is required for consistency with the recommended TCFD disclosures, will be completed during
FY23 and the findings will be published in our FY23 Annual Report.

G OV ER N A N CE
Disclose the organisation’s governance around climate-related risks and opportunities


Board Oversight                                                                                                         DVR governance
The Board is accountable for Diploma’s response to climate change and has ultimate oversight of climate-related         structure: page 52
risks and opportunities as well as our DVR strategy. In order to remain well-informed and improve decision-
making, the Directors received regular reports and updates during the year, including:                                  Internal control and
                                                                                                                        risk Management:
– Reports on macroeconomic trends, including the risks of climate change, that allow the Board to review the            pages 80-88
  Group’s principal, new and emerging risks together with mitigating actions
– Quarterly risk updates                                                                                                Governance:
– Training on TCFD reporting and trends from PwC                                                                        pages 90-141
– Annual ESG updates
                                                                                                                        Nomination
The Board is responsible for overseeing the integration of climate-related risks into the Group’s overall risk          Committee Report:
management framework. Where specific expertise is required, the Board engages external experts to support.              pages 108-113
A key example of this is the engagement of EcoAct to review and advise on our methodology for calculating our
Scope 1 and 2 emissions, review and calculate our Scope 3 footprint, and support us in setting net zero targets
and submitting them to the SBTi in FY23.

Management’s role
Management plays a key role in assessing and managing climate-related risks and opportunities. The Group CEO
chairs the DVR Steering Group, which is responsible for the Group’s DVR strategy and progress, including setting
emissions targets and reviewing performance. Sector CEOs are responsible for identifying and assessing climate-
related risks and opportunities at Sector level. Our Group MDs are responsible for identifying and managing
climate-related risks and opportunities in their business.

Our DVR governance structure applies to the governance of climate-related risks and opportunities.




54   Diploma PLC Annual Report 2022
S T R AT EGY

                                                                                                                                                  Overview
Disclose the actual and potential impacts of climate-related risks and opportunities on the organisation’s
businesses, strategy and financial planning


We expect to see increased physical risks due to extreme weather events in the mid to long term – largely in our           Internal control and
US facilities – with the potential to impact operations and increase costs due to damage to Diploma property               risk management:
and assets as well as supply chain disruption.                                                                             pages 80-88

For the purposes of assessing climate-related risk, we have adopted the following timelines: short term: 0-3 years
(consistent with the time period for the Group’s viability assessment); mid term: 3-10 years; and long term: 10+
years (both of which are considered to be appropriate time horizons to assess mid-to-long-term climate-risks to




                                                                                                                                                  Strategic Report
the Group).

In the mid term, we plan to take advantage of facility-related opportunities to build resilience to extreme weather
events, such as the selection of more climate resilient locations, improved drainage systems, on-site energy
generation and more efficient cooling, heating and insulation. We have started to integrate environmental
requirements when negotiating or renewing facility contracts or leases, including on-site renewable energy
generation and improved energy efficiency.

In the short term, we do not expect significant increases in extreme weather events beyond the current
experience of the businesses. This risk is expected to increase in the medium to long term as the regularity and
severity of weather events may increase. These are largely mitigated by the continued diversification of the




                                                                                                                                                  Corporate Governance
supplier base to reduce dependencies, continuous diversification of the customer base with low end market
dependencies, and actions taken to invest in site resilience.

In the mid to long term we would also anticipate an increase in risks associated with the transition to a low-
carbon economy. This includes the potential decline in certain end markets in which the Group operates,
changing user preferences or a demand for lower-carbon products. However, our diversified supply chain and end
markets means that we are not heavily dependent on one particular end market or product line. The agility of our
decentralised distribution model allows us to pivot quickly. Proactive positive impact revenue initiatives, which are
in place at every business, are driving our businesses to pursue opportunities in new and emerging low-carbon end
markets.

We do not expect a significant impact from the risk of changing markets or consumer preferences in the short to




                                                                                                                                                  Financial Statements
mid term as we do not expect any of the industries that we serve to decline rapidly or cease to be in existence due
to climate change. We do anticipate that our end markets may evolve but equally believe that our decentralised
model is agile enough to evolve with them. Our low dependency on any specific industry mitigates our exposure.
We also expect to identify climate-related opportunities, including the opportunity to improve our operational
efficiency, deliver value to our customers and suppliers by aligning with them on their net zero ambitions, and
supply specialised products and solutions to high-growth, low-carbon end markets.

During the year, the Board considered potential risks, threats and opportunities and identified climate change
and its impacts as an emerging risk. However, we strongly believe that climate-related risks and opportunities
will require further analysis. During FY23 we have committed to undertake scenario analysis in order to assess the
impact of climate-related risks and opportunities on our businesses, strategy and financial planning. Scenario




                                                                                                                                                  Other Information
analysis will offer us a better understanding of the climate-related risks and opportunities that are most relevant
to our Group, the impact of those risks and opportunities, as well as our resilience to identified risks. This will also
inform the associated mitigation, action plans and financial impacts.




55   Diploma PLC Annual Report 2022
D ELI V ER I N G VA LU E R ESP O NSI B LY
CO NTI N U ED




R I S K M A N AG EM EN T
How the organisation identifies, assesses and manages climate-related risks


We take the same approach to identifying and monitoring climate-related risks as we do for strategic,                    Internal control and
operational, financial and other macro risks as outlined in the internal control and risk management section             risk management:
of the Annual Report.                                                                                                    pages 80-88

Our decentralised model means that local businesses are responsible for identifying, assessing and managing
risks to their businesses. The businesses use a framework to map risks, based on both likelihood and impact to
the business. As part of the biannual DVR governance process, these risks are reviewed by the DVR Steering
Committee and Sector leadership.

The Board holds ultimate responsibility for risk management and oversight and for ensuring appropriate systems
of control are in place, as well as horizon scanning for emerging and potential risks. They are informed of the
outcomes of risk reviews ahead of reviewing and approving principal risks. The Audit Committee ensures the
effectiveness of the internal control environment for the Group and that the Group’s risk management,
governance and internal control are operating effectively.


M E T R I C S A N D TA RG E T S
Disclose the metrics and targets used to assess and manage relevant climate-related risks and opportunities


We recognise that the emissions produced as a result of our operations and value chain contribute to climate             Emissions metrics:
change and global warming. We also recognise the opportunity to partake in global efforts to tackle climate              page 53
change as well as our exposure to some transitional risks by making active efforts to reduce our emissions.
                                                                                                                         Governance:
We measure and manage our businesses on their actual Scope 1 and 2 emissions as well as a combined emissions             pages 90-141
ratio for Scope 1 and 2. These are reported quarterly by our businesses alongside qualitative reporting on initiatives
and progress. These metrics and our performance against these metrics can be found on pages 36-47.                       Audit Committee
                                                                                                                         Report: 102-107
During the year, we have worked with EcoAct to review our Scope 1 and 2 reporting metrics and calculation
methodology and are currently working with them to analyse and calculate our Scope 3 emissions.

We have announced a 50% reduction target for Scopes 1 and 2 by FY30 against an FY22 baseline. This target
aligns with the analysis of our value-chain emissions and Scope 3 calculations currently being undertaken ahead
of submitting net zero targets to the SBTi in line with the <1.5 degree pathway. Our target for Scope 1 and 2 will
reduce our own contribution to the increase in physical climate impacts and help us to focus on improving the
energy efficiency of our facilities. Alongside the calculation of our Scope 3 footprint and net zero targets, it will
reduce our exposure to some transitional risks.

Our Scope 3 calculation will also help us to better understand the carbon impact of our business as it relates
to both physical and transitional climate-related risks.




56   Diploma PLC Annual Report 2022
Our policies and procedures


                                                                                                                                        Overview
Anti-bribery & Corruption             The Group has a policy on anti-bribery and corruption that complies with the requirements
                                      of the Bribery Act 2010. This policy is reviewed periodically to ensure continued and effective
                                      compliance in our businesses around the world. We provide online training to all of our
                                      businesses through our Learning Management System, including senior management and
                                      employees in customer and supplier management roles.
Code of Conduct                       Our Code of Conduct sets out the expected standards of conduct and behaviour of all
                                      employees across Diploma as they relate to our people, governance and the law, social
                                      media, and stakeholder engagement. Much of the Code of Conduct is underpinned by
                                      other Group policies, including Modern Slavery, Whistleblowing, Diversity, Equity and
                                      Inclusion, and Health & Safety.




                                                                                                                                        Strategic Report
Diversity, Equity and Inclusion       Our Diversity, Equity and Inclusion (DEI) Policy applies to all our businesses and every aspect
                                      of how we work, and we believe our business leaders play a key role in creating an inclusive,
                                      diverse and equitable workplace. We believe that an effective DEI strategy will add value to
                                      our business, contribute to employee wellbeing and satisfaction, and allow us to recruit and
                                      retain a wider pool of exceptional talent.
Equal Opportunity                     We are an equal opportunities employer with zero tolerance of any form of discrimination
                                      due to ethnicity, background, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity, pregnancy and
                                      maternity, citizenship, nationality, marital status or any other protected characteristic. We
                                      comply with all applicable DEI and inclusion laws, regulations and standards and apply
                                      responsible standards where legislation is inadequate. We encourage all members of




                                                                                                                                        Corporate Governance
                                      Diploma to call out discrimination, or discriminatory behaviour, either through their line
                                      manager or through our whistleblowing hotline.
Environmental Policy                  Our Environment Policy applies to all businesses and asks that they comply with the
                                      standards and requirements set out. These include complying with, or exceeding, all
                                      applicable environmental laws, understanding the risks and opportunities related to the
                                      environment and climate change and how they might impact the business. All businesses
                                      are required to submit data on their emissions and waste.
Health & Safety Policy                Our objective is to ensure the Health & Safety of our colleagues, visitors and partners
                                      through a proactive culture, clear standards, good governance, and rigorous reporting




                                                                                                                                        Financial Statements
                                      of incidents. Group performance and protocols are reviewed regularly to ensure that
                                      suitable standards are maintained and the Board reviews Health & Safety protocols and
                                      performance annually. The Group CEO has ultimate responsibility for Health & Safety across
                                      the Group, including ensuring provision of a safe working environment. Operating businesses
                                      are responsible for developing procedures and frameworks to suit their specific risk level.
Human Rights and Labour Conditions    The Group’s activities are principally carried out in countries with strong human rights
                                      legislation, which the Group complies with in the countries in which it operates. Our
                                      businesses carry out due diligence on their supply chain and our key suppliers are asked to
                                      comply with our Supplier Code, which has standards and requirements related to human
                                      rights and labour conditions. Our own colleagues are provided with a safe, secure and
                                      healthy environment in which to work and have access to employee assistance programmes.




                                                                                                                                        Other Information
Modern Slavery Statement              The Group has a zero-tolerance approach to slavery in all its forms, including human
                                      trafficking, forced labour and child labour. Each business undertakes an annual risk
                                      assessment of modern slavery within the business and its principal suppliers. Group
                                      businesses also monitor and carry out due diligence of suppliers. Based on these
                                      assessments and the initiatives implemented by the businesses to counter slavery, the
                                      Board has been assured that slavery is not taking place within the Group. Our Modern
                                      Slavery Statement is available on the Diploma PLC website.
Whistleblowing Policy                 We have a Group-wide Whistleblowing Policy that applies to all employees and businesses
                                      and is monitored by the Audit Committee. The Policy is displayed on noticeboards at all
                                      businesses. Employees are encouraged to raise concerns via the confidential, multilingual
                                      hotline, which is independently managed by an external company and is available 24/7, 365
                                      days a year. All reports are reviewed by the Group Company Secretary to ensure appropriate
                                      investigation with the support of internal audit and external resources, if required.


57   Diploma PLC Annual Report 2022
KE Y PERFORMANCE INDIC ATORS




MEASURING                                   We measure our performance against
OUR                                         a number of financial and non-financial
                                            metrics which reflect how we are delivering
PROGRESS                                    against our strategic objectives (as set out
                                            on pages 22-33), our financial model (see page
                                            22) and our ESG framework (see pages 34-57).

FINANCIAL KPIs
Organic revenue growth                                                   18     19     20     21     22
Organic revenue growth is the Group’s
number one priority. We focus on               6%                                             +12
                                                                                                     +15
products and solutions which are               Five-year average
                                                                         +7
critical to customers’ needs, giving                                            +5
resilience to revenues. We target                                                      -7
mid-single digit organic growth.

Reported revenue growth                                                  18     19     20     21     22
We aim to deliver sustainable double-
digit growth through a combination             18%                                                   1,013
of organic growth and high-quality,            Five-year compound                             787
value-enhancing acquisitions which                                       485    545    538
accelerate our organic growth.


Adjusted operating margin                                                18     19     20     21     22
Our differentiated value-added
solutions and customer-focused                 17.9%                     17.5   17.8
                                                                                       16.2
                                                                                              18.9   18.9
approach drive customer loyalty                Five-year average
and create pricing power, supporting
sustainable and attractive margins.
We target a margin of 17%+.

Adjusted EPS                                                             18     19     20     21     22
EPS growth is a measure of how
successful we have been in growing             17%                                                   107.5
organically and through acquisition,           Five-year compound                             85.2
including capital allocation and tax                                            64.3
                                                                         56.4          56.4
considerations. We target double-digit
EPS growth.

Free cash flow conversion                                                18     19     20     21     22
A strong balance sheet and cash flow
fund our growth strategy and provide           96%                       95
                                                                                       113
                                                                                              103
healthy, growing dividends. We target          Five-year average                78
                                                                                                     90

free cash flow conversion of 90%+.



ROATCE                                                                   18     19     20     21     22
This measures how successful we are at
generating returns on the investments we       20.2%                     24.5
                                                                                22.9
make. We target ROATCE in the high teens.      Five-year average                       19.1
                                                                                              17.4   17.3




58   Diploma PLC Annual Report 2022
                                                                                                                                                                                             Overview




                                                                                                                                                                                             Strategic Report
NON-FINANCIAL KPIs
O U R CO LLE AG U E S
Engagement index                                                 Lost time incident (LTI) rate                                    % women on the Senior Management
An externally benchmarked score from our                         Number of LTIs per 1,000 employees                               Team (SMT)
annual engagement survey




             70%+                                                                                                                 40%+
TA RG E T                                                        TA RG E T                                                        F Y 30 TA RG E T
                                                                 5% year-on-year reduction




                                                                                                                                                                                             Corporate Governance
maintain




  21                           22                                  20            21             22                                  21                           22




                                                                                                                                                                                             Financial Statements
             79%                          79%                           8.2           10.1           10.8                                       24%                          27%




O U R EN V I RO N M EN T
% key suppliers aligned                                          % of total waste to landfill                                     % reduction of Scope 1 & 2 emissions
with Supplier Code1                                                                                                               against FY22 baseline




80%                                                              <15%                                                             50%
F Y 30 TA RG E T                                                 F Y 30 TA RG E T                                                 F Y 30 TA RG E T




                                                                                                                                                                                             Other Information
of key suppliers aligned with                                    waste to landfill                                                reduction in Scope 1 & 2
Supplier Code by FY30                                                                                                             emissions




59%                                                              60%                                                              10,615
2022                                                             2022                                                             2022 (baseline year)



                                                                                                                                                                      tonnes CO2e
1 Key suppliers are required to cover in aggregate at least 50% of supplier spend. In the first year of reporting against this metric, 578 key suppliers were identified across the Group.
  Engagement on the Supplier Code is underway and 59% have been engaged and aligned with the standards of the Supplier Code.




59     Diploma PLC Annual Report 2022
SEC TOR RE VIE W




CONTROLS
SECTOR




60   Diploma PLC Annual Report 2022
The Controls Sector                                                     Revenue by segment1

businesses supply                                                                                                                Overview

specialised wiring,
cable, connectors,                                                                         50%   Windy City Wire

fasteners, control                                                                         22%
                                                                                           10%
                                                                                                 Interconnect
                                                                                                 Specialty Fasteners

devices and adhesives
                                                                                           9%    Wire & Cable (UK)




                                                                                                                                 Strategic Report
                                                                                           6%    Fluid Controls

for a range of
                                                                                           3%    Adhesives



technically demanding
applications.
                                                                        Revenue by geography1
Windy City Wire (WCW): 50%          Specialty Fasteners: 10%




                                                                                                                                 Corporate Governance
A leading value-added               Specialty, premium-quality
distributor of premium quality      fasteners together with
low voltage cable and wire.         technical support, quality
WCW’s comprehensive cable           specification and other
management systems generate         value-added services for
significant time and cost           customers in Civil Aerospace,
savings for customers.              Motorsport, Defence and
                                                                                           58% North America
                                    general Industrial. We also
                                                                                           23% UK
Wire & Cable (UK): 9%               support key customers with
                                                                                           16% Continental Europe
Specialist and flexible cable       our automated inventory
                                                                                           3% Other
products and cable                  replenishment solutions.




                                                                                                                                 Financial Statements
identification, termination and
management products, and            Fluid Controls: 6%
cable management solutions          Fluid controllers, compressors,
across a broad base of              valves, temperature and
customers in Europe.                pressure measurement devices,
                                    and specialised liquid dispensing
Interconnect: 22%                   components primarily for
Harness components and              customers in the UK Food &
specialist connectors used in       Beverage sector.
technically demanding                                                   Reported revenue (£m)
applications across multiple        Adhesives: 3%                       (compound growth over five years)



                                                                        +30% p.a.
                                    Specialty silicones, adhesives




                                                                                                                                 Other Information
industries in Europe and the US.
Our businesses supply a range       and sealants together with
of products and value-add           technical support and other
services and products including     value-added services.
protective sleeving, cut-to-
length tubing, kitting, connector                                       22                                               492.8
assembly and prototype                                                  21                                 343.2
quantities of customised                                                20           156.6
multi-core cables.
                                                                        19              178.3
                                                                        18         142.5




                                                                        1 Pro forma revenues adjusted for acquisitions
                                                                          and disposals completed during the year.



61   Diploma PLC Annual Report 2022
 SEC TO R R E V I E W
 CO N T RO L S CO NTI N U ED




                                       FI N A N CI A L H I G H LI G H T S

                                                                       FY 2022               FY 2021               Change in the year
                                       Revenue
                                                                       £492.8m               £343.3m               +44%
                                       Organic revenue
                                       growth                          +24%                  +16%
                                       Adjusted operating
                                       profit                          £105.8m               £72.4m                +46%
                                       Adjusted operating
                                       margin                          21.5%                 21.1%                 +40bps
“Our International Controls
 businesses have shown                 – Share gains in high growth end markets              – Product extension: excellent organic
 tremendous energy in                    and compelling customer proposition                   growth in our new Adhesives business line,
                                         driving an excellent WCW performance:                 with a bolt-on acquisition to add scale
 building momentum – it’s                organic revenue growth 32%, including                 and diversify end markets
 been great to see their hard            double-digit volume growth
 work pay off this past year.”         – International Controls organic growth
                                         18%, with accelerating growth in
 David Goode                             attractive end segments while also
 Sector CEO, Controls                    broadening US and European exposure


                                       Sector financial performance                          The International Controls Wire & Cable
                                       The Controls Sector delivered a very strong           business, Shoal Group, performed very well
                                       full year performance, with reported                  against a strong comparator. This reflects
                                       revenues materially higher, up 44% to                 supportive end markets and revenue
                                       £492.8m (2021: £343.3m). This consisted of            initiatives to drive growth in new products,
                                       organic growth of 24%, an 11% contribution            through ecommerce and in new markets
                                       from acquisitions and a 9% foreign                    including electric vehicles, distribution
                                       exchange tailwind.                                    centres, data centres and renewables. The
                                                                                             addition of SWA last year has also improved
                                       Adjusted operating profit increased 46% to            access to the electrical wholesale market
                                       £105.8m (2021: £72.4m), with the adjusted             and creates cross-selling opportunities.
                                       operating margin 40bps higher year-on-
                                       year at 21.5%. Both International Controls            Double-digit organic growth at
                                       and WCW contributed to this margin                    Interconnect reflects strength across the
                                       expansion, with scale benefits and                    board, particularly our German energy
                                       performance more than offsetting                      activities where organic growth was over
                                       investment in growth and mix effects.                 30%, helped by upgrades to the
“It’s been another great year                                                                transmission and distribution network.
 for Windy City Wire thanks            International Controls (50% of Sector                 Other key growth segments include
 to our great proposition,             revenue1) enjoyed a successful year as a              motorsport, aerospace and medical.
                                       result of organic revenue initiatives and             Interconnect’s recent US acquisition, LJR,
 winning culture and ability           market share gains in buoyant end markets,            has also made an excellent start delivering
 to deliver for the customer.”         particularly civil aerospace. This translated         double-digit organic revenue growth, with
                                       into organic growth of 18%, with sustained            its superior service levels and customer
 Rich Galgano                          momentum throughout the year and                      proximity underpinning market share gains.
 CEO, Windy City Wire                  double-digit growth across all business lines.        The business is investing in sales resource
                                       Positive pricing contributed, but volume              to sustain this momentum. The only area
                                       growth was the primary driver of organic              of weakness was Gremtek, a more
                                       growth. The overall International Controls            automotive-focused French business whose
                                       margin increased slightly, with positive              customer base has been impacted by
                                       operating leverage on volume growth                   semi-conductor chip shortages.
                                       partially diluted by investment in growth
                                       and mix effects, including acquisitions.              Specialty Fasteners delivered very strong
                                                                                             growth, taking share in recovering
                                                                                             aerospace end markets and benefiting from
                                                                                             diversification into new and exciting end
                                       1 Pro forma adjusted for acquisitions and disposals   segments. AHW, the US business acquired
                                         completed during the year.

 62   Diploma PLC Annual Report 2022
last year, has now been integrated into our    Strategic progress                                    C A S E S T U DY


                                                                                                                                                    Overview
existing operation; the combined business is   Delivering on our growth strategy:
winning new contracts and capitalising on      – Our Controls businesses are benefiting              High growth end
                                                                                                     markets
recovering aerospace demand. Geographic          from initiatives to capture growth in
diversification has also been a theme in         structurally growing end segments – from
aerospace, with growth in Asia and an            data centres and digital antenna systems
important contract win in France for a           at WCW to electric vehicles and energy
major seating manufacturer. Newer end            in International Controls which is also
markets such as space are growing rapidly,       pushing into emerging markets such as
while growth in high performance road            space and unmanned aerial vehicles.
vehicles and Formula One rule changes          – Continued geographic diversification
have also contributed.                           of International Controls, building scale
                                                 outside the UK – our German energy




                                                                                                                                                    Strategic Report
Fluid Controls had another good year,            business has delivered excellent growth;
delivering strong double-digit growth and        Fasteners is winning share in Asia and
capitalising on the recovering food and          Europe; and acquisitions in Fasteners and
beverage market.                                 Interconnect are now delivering strong
                                                 organic growth in the US.
In Adhesives, Techsil continued to perform     – Product adjacencies remain an
extremely well, with broad-based growth          incremental component of our businesses’
in key automotive end markets where              growth including through supplier
adhesives have many applications. The            diversification and cross-selling.
                                                                                                     Our Adhesives business delivered >20%
business has particularly benefited from       – M&A to accelerate organic growth:
                                                                                                     organic growth, helped by exposure to high
the diversity of its customer footprint and      – Strategic acquisition of LJR Electronics




                                                                                                                                                    Corporate Governance
                                                                                                     growth end markets. Our products and
is winning new projects with customers              in February for £21m to build scale in
                                                                                                     solutions have many applications, including
supplying into the EV and                           the world’s largest developed
                                                                                                     in electronic control units for electric and
telecommunications markets. In September,           interconnect market, also giving our
                                                                                                     autonomous vehicles and for waterproofing
we completed a small adhesives bolt-on,             existing operation in Indianapolis the
                                                                                                     connections as part of a large scale fibre
acquiring the trade and assets of Silicone          ability to leverage LJR’s supply chain.
                                                                                                     optic roll-out in the UK by a major
Solutions (£3m) to add scale and diversify       – Continued build out of our new
                                                                                                     telecommunications company.
end markets.                                        adhesives business line with the
                                                    acquisition of Silicone Solutions for £3m,
Windy City Wire (50% of Sector revenue1)            further diversifying end markets.
                                                                                                     Read more
(WCW) had another excellent year, building
                                                                                                     diplomaplc.com/about-us/our-sectors/
on its strong track record. Organic growth     Building scale in our value-added businesses:
                                                                                                     controls




                                                                                                                                                    Financial Statements
was 32%, with double-digit volume growth       – Acquired last year, we have fully
against strong comparators, as well as the       integrated AHW into our existing US
pass through of higher year-on-year copper       Fasteners operation, merging our facilities
prices. The impact of copper moderated           at Long Beach and Huntingdon Beach.
through the middle of the year as we             The US business is now a single, combined
started to lap stronger comparators. The         entity under one management team and
business has benefited from its exposure         on a single ERP system.
to high growth end markets in areas related    – Continued progress with the project to
to building automation, security access,         move our UK cable businesses towards
data centres and digital antenna systems.        a single management structure and ERP.
Over and above this, WCW has taken             – Ongoing investment in talent, including
market share as a result of its compelling       sales hires to drive growth and supply




                                                                                                                                                    Other Information
customer proposition and superior product        chain and operations directors to support
availability, underpinned by a secure and        the execution of our core competencies.
stable supply chain.                           – Incremental investment in technology
                                                 and facility, including barcoding in
Volume growth combined with a well               Interconnect in the UK and a number
invested platform has translated into very       o1aller ERP projects.
strong operating leverage and operating
margins above the Group average. Over          We have made good strategic progress
the last two years, WCW has doubled its        in Controls as we diversify end segments
operating profit and significantly             to increase resilience, and broaden our
outperformed its acquisition case,             geographic and product addressable markets.
generating high-teens ROATCE in year           The Sector has good momentum, and we
two, well ahead of expectations.               are positive about its future prospects.

                                               1 Pro forma adjusted for acquisitions and disposals
                                                 completed during the year.

63   Diploma PLC Annual Report 2022
SEC TOR RE VIE W




SEALS
SECTOR




64   Diploma PLC Annual Report 2022
The Seals Sector                                                      Revenue by segment1

businesses supply a                                                                                                             Overview

range of seals, gaskets,
cylinders, components
and kits used in heavy
                                                                                      47%      International Seals
                                                                                      23%      NA Aftermarket
                                                                                      18%
mobile machinery and
                                                                                               US Industrial OEM
                                                                                      12%      US MRO




                                                                                                                                Strategic Report
a diverse range of fluid
power products with
Aftermarket, OEM
and MRO applications.                                                 Revenue by geography1




                                                                                                                                Corporate Governance
International Seals: 47%          US Industrial OEM: 18%
Our Seals businesses in Europe    Supplies seals, gaskets, O-rings
and Australia supply seals,       and custom-moulded and
gaskets, pumps and related        machined parts. The business
accessories, custom-moulded       works closely with customers to
and machined parts, hydraulic     specify the most appropriate
cylinder components, and a        seal design, material and                           50% North America
diverse range of fluid power      manufacturer for the                                37% UK & Europe
products to Aftermarket, OEM      application; provides technical                     13% International
and MRO customers.                support during product




                                                                                                                                Financial Statements
                                  development; and delivers the
North American                    logistics capabilities to support
Aftermarket: 23%                  small to medium-sized
Supplies a variety of seals,      production runs.
generally on a next-day basis,
for a broad range of mobile       US Maintenance, Repair &
machinery used in heavy           Overhaul (MRO): 12%
Construction, Mining and          Our MRO business, VSP
Agriculture. Products are used    Technologies (VSP), supplies
in repair and maintenance after   high-quality gaskets and fluid      Reported revenue (£m)
equipment has completed its       sealing products to critical        (compound growth over five years)



                                                                      +11% p.a.
                                                                                                                                Other Information
initial warranty period or been   services in high-cost-of-failure
sold on the pre-used market.      applications. The business works
Customers are mainly repair       directly with customers to
shops, engine and transmission    improve sealing performance,
rebuilders and other heavy        providing expertise, product
equipment parts distributors.     recommendations and training.       22                                                331.4
                                  VSP sells primarily to              21                                        263.7
                                  transportation, chemical            20                                     242.1
                                  processing, power and marine        19                                220.6
                                  customers.                          18                             208.0




                                                                      1 Pro forma revenues adjusted for acquisitions
                                                                        and disposals completed during the year.



65   Diploma PLC Annual Report 2022
 SEC TO R R E V I E W
 S E A L S CO NTI N U ED




                                       FI N A N CI A L H I G H LI G H T S

                                                                       FY 2022               FY 2021                Change in the year
                                       Revenue
                                                                       £331.4m               £263.7m                +26%
                                       Organic revenue
                                       growth                          +14%                  +7%
                                       Adjusted operating
                                       profit                          £62.6m                £46.5m                 +35%
                                       Adjusted operating
                                       margin                          18.9%                 17.6%                  +130bps
“The team has been the
 standout highlight of my              – Geographic penetration: Louisville giving             broaden the Seals product portfolio into
 first year – they’ve shown              access to previously untapped Western                 pneumatics, expanding addressable
                                         and Midwestern states, driving                        markets
 great leadership in driving             accelerated market share gains in North             – Building scale: acquisition of ACT,
 growth in a tough supply                American Aftermarket                                  a supplier of innovative anti-corrosion
 chain environment. I’d like           – Diversification in growth end segments:               products and solutions, adds further scale
                                         International Seals organic growth 11%                to the high quality platform for growth
 to thank them all for their             with broad-based growth against a                     we have built in Australia over the last
 commitment.”                            strong comparator                                     three years
                                       – Product extension: strategic acquisition of
 Ted Messmer                             R&G in April to build scale in the UK and
 Sector CEO, North American Seals

                                       Sector financial performance                          been coupled with commercial initiatives,
                                       Reported revenues increased 26% to                    including investment in sales and marketing,
                                       £331.4m (2021: £263.7m), reflecting 14%               to build brand recognition in newer locations.
                                       organic growth, a 6% contribution from                Organic growth in the US was over 26%;
                                       acquisitions and a 6% benefit from foreign            growth in some Western states was higher
                                       exchange translation.                                 still. The International Aftermarket businesses
                                                                                             also had a good year, with double-digit
                                       Adjusted operating profit outperformed                organic growth, as they continue to diversify
                                       revenue growth, increasing 35% to £62.6m              into new markets, especially industrial and
                                       (2021: £46.5m) with the adjusted operating            non-hydraulic repair.
                                       margin 130bps higher year-on-year at 18.9%
                                       (2021: 17.6%). This was primarily due to              Organic growth was very strong for MRO,
                                       a step up in the North American margin                driven by revenue diversification initiatives
                                       which benefited from the end of dual-                 and positive end market demand.
                                       running costs and improved efficiency at              Investment in broadening the business’s
“2022 was a transformational           Louisville, as well as gains in MRO. The              value-add capabilities and new proprietary
 year for International Seals:         Sector margin has also benefited from                 products is translating into new customer
 we’ve welcomed around 400             positive operating leverage on higher                 wins and market share capture. The end
                                       volumes and the disposal of the lower                 market backdrop was positive, with
 new colleagues from R&G               margin Kentek business, partially offset              sustained momentum in industrial markets
 and other businesses and              by the acquisition of R&G.                            and a tailwind from strong growth in the
 enter the year ahead better                                                                 later cycle transportation market.
                                       North American Seals (53% of Sector
 positioned than ever.”                revenue1) delivered organic growth of                 US Industrial OEM had a solid year,
                                       16%, reflecting very strong growth in                 and remains focused on driving organic
 Alessandro Lala
                                       our MRO and Aftermarket businesses.                   growth through customer and market
 Sector CEO, International Seals
                                       North American Aftermarket had a highly               diversification. The business saw some
                                       successful year, with Louisville’s better location,   softening of demand in housing and
                                       extended service hours and expanded next              consumer-related end markets towards
                                       day delivery footprint enabling accelerated           the end of the year, but most industrial
                                       market share gains in previously untapped             end segments remain robust. The business
                                       Midwestern and Western states. This has               has effectively deployed its sales team
                                                                                             to diversify its opportunity pipeline;
                                                                                             investments in technology and talent in
                                       1 Pro forma revenues adjusted for acquisitions and
                                         disposals completed during the year.                supply chain and operations have enhanced
 66   Diploma PLC Annual Report 2022
value-added services and improved supply          Strategic progress                                C A S E S T U DY


                                                                                                                                                  Overview
chain capabilities. This leaves the business      Delivering on our growth strategy:
well-positioned for the year ahead.               – Revenue diversification underpins the           Product range
                                                                                                    extension delivering
                                                    Sector’s consistency. For most businesses,
International Seals (47% of Sector                  this reflects incremental benefits from
revenue1) had another strong year, with
organic growth of 11%, building on a track
                                                    revenue diversification initiatives focused
                                                    on growth segments, geographic                  organic growth
record of resilience and consistency that           penetration and product extension.
reflects the business’s diverse profile.          – Additionally, our facility in Louisville has
                                                    delivered a step change for North
In the UK, FPE delivered double-digit organic       American Aftermarket with the team
growth against a strong comparator;                 successfully converting the opportunity
excellent service and better stock availability     into accelerated share gains. The facility is




                                                                                                                                                  Strategic Report
has enabled the business to capitalise on           also delivering clear quality and efficiency
demand in construction and the recovering           improvements; we plan to invest in
oil & gas segment. The acquisition of R&G in        expanding the autostore to increase
April has been transformational, materially         capacity in the year ahead.
increasing scale in the UK. Following a           – M&A to accelerate organic growth:
successful onboarding, R&G’s organic growth         – Acquisition of R&G in April for £101m:
performance has been strong. This is a                 a key milestone not just for the UK, but
result of excellent customer service, a strong         the Seals Sector as a whole. A value-
product portfolio and exploiting cross-selling         added aftermarket distributor, R&G has
opportunities within the business to drive             added scale in the UK and significantly
value from bolt-on M&A. Its roll-up M&A                broadened the Seals product portfolio,       New proprietary products helped to drive




                                                                                                                                                  Corporate Governance
programme has continued, with a further                expanding addressable markets.               organic growth of >20% in US MRO. The
four bolt-on acquisitions since April, with         – Bolt-on acquisition of ACT in July for        business’s Service Equipment Rebuild Kits
two completing post year end.                          £7m, a specialist provider of sustainable    (SERK™) provide customers with technical
                                                       materials engineering and corrosion          expertise and a kitting solution that saves
Elsewhere, Kubo had another solid year,                control solutions. It is highly              time and money, and reduces the total cost
with high single-digit organic growth                  complementary to our existing                of ownership. Sales of the kits tripled in
against a strong comparator. Having                    Australian Seals business with potential     FY22, attracting new customers and driving
successfully captured the growth in medical            revenue and cost synergies.                  market share gains.
in FY 2021, the Swiss business successfully
pivoted to industrial; better product             Building scale in our value-added businesses:
availability versus competitors also              – Completion of the integration of DMR            Read more




                                                                                                                                                  Financial Statements
underpinned market share gains. Double-             into M Seals and rebranding; the                diplomaplc.com/about-us/our-sectors/seals/
digit growth in Austria reflects recovering         combined business is now leveraging
end markets as well as geographic                   a single go-to-market strategy and
penetration gains in Germany.                       co-ordinated commercial activity to drive
                                                    growth.
Similarly, high single-digit organic growth       – Integration of TotalSeal and facility
at M Seals reflected strength in Sweden             expansion in Australia. Over the last three
and the UK, offsetting slower Danish and            years, we have transformed Australian
Chinese demand. Growth in Sweden was                Seals through acquisitions to add scale
driven by sales activity to develop key             and structuring the business into two
accounts as well as the resumption of               strong pillars in the East and West, creating
projects put on hold during the pandemic.           a high-quality platform for growth.




                                                                                                                                                  Other Information
The business is investing in organic growth       – Across the Sector, all businesses continue
in Germany, while the newly combined UK             on their journey to scale with incremental
operation is now capitalising on the benefits       investment in talent, automation
of co-ordinated commercial activity to drive        solutions and capabilities, including new
growth. M Seals has recently invested in            machining capability to support product
ecommerce and new machining capabilities            innovation.
to drive growth in Scandinavian markets.          – We have made really good strategic
                                                    progress in Seals in the year. The Sector is
Following a slower start to the year due            more resilient now than ever, supported
to extended Covid lockdowns and supply              by end segment exposures such as
chain bottlenecks, our Australian Seals             medical, food and beverage and
businesses had a strong second half,                renewable energy, as well as the impetus
converting backlogs and capitalising on             from greater infrastructure investment
buoyant mining, water treatment and                 through the cycle in the US. We are
infrastructure end markets.                         optimistic about the Sector’s prospects.

67   Diploma PLC Annual Report 2022
SEC TOR RE VIE W




LIFE SCIENCES
SECTOR




68   Diploma PLC Annual Report 2022
The Life Sciences       Revenue by segment1

Sector businesses                                                                                                                  Overview

supply a range of
equipment, consumables,
instrumentation and
                                                                                      36%      Testing & Diagnostics
                                                                                      24%      Surgical
                                                                                      18%
related services to the
                                                                                               Gastrointestinal
                                                                                      22%      Other healthcare




                                                                                                                                   Strategic Report
Healthcare industry.
Canada: 43%                         Europe: 36%
Our market-leading Canadian         Our Irish & UK business
businesses supply clinical          distributes leading-edge
diagnostics instrumentation         technologies, focused on
and products, and specialty         specialist laboratory diagnostics   Revenue by geography1




                                                                                                                                   Corporate Governance
surgical devices together with      and specialty medical devices.
related consumables and             Our Scandinavian businesses
services to public hospitals,       supply devices, equipment
private clinics and pathology       and patient monitoring
laboratories.                       technologies used in operating
                                    theatres as well as medically
Australasia: 21%                    supervised nutrition.
A leading supplier of
instrumentation and                                                                     43% Canada
consumables to the pathology,                                                           36% Europe
scientific research and medical                                                         21% Australia
segments. Operating in




                                                                                                                                   Financial Statements
Australia and New Zealand, the
businesses also supply specialist
surgical equipment and
consumables used in hospital
operating rooms.




                                                                        Reported revenue (£m)
                                                                        (compound growth over five years)



                                                                        +8% p.a.
                                                                                                                                   Other Information
                                                                        22                                                 188.6
                                                                        21                                               180.4
                                                                        20                                     139.7
                                                                        19                                      145.8
                                                                        18                                   134.7




                                                                        1 Pro forma revenues adjusted for acquisitions
                                                                          and disposals completed during the year.



69   Diploma PLC Annual Report 2022
 SEC TO R R E V I E W
 LI FE S CI EN CE S CO NTI N U ED




                                       FI N A N CI A L H I G H LI G H T S

                                                                  FY 2022               FY 2021                Change in the year
                                       Revenue
                                                                  £188.6m               £180.4m                +5%
                                       Organic revenue
                                       growth                     (4)%                  +14%
                                       Adjusted operating
                                       profit                     £41.0m                £43.2m                 (5)%
                                       Adjusted operating
                                       margin                     21.7%                 23.9%                  (220)bps
“Our Life Sciences businesses
 have done a great job of              – Organic revenue growth was 2%                  – Strategic acquisition of Accuscience:
 developing our product                  excluding last year’s Covid-related              increases exposure to high growth testing,
                                         revenues and was moderated by hospital           diagnostics and medical segments;
 pipeline, focusing on                   staffing shortages; returned to organic          continues the build out of our European
 innovative products that will           growth in Q4 as expected                         footprint
 improve patient outcomes              – Strong diagnostics and endoscopy               – Disciplined portfolio management:
                                         performance                                      disposal of a1-envirosciences
 and position us in high               – Sector well-positioned for growth: exposed
 growth areas. Our prospects             to rising diagnostics spend and significant
 are exciting.”                          elective surgical backlogs

 Dan Brown
                                       Sector financial performance                     shift their focus to clearing backlogs,
 Sector CEO, Life Sciences
                                       In FY 2022, Life Sciences Sector revenues        and as our teams have regained access to
                                       increased 5% to £188.6m (2021: £180.4m),         customers. Accuscience, acquired in May,
                                       with organic revenues 4% lower year-on-          is settling into the Group well with exciting
                                       year. Acquisitions net of disposals added        prospects in high growth segments such
                                       7%, with the contribution from Accuscience       as molecular diagnostics.
                                       and last year’s Scandinavian acquisitions
                                       more than offsetting the disposals of            Our surgical businesses were impacted
                                       a1-envirosciences in May and a1-CBISS last       by extended lockdowns in Canada and
                                       year. Foreign exchange movements                 Australia together with hospital capacity
                                       increased reported revenues by 2%.               constraints, reducing sales teams’ access
                                                                                        and demand for consumables. Both AMT
                                       Excluding last year’s non-recurring Covid-       in Canada and BGS in Australia experienced
                                       related ventilator sales, the Sector delivered   organic revenue declines with surgical
                                       2% organic revenue growth. Growth was            throughput running well below pre-COVID
                                       also somewhat moderated by lockdowns             levels. We expect throughput to slowly
                                       and hospital staffing shortages in our key       improve in the year ahead, with some
                                       Canadian and Australian surgical markets.        unwinding of elective surgical backlogs,
                                                                                        but hospital capacity constraints are likely
                                       Adjusted operating profit was 5% lower           to persist in the near-term.
                                       year-on-year at £41.0m (2021: £43.2m).
                                       The adjusted operating margin fell 220bps        In critical care – primarily Simonsen & Weel
                                       to 21.7% against an untypically strong           in Denmark – while organic revenue growth
                                       comparator (2021: 23.9%). This reflects          was negative, this reflects the non-recurring
                                       operating leverage on lower volumes, mix         ventilator sales mentioned above. Our other
                                       effects including the impact of acquisitions,    medical businesses focused on GI endoscopy
                                       and a controlled return of variable costs.       (Vantage in Canada and Kungshusen in
                                                                                        Sweden) had a very good year with some
                                       Underlying momentum was very positive            exciting new product introductions.
                                       in testing and diagnostics, with businesses      Outpatients have also been much less
                                       such as TPD in Ireland and Abacus in             impacted by COVID, with sales of capital
                                       Australia delivering high single-digit organic   and consumables driving double-digit
                                       growth against strong FY 2021 comparators.       organic growth.
                                       While COVID-related testing volumes have
                                       eased, our businesses have successfully
                                       captured growth elsewhere as laboratories

 70   Diploma PLC Annual Report 2022
Strategic progress                              Disciplined portfolio management:                C A S E S T U DY


                                                                                                                                               Overview
Delivering on our growth strategy:              – Disposal of a1-envirosciences in May.
– Exciting organic growth potential: while                                                       Innovative products
                                                                                                 driving growth
  FY 2022 has been a more challenging           We have made great strategic progress in
  year, this largely reflects short-term        Life Sciences, and the Sector itself provides
  factors. The Sector’s prospects remain as     balance, and therefore resilience, to our
  positive as ever, underpinned by elective     portfolio. We are carrying improving
  surgical backlog recovery: rising             momentum into the new year and the
  diagnostics spending and our product          medium-term outlook is exciting, with the
  pipeline. Across the Sector, businesses       likely unwinding of elective surgical backlogs
  have been investing in their portfolios,      as well as increasing diagnostics investment.
  seeking out new suppliers developing
  innovative products which will enable us




                                                                                                                                               Strategic Report
  to capitalise on the post-pandemic shifts
  in healthcare spending
– M&A to accelerate organic growth:
  Strategic acquisition of Accuscience in
  Ireland for £51m: a market-leading IVD,
  life sciences and med-tech distributor.
  The acquisition increases our exposure
  to the high growth diagnostics segment,
  including molecular diagnostics. The
                                                                                                 A key highlight for the year was Life
  business also adds scale to Life Sciences
                                                                                                 Sciences’ success with Fuji CAD EYETM,
  in Ireland, and continues to build out the




                                                                                                                                               Corporate Governance
                                                                                                 an innovative endoscope utilising AI
  Sector’s European pillar.
                                                                                                 technology. Our team partnered with Fuji to
                                                                                                 commercialise this cutting edge product,
Building scale in our value-added businesses:
                                                                                                 which has been a huge success and an
– Completion of a multi-year project to
                                                                                                 important contributor to our strong
  create a scalable Australian platform on
                                                                                                 performance in endoscopy in the year.
  a single distribution site in Brisbane. The
  consolidation of operations and relocation
  of our Australian businesses to new,
                                                                                                 Read more
  modern facilities will create efficiencies
                                                                                                 diplomaplc.com/about-us/our-sectors/
  and reduce our environmental footprint
                                                                                                 lifesciences/
  as well as enable future growth.




                                                                                                                                               Financial Statements
– Investing in capability and talent in key
  functional areas, including Finance and
  Operations.
– Developing regional leadership structures,
  including appointment of new heads for
  Europe and Australia.
– New Simonsen & Weel facility in Denmark
  to support growth, improve energy and
  waste efficiency and provide colleagues
  with a better working environment.




                                                                                                                                               Other Information




71   Diploma PLC Annual Report 2022
ENGAGEMENT WITH STAKEHOLDERS
AND SEC TI ON 172 STATEMENT




Section 172 of the Companies Act 2006                                                              Throughout this Strategic Report the Board
                                                                                                   has sought to demonstrate how the views
requires the Directors to promote the                                                              of our stakeholders are embedded in how
                                                                                                   we do business, guided by our clear purpose.
success of the Company for the benefit                                                             Details of the matters considered by the
                                                                                                   Board during the year can be found on
of the members as a whole, having regard                                                           pages 100 to 101.

to the interests of stakeholders in their                                                           Set out below are some examples of
decision-making.                                                                                    decisions made by the Board in the year.

                                                                                                    Dividend
Our business strategy is shaped and               and to the highest standards of conduct           One of the principal decisions considered
informed by the views of our stakeholders         in line with overarching Group governance.        by the Board over the year has been in
and we have always believed that                                                                    relation to returning value to shareholders.
stakeholder engagement is vital to building       The Board receives and debates regular            In making its decisions regarding the 2021
a sustainable business.                           reports from the Executive team, who in           final dividend and 2022 interim dividend
                                                  turn have continuing dialogue with Sector         the Board considered our shareholders’
In discharging their duties, each Director        and business management, to help it               expectations, the Company’s liquidity
will seek to balance the interests, views and     understand and assess the impact of our           position, and the requirement to maintain
expectations of the various stakeholders,         business, and the interests and views of our      a prudent level of dividend cover, taking
whilst recognising that not every matter will     key stakeholders. It also reviews strategy,       into account the financial resources
be equally relevant to each stakeholder nor       financial and operational performance, as         required to execute our strategy.
every decision necessarily result in a positive   well as information covering areas such as
outcome for all. Decisions will be consistent     key risks, and legal and regulatory               Acquisitions
with Diploma’s purpose and ultimately             compliance. All Group and subsidiary Board        Acquisition opportunities remain central
promote the long-term success of the Group.       papers must demonstrate that relevant             to our strategy, but the Board is also
                                                  stakeholder perspectives and needs have           mindful of their potential impact on our
Stakeholder engagement                            been considered as part of the decision-          existing stakeholders. Throughout the
The Board is committed to effective               making process. As a result of these              year, the Board discussed and approved
engagement with all stakeholders and              activities, the Board has an overview of          several new opportunities and projects
has established a culture that ensures            engagement with stakeholders, and other           across our Sectors. The Board receives
this commitment is adopted within our             relevant factors, which enable the Directors      detailed proposals from our CEO and
businesses. Directors consider the views          to comply with their legal duties under s172      Corporate Development team in respect
and interests of a wide set of stakeholders       of the Companies Act 2006 and therefore           of a potential acquisition to consider the
and are conscious that expectations around        improve decision-making. Please see pages         long-term impact, allowing us to make
our performance and contribution to society       93 to 101 for details on how the Board            careful investments in businesses that
– from local to global – are both diverse and     operates and the way in which the Board           possess essential Diploma characteristics,
continuously evolving.                            and its Committees reach decisions,               particularly high-quality, value-add
                                                  including the matters we discussed during         customer servicing distribution and great
Stakeholder interactions take place at            the year.                                         management teams. The Board
all levels of the Group and an essential                                                            balances the financial commitment
component of our strategy is that we              How stakeholder interests have                    required against the risks and anticipated
recognise the value of autonomy and ensure        influenced decision-making                        return, the relative benefits of capital
that decisions are made at the appropriate        Decisions taken by the Board and its              investment within existing businesses,
level. The Board will sometimes engage            Committees consider the interests of our          potential cultural differences, local
directly with stakeholders on certain issues      key stakeholders, the impacts of these            regulatory or community impacts as well
where appropriate to do so, but the               decisions and the need to foster the              as how it will be perceived by investors.
decentralised nature of our Group and             Company’s business relationships with             The Board was particularly cognisant
resultant distribution of our stakeholders        customers, suppliers and other stakeholders.      that investors would want to understand
mean that some stakeholder engagement             The Board acknowledges that not every             how any acquisitions would fit within
is more appropriate at an operational level.      decision it makes will necessarily result in a    the existing financial framework and
Our governance framework delegates                positive outcome for all stakeholders and         the impact, if any, on cash flow, and
authority for local decision-making to the        the Board frequently has to make difficult        capital investment.
appropriate level within a defined set of         decisions based on competing priorities. By
parameters. This allows Sectors and               considering the Group’s purpose and values
businesses to take account of the needs of        together with its strategic priorities and
their own specific key stakeholders in their      having a process in place for decision-
decision-making. Our strong management            making, Directors aim to balance those
teams make decisions with a long-term view        different perspectives.



72   Diploma PLC Annual Report 2022
O U R CO LLE AG U E S                            O U R B US I N E S S E S                      O U R CUS TO M ER S


                                                                                                                                                Overview
Why we engage                                    Why we engage                                 Why we engage
Diploma’s success depends on its ability         Given the nature of our decentralised         Diploma is focused on customer satisfaction
to attract and retain qualified and              model, it is imperative that we maintain      and delivering a value-add service that goes
experienced employees.                           good levels of engagement with our            above and beyond. It’s important for us to
                                                 businesses to support overall engagement,     remain engaged with our customer base,
How we engage                                    ensure alignment with our Group strategy,     to receive feedback for continuous
– Group Colleague Engagement Survey,             evolve our culture and facilitate knowledge   improvement and to build long-lasting
  listening groups and engagement plans          sharing and best practice.                    relationships.
– Regular business visits
– Consistent talent and performance              How we engage                                 How we engage
  management approach                            – Quarterly business reviews                  – Providing value-add services




                                                                                                                                                Strategic Report
– Internal communications through Purple         – Regular business visits from Group          – Decentralised model: individual businesses
  Pages, our Group-wide internal                 – Quarterly Senior Leadership Team              have close customer relationships and are
  newsletter, regular CEO videos and               meetings                                      responsive to their needs
  internal memos                                 – Senior Leadership Team conference           – Conferences and trade events
– Consistent learning and templates for                                                        – Long-term relationships
  talent and development, DVR governance         How the Board engages
  and training via the Purple Portal, our        As part of their role, the Board must         How the Board engages
  learning management system                     consider the needs of our businesses.         As part of their role, the Board must consider
– Workshops delivered on DVR topics,             They engage with them through:                the needs of our customers. They remain
  including Diversity, Equity & Inclusion,       – CEO updates                                 well-informed on key matters through:
  Health & Safety and the Environment            – Regular updates from Sector CEOs            – CEO reports




                                                                                                                                                Corporate Governance
                                                 – Business visits                             – Updates from Sector CEOs
How the Board engages                            – Review of proposed acquisitions             – Risk management
As part of their role, the Board must
consider the needs of our colleagues.
They engage with them through:
– Regular updates from the Group CEO,
  Group HR Director and Sector CEOs
– Results and feedback from the Group
  Colleague Engagement Survey
– Bi-annual facility visits




                                                                                                                                                Financial Statements
Outcomes/action taken
As a result of the engagement survey
and key engagement activities, both the
Group and Board are aware of areas of
improvement related to mental health
and wellbeing, Diversity, Equity & Inclusion
and the cost-of-living crisis and as a result,
the following actions were taken:
– Colleague champion nominations,
  recognising employees who go above
  and beyond
– Training on mental wellbeing via the




                                                                                                                                                Other Information
  Purple Portal, and working closely with
  the businesses to roll this out
– Inclusive leadership sessions, DEI training
  modules and publication of our DEI policy
– One-off payments were made to
  vulnerable employees, as well as support
  via EAP schemes and compensation
  package reviews

For more information on how we engage
with our colleagues, please see pages
36 to 37.




73   Diploma PLC Annual Report 2022
EN GAG EM ENT W ITH S TA KEH O LD ER S
A N D SEC TI O N 172 S TATEM ENT
CO NTI N U ED




O U R S U PPLY CH A I N                          O U R I N V E S TO R S                        EN V I RO N M EN T
                                                                                               A N D CO M M U N I T I E S

Why we engage                                    Why we engage                                 Why we engage
Our supply chain is fundamental to               We are committed to maintaining an open       Acting responsibly and being commercially
Diploma’s business and we engage with            and constructive dialogue with our            successful go hand-in-hand. We value
our suppliers to encourage and maintain          shareholders, providing investors with        engagement with our communities and
collaborative and transparent working            objective information about performance       in line with our decentralised model,
relationships.                                   and strategy in order to enable them to put   businesses pursue their own local initiatives
                                                 a fair value on the Company and ensure our    supported by Group fund-matching. We
How we engage                                    continued access to capital.                  appreciate the importance of conducting
– Strong, mutually beneficial partnerships                                                     business sustainably and are committed to
– Decentralised model: individual businesses     How we engage                                 significantly reducing our carbon footprint
  maintain close relationships with suppliers    – Results presentations by CEO and CFO        and creating long-term benefits and value
– Strategic alignment and growth                 – One-on-one meetings undertaken by           for stakeholders.
  opportunities                                    CEO, CFO and Head of Investor Relations
– Collaboration to realise innovation              throughout the year, including results      How we engage
– Regular engagement, including audits             roadshows                                   – Charitable donations and fundraising
  as appropriate                                 – Annual General Meeting                        initiatives, both at Group and business level
– Group Supplier Code and Supply Chain           – Trading updates, regulatory news items      – Group Environmental Policy
  Policy                                           and website updates                         – More frequent greenhouse gas emissions
– Clear payment practices                        – Shareholder information on website            reporting
                                                 – ESG rating schemes                          – Integrated waste reporting
How the Board engages                            – Responses to general investor enquiries     – Positive impact revenue reporting
As part of their role, the Board must consider                                                 – DVR governance and workshops
the needs of our supply chain. They remain       How the Board engages                         – Training key roles to achieve net zero
well-informed on key matters through:            As part of their role, the Board must           targets
– Updates from Group CEO and Sector CEOs         consider the needs of our investors. They
– Supply chain reporting                         engage with them through:                     How the Board engages
– Modern Slavery Statement                       – Attendance and engagement at the            As part of their role, the Board remains
– Risk management                                  Annual General Meeting                      informed on key issues concerning the
                                                 – CEO and CFO feedback following results      environment and communities through:
For more information on how we engage            – Engagement with the Chair and               – CEO reports
with our supply chain, please see page 44.         Committee Chairs as appropriate;            – Updates from biannual DVR Committees
                                                   including consultation with shareholders    – Training on climate-related issues and
                                                   on remuneration and the new                    trends
                                                   remuneration policy
                                                 – Shareholder briefings and investor          Outcomes/action taken
                                                   relations update by the Head of Investor    As a result of the aforementioned
                                                   Relations                                   engagement activities, the following actions
                                                 – Approval of trading updates, half year      were taken:
                                                   and full year results and RNSs              – Adopting a consistent ISO methodology
                                                 – Reviews of analysts’ research                 across the Group, following issues with
                                                                                                 multiple varying calculations.
                                                                                               – Business relocations to more energy
                                                                                                 efficient facilities.
                                                                                               – Continuing to transition to renewable
                                                                                                 energy by partnering with electric
                                                                                                 companies and investing in technological
                                                                                                 advancements.

                                                                                               For more information on how we engage
                                                                                               with our communities and environment,
                                                                                               please see pages 34 to 57.




74   Diploma PLC Annual Report 2022
     C A S E S T U DY


     Relocation of Abacus dx and
     Big Green Surgical



     This year, two of our Australian Life Sciences
                                                                           Overview
     businesses successfully integrated their operations
     at a shared facility. The objective was to create
     better operational efficiency and improve service
     to customers and suppliers. Careful consideration
     was given to colleague wellbeing, engagement
     and career progression, including through internal
     communication, colleague consultation, and


                                                                           Strategic Report
     openly addressing any concerns raised. The
     move has improved employee engagement
     and development, as well as Health & Safety.
     The new facility also benefits from LED lighting,
     better insulation and more efficient heating and
     cooling systems.




A number of our businesses have been                                       Corporate Governance
recognised by their customers, suppliers
and colleagues this year.




                                                                           Financial Statements
                                       A1 award
Feefo Trusted Service Award
at Shoal Group
                                       Techsil won the A1
                                       Distributor Awards for the fourth
                                       year running from a major
                                       supplier



                                       96%
                                                                           Other Information
Silver EcoVadis award at VSP
Technologies
                                       customer satisfaction at M Seals

M Seals UK shortlisted in              Filcon Electronics awarded best
Developing Future Talent               2021 European Distributor by a
Category for Make UK                   major supplier




75    Diploma PLC Annual Report 2022
 Q & A WITH OUR NE W CFO




                                       Q
                                       What attracted you to Diploma?
                                                                                         Q
                                                                                         What are your priorities for
                                                                                         the year ahead?

                                       A
                                       Diploma is a great business with a track          A
                                       record that speaks for itself. The Group’s        I’m in no hurry, Diploma is in great shape.
                                       growth opportunity was an obvious                 We have a strong finance team; the
                                       attraction but I’m equally excited                business is very profitable and cash
                                       to join a team that is building scale and         generative; and our balance sheet is strong.
                                       focused on the sustainability of that growth.     My onboarding process has been excellent
                                                                                         and in the months ahead, I’m looking
                                       I believe that this is a role that I can really   forward to meeting colleagues in our
                                       get my teeth into, in a business with             businesses, building relationships and
                                       abundant opportunities for continued,             continuing to develop my understanding
                                       profitable growth. I have been able to get        of the Group.
                                       a good feel for the culture. Diploma is a
                                       down to earth environment where people            It’s too early to define detailed priorities,
                                       matter, and I think I will fit in well here. We   but my focus will be to work with Johnny
                                       have so much to go for and I’m very excited       and the senior team to ensure we can
                                       to be part of the team.                           continue to deliver the same great financial
                                                                                         performance and strategic execution.

“Our strong
                                       Q
                                                                                         Clearly things are working well here, but as
  performance and                      What do you bring to the role?
                                                                                         we grow, there is a natural need for us to
                                                                                         evolve, mature and scale our approach
  strategic progress                                                                     across the Finance function to ensure that

                                       A
                                                                                         the Group continues to capitalise on the
  in such challenging                                                                    opportunities ahead of it whilst maintaining
                                                                                         robust financial control.
  circumstances are                    First of all, lots of energy and enthusiasm
                                       to partner Johnny to continue to grow and         What I have inherited is very strong, but
  testament to our                     scale this business. Over my career I have
                                       accumulated a range of skills and experience
                                                                                         there will be plenty for me to do to help

  outstanding
                                                                                         support the growth of the Group.
                                       which will stand me in good stead.

  colleagues.”                         I have lots of experience of contributing to
                                       performance, strategy, and a robust
 Chris Davies                          financial framework. This has been honed
 CFO                                   in my previous FTSE CFO role but also through
                                       what I have learned as a Group Controller,
                                       a Treasurer and in large Divisional FD roles.

                                       I’ve worked in many sectors across multiple
                                       geographies, including in customer-service
                                       organisations. Importantly, I’ve also really
                                       enjoyed the time I’ve spent working in
                                       decentralised organisations, and I know
                                       how powerful this can be.




 76   Diploma PLC Annual Report 2022
FINANCIAL RE VIE W




Diploma has delivered a very strong set            Attractive, high teens margins                      Effective tax rate broadly unchanged


                                                                                                                                                        Overview
of results, demonstrating the strength             (See table 2)                                       The Group’s effective tax charge on adjusted
of our financial model.                            Adjusted operating profit increased 29% to          profit was 25.0% (2021: 25.4%) broadly in
                                                   £191.2m (2021: £148.7m), with the operating         line with prior year.
Financial highlights (See table 1)                 margin unchanged on the prior year at
– Organic growth 15%, more than half               18.9%. This reflects margin expansion at            We are committed to being a responsible
  of which was volume growth                       both Controls and Seals, offset by a lower          taxpayer and our approach is to comply
– Reported revenue growth 29%: very                margin in Life Sciences, which was                  with tax laws in the countries in which we
  positive 9% net contribution from                principally due to the benefit from one-off         operate and to pay our fair share of tax.
  acquisitions and disposals, and a 5%             Covid-related revenues in the prior year and        We recognise the impact tax has on wider
  foreign exchange benefit                         mix effects from acquisitions. The increase         society and we always factor the Group’s
– Consistent, high margin: 18.9% operating         in central costs primarily relates to talent as     reputation and corporate and social
  margin, unchanged on the prior year, with        part of our investment in scaling the Group.        responsibilities into tax considerations. Tax




                                                                                                                                                        Strategic Report
  our resilient value-added service model                                                              legislation is not always prescriptive and the
  enabling us to continue to navigate supply       Higher financing costs                              impact of a transaction or item can give rise
  chain challenges and offset inflation            The interest expense increased to £11.6m            to more than one interpretation of the law.
– Full year free cash flow conversion 90%,         (2021: £6.8m), principally due to increased         The Group assesses all such exposures and,
  including targeted investment in inventory       borrowings to finance acquisitions and the          where it is considered probable that further
  to support growth                                impact of higher interest rates, and in             tax will be payable, an uncertain tax
– 26% growth in adjusted EPS                       particular in the second half of the year.          provision is recognised. The provision is
                                                                                                       estimated based on the expected value
Double-digit organic growth                        Profit before tax                                   method. The Group’s tax strategy was
Reported revenues increased by 29% to              Adjusted profit before tax increased by             approved by the Board and is published
£1,012.8m (2021: £787.4m), consisting of           27% to £179.6m (2021: £141.9m). Statutory           on our website.




                                                                                                                                                        Corporate Governance
organic growth of 15%, a 9% net contribution       profit before tax was £129.5m (2021: £96.6m)
from acquisitions and disposals, and a 5%          and is stated after charging acquisition            26% growth in adjusted EPS
benefit from foreign exchange translation.         related costs of £46.9m (2021: £44.4m),             and total dividend
During the year, the Group disposed of             principally comprising the amortisation of          Adjusted EPS increased by 26% to 107.5p
Kentek (November), and a1-envirosciences           acquisition related intangible assets of            (2021: 85.2p). The adjusted EPS growth is
(May), which together contributed £9.9m to         £42.4m (2021: £33.1m) and £10.5m of                 marginally lower than the adjusted
Group revenues in FY 2022.                         acquisition related costs (2021: £9.7m) in          operating profit growth due to increased
                                                   respect of the seven acquisitions completed         interest charges.
                                                   during the year and partly offset by a net
                                                   gain of £7.3m (2021: charge of £1.6m) from          For FY 2022, the Board has recommended
                                                   two disposals in the year.                          a final dividend of 38.8p per share, making




                                                                                                                                                        Financial Statements
                                                                                                       the proposed full year dividend 53.8p (2021:
                                                                                                       42.6p). This represents a 26% increase in the
Table 1: Financial highlights                                                                          total dividend with dividend cover at 2.0x
                                                     Reported results               Adjusted results
                                                                                                       EPS, continuing the Group’s progressive
                                             FY         FY        %         FY        FY        %
                                           2022       2021    change      2022      2021    change     dividend track record.
Revenue                     £m       1,012.8        787.4     +29%
                                                                                                       The Board has a progressive dividend policy
Operating profit            £m         144.3        104.3     +38%       191.2    148.7     +29%       that aims to increase the dividend each year
Free cash flow conversion   %                                              90       103                broadly in line with the growth in adjusted
Earnings per share          pence          76.1      56.1     +36%       107.5     85.2     +26%       EPS. In determining the dividend in any one
                                                                                                       year, the Board also considers a number of
Total dividend per share    pence         53.8       42.6     +26%
                                                                                                       factors which include the strength of the




                                                                                                                                                        Other Information
                                                                                                       free cash flow generated by the Group, the
Table 2: Adjusted operating profit
                                             Adjusted operating profit    Adjusted operating margin    future cash commitments and investment
                                           2022       2021        %       2022      2021       bps     needed to sustain the Group’s long-term
                                            £m         £m     change        %         %     change     growth strategy and the target level of
Controls                                  105.8       72.4 +46%          21.5       21.1       +40     dividend cover. The ability of the Board to
                                                                                                       maintain future dividend policy will be
Seals                                       62.6     46.5 +35%           18.9      17.6       +130
                                                                                                       influenced by the principal risks identified
Life Sciences                               41.0      43.2   (5)%        21.7      23.9       (220)    below that could adversely impact the
Central costs                             (18.2)     (13.4) +36%                                       performance of the Group.
Group                                      191.2    148.7                18.9      18.9           –




77   Diploma PLC Annual Report 2022
FI N A N CI A L R E V I E W
CO NTI N U ED




Free cash flow conversion 90%                   The Group spent £186.6m (2021: £462.2m)            The liability for deferred consideration
Free cash flow represents cash available to     on acquisitions and £56.4m (2021: £53.2m)          payable at 30 September 2022 was £24.0m
invest in growth through value-enhancing        on paying dividends to both Company and            (2021: £18.5m). This liability represents the
acquisitions or to return to shareholders.      minority shareholders.                             Directors’ best estimate of any outstanding
Free cash flow increased 11% in the year to                                                        amounts likely to be paid to the vendors
£120.4m (2021: £108.8m). Free cash flow         Acquisitions to accelerate our growth              of businesses, based on the expected
conversion for the year was 90% (2021:          Acquisition spend of £186.6m, which                performance of these businesses during
103%), in-line with our targeted 90%+,          includes fees, mainly comprises the initial        the measurement period. The increase in
demonstrating the highly cash-generative        spend for R&G (£91.7m) and Accuscience             the year is primarily due to the acquisition
qualities of the business model despite very    (£49.9m), as well as an additional £31.4m          of R&G.
strong organic revenue growth and targeted      principally relating to five smaller businesses.
investment in inventory. Free cash flow         The total spend also includes £6.5m of             ROATCE: strong returns
benefited from fixed asset disposal proceeds    acquisition fees and deferred consideration        ROATCE is a key metric used to measure our
of £9.9m (2021: £4.8m).                         of £7.1m. We remain highly disciplined in our      success in creating value for shareholders.
                                                approach with all of these high-quality,           As at 30 September 2022, the Group’s
The working capital outflow of £28.7m           value-add acquisitions offering our Sectors        ROATCE was 17.3% (2021: 17.4%), in-line with
(2021: £12.6m outflow) was driven by            opportunities to accelerate their organic          our high-teens target. The full year outcome
increased inventory and receivables,            growth and create value.                           reflects a number of moving parts with the
reflecting the strong growth in trading                                                            temporary dilution from recent acquisitions
activity and targeted investment in             Goodwill at 30 September 2022 was                  and targeted inventory investment partially
inventory to support customer service in the    £372.3m (2021: £260.7m). Goodwill is               offset by WCW continuing to outperform its
year. We are focused on ensuring optimal        assessed each year to determine whether            acquisition case. Subject to future
levels of inventory, taking into account        there has been any impairment in the               acquisition activity, we expect ROATCE to
working capital management and customer         carrying value. It was confirmed that there        increase in FY 2023.
service. The Group’s working capital to         was significant headroom on the valuation
revenue at 30 September 2022 improved           of this goodwill, compared with the carrying       Adjusted trading capital employed is
to 15.6% (2021: 15.8%).                         value at the year end.                             defined in note 27 to the consolidated
                                                                                                   financial statements.
Group tax payments increased by £16.4m          Disciplined portfolio management
to £40.6m (2021: £24.2m). On an underlying      The Group completed two disposals in the           Strong balance sheet
basis, cash tax payments increased to 22%       year – the disposal of a1-envirosciences in        Strong free cash generation has allowed
(2021: 17%) of adjusted profit before tax.      May 2022 for proceeds of £11.4m, and the           the Group to deleverage more quickly than
Our effective cash tax rate is lower than our   sale of its 90% interest in Kentek in              expected. At 30 September 2022, the
Group effective tax rate, mainly due to         November 2021 for proceeds of £10.0m.              Group’s Net Debt (excluding IFRS 16 lease
acquisition goodwill which is deductible for    a1-envirosciences and Kentek generated             liabilities) stood at £328.9m. The Group
US tax purposes. Our cash tax rate is higher    revenues of £7.0m and £2.9m in the year            continues to maintain a robust balance
than last year both due to capital gains        respectively. The proceeds are not included        sheet with net bank debt comprised of
during the period and the benefits from         in free cash flow and the net profit on            borrowings of £370.6m, less cash funds
enhanced deductions on capital spend in         disposal of £7.3m is not included in adjusted      of £41.7m.
the prior year.                                 operating profit.
                                                                                                   On 13 October 2020, the Group entered
The Group’s capital expenditure was higher      Liabilities to shareholders                        into a debt facility agreement (SFA) which
this year at £15.4m (2021: £6.2m) largely       of acquired businesses                             comprised a three-year term loan for an
consisting of ongoing investment in new         The Group’s liability to shareholders of           aggregate principal amount of £136.0m
field equipment in the Healthcare businesses    acquired businesses at 30 September 2022           ($170.0m) and a committed multi-currency
of £6.8m (2021: £2.0m), which directly          increased by £7.7m to £31.4m (2021: £23.7m)        revolving facility for an aggregate principal
supports revenue growth. Excluding this,        and comprises both put options to purchase         amount of £135.0m, which was increased to
capital expenditure increased £4.4m to          outstanding minority shareholdings and             £185.0m during the previous financial year.
£8.6m, consisting of infrastructure and         deferred consideration payable to vendors
equipment spend to scale up efficiently         of businesses acquired during the current          During the year the Group has amended the
for growth (£5.9m), and improvements            and prior year.                                    SFA to increase the total facility size. As at
or replacements of legacy IT systems                                                               30 September 2022, the SFA comprises a
plus investments into newly acquired            The liability to acquire minority                  committed multi-currency revolving facility
businesses (£2.7m).                             shareholdings outstanding at 30 September          for an aggregate principal amount of
                                                2022 relates to a 10% interest held in M           £359.7m, an amortising term loan for an
                                                Seals, 5% interest in Techsil and a 2%             aggregate principal amount of £114.2m
                                                interest in R&G. These options are valued at       ($127.5m), a bullet term loan for an
                                                £7.4m (2021: £5.2m), based on the Directors’       aggregate principal amount of £59.1m
                                                latest estimate of the earnings before             ($66.0m) and a further bullet term loan for
                                                interest and tax (EBIT) of these businesses        an aggregate principal amount of £45.3m.
                                                when these options crystallise.                    The SFA is due to expire in December 2024
                                                                                                   and there is an option to extend for
                                                                                                   a further 12-month period.
78   Diploma PLC Annual Report 2022
The Group’s debt facilities are subject to      Both the UK defined benefit scheme                Organic revenue growth


                                                                                                                              Overview
interest at variable rates. During the year,    and the Kubo contribution scheme are
the Group entered into interest rate swap
contracts with the effect of fixing the
                                                accounted for in accordance with IAS 19
                                                (revised). At 30 September 2022, the              15%
interest rate on $100m (£89.6m) of debt.        aggregate accounting pension surplus/
The effective fixed rate debt was 24% as a      deficit in these two schemes moved from
proportion of total debt. Subsequent to the     a deficit of £4.9m to a surplus of £6.4m,
                                                                                                  Reported revenue growth
year end, the Group entered into further        reflecting the sharp increase in bond yields
interest rate swap contracts with the effect
of fixing the interest rate on an additional
                                                as at 30 September 2022, which in turn
                                                reduced the value of the schemes’ liabilities.    29%%
$100m of debt.                                  The next formal triennial funding valuation
                                                of the UK scheme is due as at 30 September
At 30 September 2022, the Group’s Net           2022, with completion expected in the




                                                                                                                              Strategic Report
Debt/EBITDA was 1.4x. We have strong            second half of FY 2023. Further information       Adjusted operating margin
liquidity, with year end headroom of £204m.
(See table 3)
                                                on these schemes is included in note 24 to
                                                the consolidated financial statements.            18.9%%
Employee pension obligations                    FX tailwind and interest headwind
Pension benefits to existing employees,         largely offsetting
both in the UK and overseas, are provided       Whilst there cannot be any certainty over         Free cash flow conversion
through defined contribution schemes at
an aggregate cost in FY 2022 of £6.6m
(2021: £5.5m).
                                                future interest rates and exchange rates,
                                                looking ahead to 2023, it is likely that
                                                exchange rates, especially Sterling-Dollar will
                                                                                                  90%
                                                provide a boost to reported earnings whilst




                                                                                                                              Corporate Governance
The Group maintains a legacy closed             increasing interest rates will increase costs.
defined benefit pension scheme in the UK.       With around 50% of the Group’s debt               Net debt/EBITDA

                                                                                                  1.4x
The Group is currently funding this scheme      floating, should USD-GBP rates remain at
with cash contributions of £0.6m (2021:         current levels, we would expect these effects
£5.8m) which increases annually on              to largely offset each other.
1 October by 2%.

In Switzerland, local law requires our Kubo
business to provide a contribution-based
pension for all employees, which is funded
by employer and employee contributions.




                                                                                                                              Financial Statements
This pension plan is managed for Kubo
through a separate multi-employer plan of
non-associated Swiss companies, which
pools the funding risk between participating
companies. In Switzerland, Kubo’s annual
cash contribution to the pension scheme
was £0.5m (2021: £0.5m).


Table 3: Composition of net debt
Type               Currency           Amount      GBP equivalent       Interest rate exposure




                                                                                                                              Other Information
Term loan          USD                $193.5m     £173.3m
                                                                       Fixed at ca.3%1
RCF                USD                $8.0m       £7.2m
RCF                GBP                            £122.2m              Floating
RCF                EUR                €81.6m      £71.6m               Floating
Capitalised debt fees net of accrued interest     £(3.7)m

Gross debt drawn at year end                      £370.6m
Cash & equivalents at year end                    £(41.7)m
Net debt at year end                              £328.9m
1 Approximately half fixed post-year end.




79     Diploma PLC Annual Report 2022
INTERNAL CONTROL AND
RISK MANAGEMENT




Effective risk management is integral to                                                       appropriate assistance, review and
                                                                                               challenge from the Group. This is an integral
our strategic ambitions and provides a solid                                                   part of our decentralised business model
                                                                                               which encourages local accountability. The
foundation for our businesses to scale.                                                        Board and our Group employees have a
                                                                                               continuous improvement focus, including
                                                                                               how to better identify, evaluate and
                                                                                               manage risk and enable growth. We have
                                                                                               continued to broaden our risk management
Our risk management framework supports           approach to the management of risk is         and governance in 2022 by developing our
informed risk taking by our businesses. It       fundamental to the continued success of       `top down’ approach, horizon scanning for
sets out those risks that we are prepared        the Group. By improving our understanding     emerging and potential risks, and enhancing
to be exposed to and the risks that we want      and management of risk, we provide            efficiency of management and governance
to avoid, together with the processes and        greater assurance to our shareholders,        procedures. We have undertaken initiatives
internal controls necessary to evaluate the      employees, customers, suppliers and the       to develop risk reporting, thinking and
exposures and ensure they remain within          communities in which we operate.              culture while embedding the necessary
our overall risk appetite. This framework also                                                 capabilities to assess, monitor and mitigate
provides the basis for the businesses to         Our approach                                  risks as appropriate.
anticipate threats to delivering for their       Risk management and oversight of
customers and ensures we are resilient to        appropriate systems of control are            The Audit Committee is responsible for
risks we have limited control over.              ultimately the responsibility of the Board.   overseeing the effectiveness of the internal
                                                 Due to the decentralised nature of our        control environment of the Group. An
Our risk management governance                   Group, each of our businesses is              internal audit function has been in place
continues to evolve to ensure that it            accountable for managing risks effectively    for many years to provide independent
supports the Group’s ongoing growth and          to take advantage of opportunities. This is   assurance that the Group’s risk
strategic objectives. A robust but adaptable     done while ensuring necessary mitigations     management, governance and internal
                                                 and controls are incorporated with            control processes are operating effectively.




     Our risk management
     framework                                           DIPLOMA PLC
                                                                                                              Top down
                                                                                                              The Group manages
                                                                                                              horizon scanning for
                                                        BOARD OF DIRECTORS                                    emerging risks, review
                                                                                                              of principal risks,
                                                                                                              internal controls,
                                                                                                              processes and risk
                                                                                                              management
                                                          AUDIT COMMITTEE                                     frameworks




                                                              EXECUTIVE
                                                                TEAM



                                                                                                              Bottom up
                                                                                                              Our businesses
                                                                                                              continually identify
                                                    LOCAL MANAGEMENT TEAMS                                    risks and opportunities
                                                                                                              to feed into sector and
                                                                                                              Group risk reviews

                                                      OUR BUSINESSES


80   Diploma PLC Annual Report 2022
Risk appetite                                     For our `top down’ approach to principal         Emerging risk  Description


                                                                                                                                                Overview
The Board recognises that continuing to           risks, the Head of Legal meets with the          Technology     The risk that Diploma
deliver resilient returns for shareholders        Executive team and key functions to review       evolution      does not manage its
and other stakeholders is dependent upon          and update their material risks, as well as                     response to evolving
accepting a level of risk. Our risk appetite      horizon scanning for new disruptors. These                      technologies effectively.
sets out how we balance risk and                  are then reviewed and approved prior to the
                                                                                                   Climate change The risk that Diploma fails
opportunity in pursuit of our strategic           updated principal risks being reviewed and
                                                                                                                  to anticipate the impact
objectives. The acceptable level of risk is       approved by the Board.
                                                                                                                  of climate change,
assessed on an annual basis by the Board,
                                                                                                                  including the increase in
which defines its risk appetite against           During this process, the operational risks
                                                                                                                  frequency and severity of
certain key indicators, including potential       identified are reviewed to ensure there are
                                                                                                                  natural disasters and
impact of risk, likelihood of risk and ability    no new principal risks, or material risks
                                                                                                                  impact on its end markets
to reduce risk through mitigation. This           affecting multiple businesses or Sectors.




                                                                                                                                                Strategic Report
                                                                                                                  and products.
ensures alignment between acceptable              Any actions to improve evaluation or
risk exposure and the strategic priorities        management of risks are shared across the        Digitalisation The risk that Diploma fails
of the Group.                                     businesses by the relevant Sector. During                       to implement digital
                                                  the year, updates from management to the                        services, reducing its
Identifying and monitoring                        Board covered all of our principal risks. With                  value-added service
material risks                                    the assistance of the Audit Committee, the                      proposition.
Each of our Diploma businesses identifies         Board obtained assurance that the Group’s
risks and opportunities as part of their          risk management and internal control
regular business reviews, evaluating how          framework was operating effectively and
risks and opportunities are controlled,           therefore was satisfied that risks were being
whether mitigations are appropriate and           managed in line with risk appetite.




                                                                                                                                                Corporate Governance
whether any further actions are required.
Material risks are identified through a           Risk management relies on internal control
detailed analysis of business processes           activities to ensure accurate accounting and
and procedures and a consideration of             to help mitigate the principal risks of the
the strategy and operating environment            Group. The governance process within the
of the Group.                                     framework ensures that the completeness
                                                  of identified risks and adequacy of
The businesses use a quantitative                 mitigating actions are appropriately
framework to determine a score for each           reviewed by the Executive team and are
risk, which is based on both the likelihood       reported to the Board on a regular basis.
and consequence of each risk occurring,




                                                                                                                                                Financial Statements
and its impact on the business. Each risk is      Emerging risk
evaluated on the hypothetical basis that          The Board also considers potential risks,
there are no mitigating actions or controls       threats and opportunities that could impact
to provide a score and then reconsidered to       our Group in the future. These emerging
establish the net score (after mitigation).       risks have no track record or previous
This identifies which risks require internal      experience by which the potential impact,
mitigating controls, and which require            likelihood or costs can be understood but
further treatment. A similar exercise is then     could nevertheless significantly influence the
performed at Sector and Group level to            performance of the Group.
develop an overall `bottom up’ picture of
operational risk for the Group. This process is   The risk management framework enables
both robust and challenging; it ensures that      early identification of emerging risks so they




                                                                                                                                                Other Information
risks are identified and monitored and that       can be tracked and evaluated thoroughly at
management controls are embedded in the           the appropriate juncture with any potential
businesses’ operations.                           exposure assessed. This allows the Board to
                                                  determine if the Group is adequately
                                                  prepared for the situation.

                                                  The following emerging risks have been
                                                  identified as potential future principal risks
                                                  and will be monitored on a regular basis.




81   Diploma PLC Annual Report 2022
I NTER N A L CO NTRO L A N D R I SK M A N AG EM ENT
CO NTI N U ED




Principal risks and uncertainties                                                                  There have been some changes to the
                                                                                                   Groups principal risks arising from the
                                                                                                   evolved risk identification process together
                                                                                                   with the increased scale of the Group and
The Group’s decentralised operations, which                                                        revenue diversification strategies being
                                                                                                   successfully implemented:
have different Sectors and geographical                                                            – Customer Concentration and Inventory

spread, helps mitigate the potential impact
                                                                                                     Obsolescence are no longer considered
                                                                                                     to be principal risks, although will
of these principal risks.                                                                            continue to be monitored and evaluated.
                                                                                                   – Inflationary Environment has been
                                                                                                     recategorised to be a principal risk,
                                                                                                     previously being considered an
                                                                                                     emerging risk.
Set out in this section of the Strategic report   The risks summarised below represent the         – Supplier Concentration/Loss of Key
are the principal risks and uncertainties         principal risks and uncertainties faced by the     Suppliers and Supply Chain disruptors
affecting the Group. These have been              Group, and the steps taken to mitigate such        have been amalgamated into Supply
determined by the Board, using the robust         risks. These risks are considered to be            Chain, which will also include the risk
risk evaluation described on the previous         material to the development, performance,          of supplier disintermediation.
page, to have the greatest potential impact       position or future prospects of the Group.       – Loss of key personnel has evolved to
on the Group’s future viability.                  However, these risks do not comprise all of        Talent & Diversity and will also cover the
                                                  the risks that the Group may face and              risk of having wrong talent or lack of/poor
The principal risks are each classified as        accordingly this summary is not intended to        diversity, failure to attract/retain staff and
either macro/external, strategic or               be exhaustive.                                     inadequate development.
operational and are not presented in order                                                         – Tax Compliance has evolved into
of probability or impact.                                                                            Non-compliance with Laws and
                                                                                                     Regulations, which also covers non-
                                                                                                     compliance with environmental regulation
                                                                                                     and the increasing international
                                                                                                     compliance alignment burden.



 Principal risk                                   Risk description and assessment                  Mitigation

 Downturn/instability                             Adverse changes in the major markets
                                                  that the businesses operate in can result
                                                                                                   The businesses identify key market drivers
                                                                                                   and monitor trends and forecasts, as well
 in major markets                                 in slowing revenue growth due to reduced         as maintaining close relationships with key
                                                  or delayed demand for products and               customers who may give an early warning
 Risk category                                    services, or margin pressures due to             of slowing demand.
 Macro/external risk                              increased competition.
                                                                                                   A number of characteristics of the Group’s
 Board risk appetite                                                                               businesses moderate the impact of
 Averse                                                                                            economic and business cycles:
                                                                                                   – The Group’s businesses operate in three
 Change in risk                                                                                      different Sectors with different
                                                                                                     characteristics and across a number of
                                                                                                     geographic markets.
 This risk remains at a similar level to last                                                      – The businesses offer specialised products
 year and is addressed continuously in our                                                           and services, which are often specific to
 risk management process.                                                                            their application, increasing customers’
                                                                                                     switching costs.
                                                                                                   – A high proportion of the Group’s revenue
                                                                                                     comprises consumable products, which
                                                                                                     are purchased as part of the customer’s
                                                                                                     operating budget, rather than through
                                                                                                     capital budgets.
                                                                                                   – In many cases the products are used in
                                                                                                     repair, maintenance and refurbishment
                                                                                                     applications, rather than original
                                                                                                     equipment manufacture.



82   Diploma PLC Annual Report 2022
                                                                                                      Increase            No change

                                                                                                      Decrease            New risk




 Principal risk                             Risk description and assessment                   Mitigation

 Supply chain                                                                                                                               Overview
                                            The ability to service our customers in a         Management continues to pursue
                                            timely manner is a key part of our value-         diversification strategies and regularly
 Risk category                              added proposition.                                seeks alternative sourcing.
 Strategic risk
                                            For manufacturer-branded products,                Long-term, multi-year exclusive contracts
 Board risk appetite                        there is the risk that existing distribution      have been signed with suppliers with
 Cautious                                   agreements and vertical integration of            change of control clauses, where
                                            suppliers is cancelled, therefore losing access   applicable, for protection or compensation
 Change in risk                             to key distribution channels.                     in the event of acquisition.




                                                                                                                                            Strategic Report
                                            There is also the risk of:                        We maintain strong relationships with
 Supply chain disruption has reduced        – A supplier taking away exclusivity.             suppliers and keep customers updated in
 since last year but operational            – Manufacturing lead times increasing as          the event of change to retain key business.
 interruptions at customers and suppliers     a result of supply chain shortages. We
 continue.                                    have experienced this, particularly with        Meeting with key customers regularly
                                              suppliers based in Asia, in the current         to gain insight into their product
                                              year.                                           requirements and market developments.
                                            – Supply chain partners not operating to
                                              the same ethical standards as Diploma.          We work with our supply chain partners
                                                                                              to help them meet our standards of
                                                                                              acceptable working conditions, financial




                                                                                                                                            Corporate Governance
                                                                                              stability, ethics and technical competence.
                                                                                              If they are unable to meet these standards
                                                                                              then we will source product elsewhere.




 Inflationary                               Significant or unexpected cost increases by
                                            suppliers due to the pass through of higher
                                                                                              Improved pricing processes and the
                                                                                              value-added activities undertaken by the
 environment



                                                                                                                                            Financial Statements
                                            commodity prices or other price increases,        businesses mean we are better able to
                                            higher trade tariffs and/or foreign currency      pass cost increases to customers.
 Risk category                              fluctuations, could adversely impact profits
 Macro/external risk                        if businesses are unable to pass on such cost     A number of characteristics of the Group’s
                                            increases to customers.                           businesses moderate the impact of
 Board risk appetite                                                                          economic and business cycles:
 Cautious                                                                                     – The Group’s businesses operate in three
                                                                                                different Sectors with different
 Change in risk                                                                                 characteristics and across a number
                                                                                                of geographic markets.
                                                                                              – The businesses offer specialised products




                                                                                                                                            Other Information
                                                                                                and services, which are often specific to
                                                                                                their application, increasing customers’
                                                                                                switching costs.
                                                                                              – A high proportion of the Group’s revenue
                                                                                                comprises consumable products, which
                                                                                                are purchased as part of the customer’s
                                                                                                operating budget, rather than through
                                                                                                capital budgets.
                                                                                              – In many cases the products are used in
                                                                                                repair, maintenance and refurbishment
                                                                                                applications, rather than original
                                                                                                equipment manufacture.




83   Diploma PLC Annual Report 2022
I NTER N A L CO NTRO L A N D R I SK M A N AG EM ENT
CO NTI N U ED




 Principal risk                            Risk description and assessment                  Mitigation

 Unsuccessful                              Diploma has a strong history of disciplined
                                           acquisitions. The business model of the
                                                                                            A clearly defined acquisition strategy
                                                                                            is in place with a disciplined approach,
 acquisition                               Group is based on successful acquisitions in     including financial return hurdles, to
                                           large and developed markets and sectors.         bringing high-quality, value-enhancing
 Risk category                                                                              businesses into the Group.
 Strategic risk                            The following are the key risks of an
                                           acquisition process:                             An experienced Corporate Development
 Board risk appetite                       – The Group may overpay for a target.            team is responsible for seeking and
 Tolerant                                  – The acquired business may experience           evaluating new acquisition opportunities
                                             limited growth post acquisition.               with the Corporate Development Director
 Change in risk                            – Loss of key customers or suppliers post        reporting to the CEO.
                                             integration.
                                           – Potential cultural misfit as smaller           A formal due diligence process is followed
 The acquisition pipeline remains            businesses are faced with the new              for every acquisition, with close supervision
 healthy and Diploma retains its             requirements of a listed Company.              by the CEO and relevant Group senior
 disciplined approach to bringing                                                           management. A formal governance
 high-quality, value-enhancing             The above may be the result of inadequate        process is in place up to Board level.
 businesses into Diploma.                  due diligence, poor integration or unrealistic
                                           assumptions used in the investment case.         A disciplined post-acquisition integration
                                                                                            process covers operational, financial,
                                                                                            governance, legal and reporting matters.
                                                                                            The Board reviews performance of recent
                                                                                            acquisitions annually.




 Geopolitical disruptions                  Diploma operates in established economies
                                           with stable political and legal systems.
                                                                                            We continue to diversify our supply base
                                                                                            and invest in product range development
 Risk category                                                                              to mitigate exposure to any single market
 Macro/external risk                       Geopolitical events that could disrupt the       or region.
                                           Group’s operations are mainly related to:
 Board risk appetite                       – Interruption of trade agreements.              Whenever possible, we capitalise on Group
 Averse                                    – Tariffs.                                       synergies and leverage inter-company
                                           – Change of trade relationships amongst          trading.
 Change in Risk                              countries in which we operate
                                             (e.g. Brexit).
                                           – Government budget spending.
 This risk remains elevated in certain     – Political elections.
 geographies, including due to ongoing
 events such as the conflict in Ukraine.




84   Diploma PLC Annual Report 2022
                                                                                                    Increase            No change

                                                                                                    Decrease            New risk




 Principal risk                              Risk description and assessment                Mitigation

 Health & Safety                                                                                                                           Overview
                                             Some Diploma businesses are exposed to         The Covid-19 pandemic placed a greater
                                             Health & Safety risks, including via the       focus on Health & Safety and preventive
 Risk category                               environment in which their employees,          measures to limit the spread of Covid-19.
 Operational risk                            contractors, customers, and suppliers          Implementing and continuously evolving
                                             operate, or through the products they sell.    these measures has improved Health &
 Board risk appetite                                                                        Safety across the Group.
 Averse
                                                                                            Additionally, management continues to
 Change in risk                                                                             promote mental health and wellbeing,
                                                                                            offering support to colleagues and access




                                                                                                                                           Strategic Report
                                                                                            to an employee assistance programme.
 Relative to FY21 there has been a
 significant decrease in Health & Safety
 risk as a result of the conclusion of the
 Covid-19 pandemic and improvements
 in processes arising from the pandemic.




                                                                                                                                           Corporate Governance


 Technology & cyber                          Group and operating business management
                                             depend critically on timely and reliable
                                                                                            The decentralised nature of the Group,
                                                                                            including stand-alone IT systems for each




                                                                                                                                           Financial Statements
 Risk category                               information from their IT systems to run       business, limits the potential impact to any
 Operational risk                            their businesses and serve their customers’    individual business. There is good support
                                             needs.                                         and back-up built into local IT systems.
 Board risk appetite
 Cautious                                    Any disruption or denial of service may        All businesses in the Group have a robust
                                             delay or impact decision-making if reliable    cybersecurity programme and we regularly
 Change in risk                              data is unavailable.                           engage with cybersecurity experts to
                                                                                            continuously improve and strengthen our
                                             Poor information handling or interruption      IT systems.
 The risk of cyber-attacks remained high     of business may also lead to reduced service
 in 2022.                                    to customers. Unintended actions of            A formalised ERP approval and




                                                                                                                                           Other Information
                                             employees caused by a cyber-attack may         implementation process ensures
 The businesses maintained a high            also lead to disruption, including fraud.      businesses have the most suitable
 standard of cybersecurity whilst                                                           IT systems to effectively manage
 accommodating remote working                                                               their business.
 practices in territories where strict
 lockdowns were in place as a response                                                      Business continuity plans exist for each
 to the Covid-19 pandemic.                                                                  business with ongoing testing.




85   Diploma PLC Annual Report 2022
I NTER N A L CO NTRO L A N D R I SK M A N AG EM ENT
CO NTI N U ED




 Principal risk                                Risk description and assessment                  Mitigation

 Talent & diversity                            The success of the Group is built on strong,
                                               self-standing management teams in the
                                                                                                Contractual terms such as notice periods
                                                                                                and non-compete clauses can mitigate
 Risk category                                 operating businesses, committed to the           the risk in the short term.
 Operational risk                              success of their respective businesses.
                                               As a result, the loss of key personnel can       The Group places very high importance
 Board risk appetite                           have an impact on performance for                on planning development, motivation
 Cautious                                      a limited time period.                           and reward:
                                                                                                – Ensuring a challenging working
 Change in risk                                Not having the right talent or diversity           environment where managers feel they
                                               at all levels of the organisation to deliver       have control over, and responsibility for,
                                               our strategy, resulting in reduced financial       their businesses.
 This risk has increased in the year, mainly   performance.                                     – Implementing a structured talent review
 due to current market labour conditions                                                          process for the development, retention
 with the tightening of labour markets                                                            and succession of key personnel.
 affecting candidate availability and                                                           – Offering balanced and competitive
 retention, upward pressure on wage                                                               compensation packages with a
 levels in certain geographies and                                                                combination of salary, annual bonus and
 changing expectations of working                                                                 long-term cash or share incentive plans.
 environments.                                                                                  – Giving the freedom, encouragement,
                                                                                                  financial resources and strategic support
                                                                                                  for managers to pursue ambitious
                                                                                                  growth plans.




 Product liability                             There is a risk that products supplied by a
                                               Group business may fail in service, which
                                                                                                Technically qualified personnel and control
                                                                                                systems are in place to ensure products
 Risk category                                 could lead to a claim under product liability.   meet quality requirements. The Group’s
 Operational risk                                                                               businesses are required to undertake
                                               The Group may be exposed to legal costs          product risk assessments
 Board risk appetite                           and potential damages if the claim               and comprehensive supplier quality
 Averse                                        succeeds and the supplier fails to meet its      assurance assessments.
                                               liabilities for whatever reason.
 Change in risk                                                                                 The businesses, in their terms and
                                               In situations where a Group business is          conditions of sale with customers,
                                               selling own-branded products and cannot          will typically mirror the terms and
 This risk remains at a similar level to       subrogate the liability to a supplier, the       conditions of purchase from the suppliers
 last year.                                    business will be liable for failure of the       to limit any liabilities.
                                               product.

                                               The Group has liability insurance in place
                                               providing appropriate cover for each
                                               business.




86   Diploma PLC Annual Report 2022
                                                                                                    Increase            No change

                                                                                                    Decrease            New risk




 Principal risk                              Risk description and assessment                 Mitigation

 Foreign currency                                                                                                                          Overview
                                             The Group is exposed to two types of            The Group operates across a number of
                                             financial risk caused by currency volatility:   diverse geographies but does not hedge
 Risk category                               translational exposure, on translating the      translational exposure of operating profit
 Financial risk                              results of overseas subsidiaries into UK        and net assets.
                                             sterling; and transactional exposure, due to
 Board risk appetite                         operating businesses’ revenues or product       The Group’s businesses may hedge up to
 Cautious                                    costs being denominated in a currency           80% of forecast (for a maximum of 18
                                             other than their local currency.                months) foreign currency transactional
 Change in risk                                                                              exposures using forward foreign exchange
                                             Translational foreign exchange risk arises      contracts.




                                                                                                                                           Strategic Report
                                             primarily with respect to the US dollar, the
 This risk has remained at a similar level   Canadian dollar, the Australian dollar and      Rolling monthly forecasts of currency
 to last year.                               the Euro.                                       exposures are reviewed on a regular basis.

                                             A strengthening of UK sterling by 10%           Details of average exchange rates used in
                                             against all the currencies in which the Group   the translation of overseas earnings and of
                                             does business, would reduce adjusted            year end exchange rates used in the
                                             operating profit by approximately £17.0m        translation of overseas balance sheets, for
                                             (9%), due to currency translation. Similarly,   the principal currencies used by the Group,
                                             a strengthening of UK sterling by 10%           are shown in note 26 to the consolidated
                                             against all the non-UK sterling capital         financial statements.




                                                                                                                                           Corporate Governance
                                             employed would reduce shareholders’ funds
                                             by £31.6m (5%).

                                             Transactional foreign exchange risk arises
                                             principally with respect to US dollars and
                                             Euros. The majority of the Group’s Canadian
                                             and Australian businesses’ purchases are
                                             denominated in US dollars and Euros. The
                                             Group’s US businesses do not have any
                                             material foreign currency transactional risk.




                                                                                                                                           Financial Statements




                                                                                                                                           Other Information




87   Diploma PLC Annual Report 2022
I NTER N A L CO NTRO L A N D R I SK M A N AG EM ENT
CO NTI N U ED
                                                                                                       Increase            No change

                                                                                                       Decrease            New risk




 Principal risk                               Risk description and assessment                  Mitigation

 Non-compliance                               The Group’s businesses are affected by
                                              various statutes, regulations and standards
                                                                                               The board of each business is accountable
                                                                                               for identifying and monitoring what laws
 with laws                                    in the countries and markets in which they       are relevant to their business, including any
                                              operate. Diploma PLC itself is a listed entity   emerging or changing legislation, and for
 Risk category                                subject to regulation and governance             ensuring commercial legal risks are
 Operational risk                             requirements.                                    appropriately managed.

 Board risk appetite                                                                           The Head of Legal advises on legislative
 Averse                                                                                        and regulatory changes relevant to the
                                                                                               Group as a listed company and has
 Change in risk                                                                                oversight of all material transactions
                                                                                               including acquisitions.

 Laws governing businesses continue
 to increase in volume, scope and
 complexity. As the Group scales,
 businesses are increasingly subject to the
 regulations of multiple jurisdictions that
 may not all align with one another.

 Our businesses are facing a large number
 of regulatory changes over the coming
 years in respect of environmental
 commitments and controls.




88   Diploma PLC Annual Report 2022
VIABILIT Y STATEMENT –
DIPLOMA PLC




In accordance with the UK Corporate                                                              The Directors confirm that they have a


                                                                                                                                                 Overview
                                                                                                 reasonable expectation that the Group will
Governance Code, the Directors have                                                              continue to operate and meet its liabilities,
                                                                                                 as they fall due, for the next three years to
assessed the viability of the Group over                                                         September 2025. The Directors’ assessment
                                                                                                 has been made with reference to the
a three-year period to 30 September 2025,                                                        resilience of the Group as evidenced by its
                                                                                                 robust performance during the past 24
which is a longer period than the outlook                                                        months during the Covid-19 pandemic,

required in adopting the going concern                                                           its strong financial position and cash
                                                                                                 generation, the Group’s current strategy,
basis of accounting.                                                                             the Board’s risk appetite and the Group’s
                                                                                                 principal risks and how these are managed,




                                                                                                                                                 Strategic Report
                                                                                                 as described in the Strategic Report.
A period of three years has been chosen         The viability assessment considers severe
for this assessment, having considered the      but plausible scenarios aligned to the
speed and degree of change possible in key      principal risks facing the Group where the
assumptions influencing the Group, as well      realisation of these risks is considered
as the speed of evolution of the footprint of   remote, and considering the effectiveness of
the Group, which collectively limits the        the Group’s risk management and controls
Director’s ability to predict beyond the        and current risk appetite.
period chosen reliably. Given the pace of
change in the primary end markets in which      A robust financial model of the Group is
the Group operates, the Directors believe       built on a business-by-business basis and




                                                                                                                                                 Corporate Governance
that three years represents the most            the metrics for the Group’s key performance
appropriate timescale over which to assess      indicators (KPIs) are reviewed for the
the Group’s viability. This timescale is        assessment period. The Group’s KPIs have
consistent with the Board’s strategy review     been subjected to sensitivity analysis that
during which the prospects of each business     includes flexing a number of the main
are discussed. As part of this, assumptions     assumptions, namely future revenue growth
are made regarding entering into new            (incorporating adverse trading impacts on
markets and geographies; future growth          the Group arising from a downturn in the
rates of the existing businesses; and the       major end markets in which the businesses
acceptable performance of existing              operate), operating margins and
businesses.                                     unfavourable working capital movements




                                                                                                                                                 Financial Statements
                                                (driven by further supplier chain disruption).
The Directors confirm that this robust          The degree of severity applied in this
assessment also considers the principal risks   sensitised scenario was based on
facing the Group, as described on pages         management’s experience and knowledge
82 to 88, and the potential impacts these       of the Sectors in which the Group operates.
risks would have on the Group’s business
model, future performance, solvency or          The results of flexing these assumptions,
liquidity over the assessment period. The       in aggregate to reflect a severe but plausible
Board considers that the diverse nature of      scenario, are used to determine whether
the Sectors and geographies in which the        additional bank facilities will be required
Group operates acts significantly to            during this period. The Group has significant




                                                                                                                                                 Other Information
mitigate the impact any of these risks          financial resources, including banking
might have on the Group.                        facilities as detailed on page 157. The Group
                                                also has a broad spread of customers and
                                                suppliers across different geographic areas
                                                and independent market sectors, often
                                                secured with longer-term agreements.
                                                The Group is further supported by a robust
                                                balance sheet and strong operational
                                                cash flows.




89   Diploma PLC Annual Report 2022
CHAIR’S INTRODUC TI ON TO GOVERNANCE




Compliance with the UK Corporate Governance Code
It is the Board’s view that for the financial year ended 30 September 2022, the Company
has been compliant with all of the principles and provisions set out in the UK Corporate
Governance Code 2018 (the Code), with the exception of provision 38 (alignment of
executive director pension contribution rates with those available to the workforce), for
which arrangements are in place to ensure compliance by 31 December 2022, as detailed in
the Remuneration Report on page 121. The current Remuneration Policy also provides that,
for directors appointed since the Policy was approved, the annual maximum pension
allowance or contribution will be aligned to the maximum rate available to the majority
of the wider UK workforce.


Principles of the UK Corporate                More information
Governance Code 2018
Board leadership and company purpose          Read more on pages 72 to 75, and page 99.
Diploma is led by an effective and
committed Board, dedicated to promoting
the long-term sustainable success of the
Company, generating value for shareholders
and stakeholders, and contributing to
wider society.

Division of responsibilities                  Read more on pages 96 to 98.
The roles of the Chair and the Group CEO
are separate and there is an appropriate
balance of Executive and Independent
Non-Executive Directors.

Composition, succession and evaluation        Read more on page 96, and pages
Appointments are subject to a formal,         108 to 113.
rigorous and transparent procedure.
Succession plans are in place for the Board
and senior management. An evaluation of
the Board and its committees is undertaken
annually, in line with the Code.

Audit, risk and internal control              Read more on pages 80 to 88, and pages
Formal, transparent policies and procedures   102 to 107.
are in place to ensure the independence and
effectiveness of the internal and external
audit functions, and the integrity of
financial and narrative statements, and to
manage and mitigate risks.

Remuneration                                  Read more on pages 114 to 138.
Diploma has remuneration policies designed
to attract the best talent and promote long
term sustainable performance aligned with
shareholder interests. Executive
remuneration is aligned to the Company’s
purpose and values and is clearly linked to
the delivery of long-term strategy.




90   Diploma PLC Annual Report 2022
Dear Shareholder,                               The Board is very conscious of the role it       Board succession and evaluation


                                                                                                                                                  Overview
On behalf of the Board, I am delighted          plays in ensuring that Diploma operates in a     Board succession remains a key area
to present the Company’s Corporate              manner which is consistent with the highest      of activity and focus. Following the
Governance Report for the year ended            standards of corporate governance. The           retirement of John Nicholas at our Annual
30 September 2022, which is my first report     pandemic has accelerated the evolution in        General Meeting (AGM) on 19 January 2022,
as your Chair. One of the responsibilities of   the approaches of shareholders and other         I assumed the role of Chair of your Board.
my role as Chair is to promote and oversee      stakeholders to these and broader topics.        Barbara Gibbes stepped down as CFO on
the highest standards of corporate              Financial performance is no longer the sole      30 September 2022, and Chris Davies was
governance within the Board and across          guiding reason for a corporation, instead it     appointed to the role on 1 November 2022.
the Group. The Board plays a critical role      must consider its place and role in society,     Anne Thorburn and Andy Smith are due to
in ensuring that every part of our Group        its resilience and its ability to create value   retire prior to the 2024 AGM and therefore
conducts its business in a manner which         over time for a wide range of different          the Board has commenced the process of
is consistent with ethical standards            stakeholders. Throughout the last few years,     seeking suitable candidates to take over




                                                                                                                                                  Strategic Report
appropriate to a responsible corporate          we have developed our approach and               their Committee Chair positions. The Board
citizen. A sound corporate governance           thinking around shareholders and                 is keenly aware of the need for diversity and
framework with the right systems and            stakeholders, how we capture their views         inclusion, which is a key component of the
controls is key to ensuring sustainable         and deliver their interests. A core element      Group’s DVR programme. The Board will
long-term success; we are also very             of this is the work that the Board has done      continue to set the right conditions and
conscious that effective governance is not      over the year to ensure that Diploma             lead by example through its own approach
purely a matter of regulatory compliance        contributes to wider society through             to inclusion and diversity across its
but encompasses many issues including           sustainable, long-term practices as well as      composition; further information can be
operating with integrity and honesty,           through our Delivering Value Responsibly         found in our Nomination Committee Report
promoting diversity and enabling better         (DVR) targets. Further information on our        on pages 108 to 113.
decision-making through inclusion to            sustainability programmes can be found on




                                                                                                                                                  Corporate Governance
ensure we balance the needs of all              pages 42 to 53. We have also continued to        A key aspect of good governance is for the
stakeholders and operate in a fair and          evolve and embed our DVR programme               Board to critically self-analyse itself, its
transparent manner.                             throughout the Group. Insights from our          members and Committees, in order to
                                                DVR programme have been used to inform           continually improve its effectiveness. The
This year will be the 30th anniversary of       steps taken by the Board, executive              Board carries out effectiveness reviews
the publication of the Cadbury Committee’s      management and our businesses to                 annually, and in FY22 this was undertaken
report on corporate governance, the             improve the efficiency of systems and            internally in line with the Code. This
founding document for today’s UK                processes, with the goal of further              evaluation has also enabled the Board to
Corporate Governance Code (the Code).           empowering our colleagues, increasing            identify opportunities for it to further
The report highlighted the importance of an     agility and speed in execution and               improve its effectiveness; additional detail
effective board in creating and maintaining     enhancing local accountability.                  on the evaluation results and areas of




                                                                                                                                                  Financial Statements
good corporate governance and set out the                                                        agreed focus can be found on page 113.
fundamentals of good governance which           Effective leadership and optimal colleague
remain in the current Code. As the              engagement depends on a healthy,                 The Board’s priorities for 2023 remain
environment in which corporate citizens         empowered and positive business culture.         consistent, with a continued focus on the
operate has evolved and our Group has           Diploma has a strong purpose, set of values      implementation of the Group’ strategy;
continued to grow in scale and complexity,      and cohesive cultural fundamentals which         challenging and empowering management;
we have continued to develop and improve        govern our actions and provide guidance          succession planning and management of
what constitutes good governance with a         across our varied businesses even in recent      risk. Your Board is well placed to execute its
particular focus on stakeholders,               challenging times. The importance of             stewardship role to ensure that the Group
sustainability, and long-term value creation.   culture has been particularly acute this year    continues to evolve, scale and deliver
                                                as our colleagues continued to adapt to          long-term sustainable growth. We will also
                                                new ways of working. Further details on how      continue to be agile, adapting our thinking




                                                                                                                                                  Other Information
“The high standards of                          the Board has monitored and assessed
                                                culture can be found on page 99.
                                                                                                 and priorities and promoting the interests
                                                                                                 of our investors, employees and other
 corporate governance                                                                            stakeholders over the coming years.

 underpin everything
                                                We will continue to refine and develop our
                                                governance processes, to ensure robustness       Our AGM will be held on 18 January 2023.
 we deliver.”                                   and efficiency, at Board level and throughout
                                                the Group, in a way which enables the
                                                                                                 I hope that as shareholders in the Company,
                                                                                                 you will be able to attend to meet with the
                                                creation of sustainable long-term value for      Board of Directors and discuss any matters
                                                our shareholders and stakeholders.               you feel are important to the future success
                                                                                                 of the Group.

                                                                                                 David Lowden
                                                                                                 Chair




91   Diploma PLC Annual Report 2022
GOVERNANCE AT A GL ANCE




Ethnic diversity                                           Gender diversity                                           Length of tenure



     100% Non-ethnic minority                                    57%     Male                                              57%        0–3 years
                                                                 43%     Female                                            14%        3–6 years
                                                                                                                           29%        6–9 years

Skills and experience
B2B, Industrial & Distribution Sectors
Retail and FMCG Sectors
Financial and Risk Management
Operations
Customer Service
Health & Safety
Strategy
M&A/Financing
International Business


Board and Committee attendance FY22 (as at 30 September 2022)

Member                     Board                           Audit Committee                    Nomination Committee                    Remuneration Committee
David Lowden               8/8                             –                                  4/4                                     6/6
John Nicholas              3/3                             –                                  1/1                                     1/1
Johnny Thomson             10/10                           –                                  –                                       –
Barbara Gibbes             9/9                             –                                  –                                       –
Anne Thorburn              10/10                           5/5                                5/5                                     6/6
Andy Smith                 10/10                           5/5                                5/5                                     6/6
Geraldine Huse             10/10                           5/5                                5/5                                     6/6
Dean Finch1                9/10                            5/5                                4/5                                     6/6

1 Dean Finch was unable to attend the Board and Nomination Committee meetings to approve the appointment of David Lowden as Chair, as they were called on short notice.


Changes to the Board
– John Nicholas stepped down from the                      – David Lowden was appointed as Chair of                   – Barbara Gibbes stepped down from the
  Board on 19 January 2022.                                  the Board and Nomination Committee                         Board on 30 September 2022.
                                                             on 19 January 2022.


Board activity and focus
                   focus area
                         area


00                                        25                                         50                                          75                                       100
     Strategy and strategic execution                            Finance                                                   Operations
     Colleagues and Culture                                      Risk                                                      Governance



92    Diploma PLC Annual Report 2022
Our governance framework


                                                                                                                                               Overview
The Board comprises the Chair, Executive Directors and Independent Non-Executive Directors, and is responsible for the performance and
long-term success of the Company, including health and safety, leadership, strategy, values, standards, controls and risk management.

                 David Lowden                                   Anne Thorburn                                   Independent
                     Chair                                Senior Independent Director                      Non-Executive Directors

     Leads the Board and ensures its overall       The Senior Independent Director provides a        Independent Non-Executive Directors
      effectiveness in discharging its duties.     sounding board for the Chair and serves as       ensure that no individual or small group
                                                     an intermediary for other Directors and        of individuals can dominate the Board’s
                                                                  shareholders.                                 decision making.




                                                                                                                                               Strategic Report
                                                     Group Company Secretary
                   The Group Company Secretary supports the Chair and ensures that Directors have access to accurate and
                                        timely information that they need to perform their roles.


                                                              Board Committees
               Audit Committee                             Nomination Committee                           Remuneration Committee
              Chair: Anne Thorburn                           Chair: David Lowden                             Chair: Andy Smith
   Oversees and monitors the Company’s                 Regularly reviews structure, size and       Reviews and recommends the framework




                                                                                                                                               Corporate Governance
      financial statements, accounting                  composition of the Board and its             and policy on Executive Director and
   processes, audit (internal and external),         Committees. Identifies and nominates             senior management remuneration.
 internal controls systems and financial risk      suitable candidates to be appointed to the      Reviews workforce remuneration policies
  management procedures. Also monitors                 Board. Leads the Board’s succession                and alignment with culture.
    the effectiveness of the internal audit         planning and keeps the senior leadership             See more on pages 114 to 138.
  function and reviews the external auditor             needs of the Group under review.
      independence and performance.                  Oversees the development of a diverse
        See more on pages 102 to 107.                          succession pipeline.
                                                          See more on pages 108 to 113.

             Treasury Committee                           Administration Committee                          Disclosure Committee




                                                                                                                                               Financial Statements
 Provides oversight of treasury activities in              Conducts general business                   Oversees the disclosure of market
    implementing the treasury policies              administration on behalf of the Company                 sensitive information.
          approved by the Board.                    within clearly defined limits delegated by
                                                      the Board and subject to the matters
                                                              reserved to the Board.



                                                           Executive Directors
                                           Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer
                           The Group CEO and CFO lead the implementation of the Group’s strategy set by the Board.




                                                                                                                                               Other Information
                                                                  Executive team
                           The Executive team provide strategic and operational leadership to the Group, ensuring that
                           strategies are executed effectively. The team comprises the direct reports of the Group CEO.


                                                               Senior Leadership Team
                             The Senior Leadership Team oversee essential day-to-day business operations and talent
                          strategy, lead core initiatives and implement policies and procedures. The team is made up of
                           members of the Executive team, Managing Directors of the businesses and key Group roles.




93     Diploma PLC Annual Report 2022
BOARD OF DIREC TORS




                                      Geraldine Huse           Johnny Thomson
                                      Non-Executive Director   Chief Executive Officer

                                      Joined                   Joined
                                      January 2020             February 2019




                                                                                  Andy Smith
                                                                                  Non-Executive
                                                                                  Director

                                                                                  Joined
                                                                                  February 2015




94   Diploma PLC Annual Report 2022
                                                                          Overview
                                Dean Finch                 David Lowden
                                Non-Executive Director     Board Chair

                                Joined                     Joined
                                May 2021                   October 2021




                                                                          Strategic Report




                                                                          Corporate Governance




                                                                          Financial Statements


                                      Anne Thorburn
                                      Senior Independent




                                                                          Other Information
                                      Director

                                      Joined
                                      September 2015




95   Diploma PLC Annual Report 2022
BOARD OF DIREC TORS
SKILL S AND E XPERIENCE




 N   R                                                                                     A N     R


David Lowden                                 Johnny Thomson                               Anne Thorburn
Board Chair & Nomination Chair               Chief Executive Officer                      Senior Independent Director & Audit Chair


Joined                                       Joined                                       Joined
October 2021                                 February 2019                                September 2015

Current external appointments:               Current external appointments:               Current external appointments:
– Senior Independent Director,               – None                                       – Non-Executive Director and Chair of the
  Morgan Sindall plc                                                                        Audit Committee, TT Electronics plc
– Chair, Capita PLC                          Relevant skills and experience:
                                             – B2B Industrial, Distribution and Service   Relevant skills and experience:
Relevant skills and experience:                Sectors                                    – B2B Industrial and Manufacturing Sectors
– Industrial and Distribution Sectors        – Financial and Risk Management              – Financial and Risk Management
– Financial and Risk Management              – Operations and Customer Service            – Strategy
– Operations                                 – Strategy                                   – M&A and Financing
– Strategy                                   – M&A and Financing                          – International Business
– M&A and Financing                          – International Business
– International Business                                                                  Past appointments:
                                             Past appointments:                           – Chief Financial Officer, Exova Group plc
Past appointments:                           – Group Finance Director,                    – Group Finance Director,
– Chair, PageGroup plc                         Compass Group PLC                            British Polythene Industries plc
– Senior Independent Director,               – Regional Managing Director, Latin          – Non-Executive Director, BTG plc
  Berendsen plc                                America, Compass Group PLC
– Chair, Huntsworth plc
– Non-Executive Director, William Hill plc
  and Cable & Wireless Worldwide plc
– Chief Executive, Taylor Nelson Sofres




                                             Chris Davies                                 Past appointments
                                             Chief Financial Officer                      – Chief Financial Officer,
                                                                                            National Express Group PLC
                                             Joined                                       – Group Financial Controller and Treasurer
                                             November 2022                                  (and Interim Group CFO), Inchcape plc
                                                                                          – Chief Financial Officer for North America,
                                             Relevant skills and experience                 Diageo plc
                                             – Retail and FMCG Sectors
                                             – Financial & Risk Management                Current external appointments
                                             – Strategy                                   – Non-Executive Director,
                                             – M&A and Financing                            Motability Operations Group PLC
                                             – International Business
                                             – Operations and Customer Service




96   Diploma PLC Annual Report 2022
                                                                                          Committee membership
                                                                                          R Remuneration
                                                                                          A Audit
                                                                                          N Nomination
                                                                                              Chair




                                                                                                                                          Overview




 A N      R                                       A N     R                                A N        R




                                                                                                                                          Strategic Report
Andy Smith                                       Geraldine Huse                           Dean Finch
Independent Non-Executive Director               Independent Non-Executive Director       Independent Non-Executive Director
& Remuneration Chair

Joined                                           Joined                                   Joined
February 2015                                    January 2020                             May 2021

Current external appointments:                   Current external appointments:           Current external appointments:
– None                                           – President, Procter & Gamble, Canada    – Group Chief Executive, Persimmon PLC




                                                                                                                                          Corporate Governance
Relevant skills and experience:                  Relevant skills and experience:          Relevant skills and experience:
– Healthcare, Retail, FMCG and Utilities         – Retail and FMCG Sectors                – B2B Industrial, Services and Retail Sectors
  Sectors                                        – Customer Service                       – Financial and Risk Management
– Operations, HR and Customer Service            – Sales and Marketing                    – Operations and Customer Service
– Strategy and Risk Management                   – Diversity, Equity & Inclusion          – Health & Safety
– Sustainability, Diversity Equity & Inclusion   – Organisational Development             – M&A and Financing
  and Health & Safety                            – International Business                 – Strategy
– International Business                                                                  – International Business
                                                 Past appointments:
Past appointments:                               – Chief Executive Officer, P&G Central   Past appointments:
– Managing Director, Severn Trent Services         Europe                                 – Chief Executive Officer,




                                                                                                                                          Financial Statements
– Water Services Director, Severn Trent plc      – Chair of the Institute of Grocery        National Express Group plc
– Group HR Director,                               Distribution                           – Group Chief Executive, Tube Lines
  The Boots Company PLC                                                                   – Group Finance Director & Group Chief
– Customer, Retail and Technology Director,                                                 Operating Officer, FirstGroup plc
  Severn Trent plc




                                                 John Morrison                            An experienced FTSE Company Secretary




                                                                                                                                          Other Information
                                                 Group Company Secretary                  and commercial solicitor, John is responsible
                                                 & Head of Legal                          for the Group’s legal, compliance and
                                                                                          governance framework.
                                                 Joined
                                                 April 2020                               John provides support and advice to the
                                                                                          Directors, the Board and its Committees.
                                                                                          He brings rigour to corporate governance
                                                                                          and ensures that Board procedures are fit
                                                                                          for purpose and adhered to. John has
                                                                                          expertise in regulatory and contractual law
                                                                                          and legal risk management.




97   Diploma PLC Annual Report 2022
BOARD OF DIREC TORS
DIVISION OF RE SPONSIBILITIE S




The Board is responsible to shareholders for     RO LES I N TH E B OA R D RO O M
the Group’s financial and operational
performance, risk management, culture,           Non-Executive Chair
and is collectively responsible for promoting
the long-term success of the Group.              – leads the Board and ensures its overall effectiveness in discharging its duties.
                                                 – shapes the culture in the boardroom and promotes openness, challenge and debate.
The Board is responsible for monitoring          – sets the agenda for Board meetings, focusing on strategy, performance, value
progress made against strategic objectives,        creation, risk management, culture, stakeholders and accountability.
approving proposed actions and ensuring          – chairs meetings ensuring there is timely information flow before meetings and
that the appropriate internal controls are in      adequate time for discussion and debate.
place and that they are operating effectively.   – fosters relationships based on trust, mutual respect and open communication inside
                                                   and outside the boardroom.
There is a formal schedule of matters            – leads relations with major shareholders in order to understand their views on
reserved for the Board which sets out the          governance and performance against strategy.
structure under which the Board manages
its responsibilities, providing guidance on      Independent Non-Executive Directors
how it discharges its authority and
manages the Board’s activities. The Board        – ensure that no individual or small group of individuals can dominate the Board’s
is assisted by three principal committees          decision making.
(Audit, Nomination and Remuneration),            – provide constructive challenge, give strategic guidance, offer specialist advice and hold
each of which is responsible for reviewing         executive management to account.
and dealing with matters within its own
terms of reference.                              Independent Non-Executive Directors meeting the independence criteria set out in the
                                                 Code comprise more than half of Board membership.
 Matters reserved for the Board
 The Board has a formal schedule of              Senior Independent Non-Executive Director
 matters reserved for its decisions:
                                                 – leads the Board and ensures its overall effectiveness in discharging its duties.
 – purpose, strategy and management              – provides the Chair with support in the delivery of objectives, where necessary works
 – values, culture and stakeholders                closely with the Nomination Committee, leads the process for the evaluation of the
 – membership of the Board and other               Chair and ensures orderly succession of the Chair’s role.
   appointments                                  – acts as an alternative contact for shareholders, providing a means of raising concerns
 – financial and other reporting and               other than with the Chair or senior management.
   controls
 – audit, risk and internal controls             Group CEO & Group CFO
 – contracts and capital structure
 – communication                                 – lead the implementation of the Group’s strategy set by the Board.
 – remuneration                                  – Group CEO is responsible for delivering the strategy and for the overall management
 – delegation of authority                         of the Group.
 – corporate governance and other                – Group CEO leads the Executive team and ensures its effectiveness in managing the
   matters                                         overall operations and resources of the Group.
                                                 – Executive Directors provide information and presentations to the Board and participate
                                                   in Board discussions regarding Group management, financial and operational matters.

                                                 Matters delegated to the CEO and CFO include managing the Group’s business in line
                                                 with the Group’s strategy, annual budget and implementation of the risk governance
                                                 framework.

                                                 Group Company Secretary

                                                 – supports the Chair and ensures the Directors have access to accurate and timely
                                                   information they need to perform their roles.
                                                 – is the trusted interlocutor within the Board and its Committees, and between executive
                                                   management and the Non-Executive Directors.
                                                 – advises the Board on legal and corporate governance matters and supports the Board
                                                   in applying the Code and complying with UK listing obligations, and other statutory
                                                   and regulatory requirements.




98   Diploma PLC Annual Report 2022
BOARD OF DIREC TORS
MONITORING CULTURE




Purpose, culture and values                      How the Board monitors culture                 The Board feels well informed on colleague


                                                                                                                                                 Overview
The Board is responsible for ensuring that                                                      views and matters and uses a combination
the Group achieves its purpose, which is to                                                     of methods to comply with the Code’s
consistently deliver value and reward its        The Board                                      requirements:
stakeholders by making a difference to our       – Strategy updates                             – Regular updates to the Board at every
colleagues, customers and communities. In        – CEO’s report                                    scheduled Board meeting on people
reviewing and ensuring the implementation        – Presentations by the Group HR Director          matters. Over the past year, colleague
of the Group’s strategy, the Board ensures       – Sector and function presentations               wellbeing and morale have been areas of
that the objectives of our purpose are met       – Employee engagement survey                      keen focus.
while also taking into account the risks and     – Site visits                                  – Colleague, talent and culture updates
opportunities facing the Group.                  – Board Committees                                from the Group HR Director.
                                                                                                – The Remuneration Committee reviews
The 2018 UK Corporate Governance Code            Our Board Committees also play an                 workforce pay practices across Diploma.




                                                                                                                                                 Strategic Report
(the Code) emphasises the importance of          important role in monitoring our culture:      – The Board regularly undertakes site visits.
the role of the Board regarding culture, with    – Remuneration Committee receives              – Executive Board members regularly
specific recommendations that the Board            updates from the Group HR Director that         interact with individual businesses and
assesses and monitors. Our decentralised           provide an overview of pay structures           our flat structure ensures strong channels
model means that culture is embedded in            across the Group and their alignment            of communication.
our businesses, each of which has its own          with our purpose, values and strategy.       – The Board was presented with the
unique aspects which we believe are critical       This allows the Committee to ensure that        outcomes of the Group Colleague
to the autonomy and empowerment that               the relevant policies and practices are         Engagement Survey and discussed these
underpins the Group’s success. However,            consistent with our values.                     together with key learnings. We were
there are core shared values across our          – Audit Committee has oversight of internal       delighted with the high participation rate
businesses: respect, continuous                    controls and continuous access to internal      and engagement index score; the full




                                                                                                                                                 Corporate Governance
improvement and accountability.                    audit, both of which can give an                results of the survey are detailed on pages
                                                   indication of culture, particularly homing      36 to 37.
During the year, the Board has monitored           in on any negative elements that don’t
culture in a number of ways. This includes         align with the Group’s culture.
business visits, presentations from Sector
leadership, strategy review sessions as well     Employee engagement
as updates on people and culture from the        The Board is committed to engaging
Group HR Director. Successfully scaling up       with employees and has considered the
our value-add model requires constant            employee engagement methods specified
evolution, and our culture has a critical role   by the Code but felt that alternative
to play in supporting growth. When               methods are more appropriate. Given
                                                 the Group’s decentralised model and its




                                                                                                                                                 Financial Statements
considering acquisition strategies, cultural
fit is also an important area of focus and       geographical spread, the Board has
discussion.                                      continued with a multi-faceted approach
                                                 to engagement with the global workforce
One of the key ways in which the Board           that is not led by any one Director or group
can experience and evaluate the culture is       of Directors.
through meeting with colleagues across our
businesses. We were delighted to travel to       We consider that engagement by the local
the USA in March 2022 and visit Windy City       Managing Directors (MDs) with their own
Wire in Chicago and Hercules Aftermarket         workforce, together with strong channels
in Louisville. The results of our Group          of communication from MDs to their
Colleague Engagement Survey (discussed           respective Sector CEO as well as




                                                                                                                                                 Other Information
on page 36 to 37) have also provided             communication with the global workforce
further insight.                                 led by the Group’s central functions,
                                                 provides an effective platform for
                                                 transparent two-way dialogue with
                                                 employees.




99   Diploma PLC Annual Report 2022
BOARD OF DIREC TORS
BOARD AC TIVITIE S




Set out below are some of the key activities, matters considered and decisions made by the Board in the year.

Strategy & strategic execution                Finance                                          Operations




        25%                                           20%                                              10%


– Regularly reviewed the Group’s              – Received updates on the Group’s financial      – Regular updates from the CEO.
  performance against the strategy              performance.                                   – Monitored and discussed the impact
  including actions taken in respect of       – Approved the 2023 budget; monitored              of Covid-19 on the Group’s operations.
  managing the pandemic.                        performance against the 2022 budget            – Modern Slavery Statement.
– Presentations by the Corporate                through regular presentations from the         – Sector presentations.
  Development Director and Sector               CFO.
  leadership on strategic priorities and      – Assessed and approved the proposed
  execution against those priorities.           dividend payments, balancing the views
– Reviewed and discussed our ESG strategy       of various stakeholders.
  and approach, Delivering Value              – Investor relations: received regular reports
  Responsibly.                                  including share register movement and
– Reviewed and approved the Group’s             feedback from analysts and investors.
  M&A and business development                – Presentations from Tax and Treasury
  activities, reorganisations and various       Functions.
  other projects.                             – Control of Treasury and Tax policies.
– Strategy review session.




100 Diploma PLC Annual Report 2022
                                                                                                                                    Overview
Colleagues & culture                        Risk                                        Governance




        15%                                         15%                                         15%



                                                                                                                                    Strategic Report
– Reviewed Group Colleague Engagement       – Received reports on the macroeconomic     – Regular corporate governance and
  Survey.                                     environment, world events and emerging      regulatory updates from the Group
– Received reports on workforce wellbeing     trends.                                     Company Secretary.
  throughout the year.                      – Annual risk review: review of principal   – Concluded externally facilitated Board
– USA site visits.                            risks to ensure they remain appropriate     effectiveness review.
– Talent and succession update.               together with mitigating activity;        – Agreed and tracked actions from the
– Whistleblowing reports.                     reviewed and approved the inclusion         2021 external evaluation of the Board’s
                                              of new and emerging risks.                  performance.




                                                                                                                                    Corporate Governance
                                            – Quarterly risk updates.                   – Approved the appointment of a new
                                            – Cybersecurity briefing.                     Executive Director.
                                            – Annual Insurance Review.                  – Reviewed schedule of matters reserved
                                                                                          for the Board and Terms of Reference
                                                                                          of its Committees.
                                                                                        – Reviewed and approved the Company’s
                                                                                          financial reporting.




                                                                                                                                    Financial Statements




                                                                                                                                    Other Information




101 Diploma PLC Annual Report 2022
AUDIT COMMIT TEE REPORT




Member                 Meetings attended       Key matters discussed
                                               – Reviewed and agreed the scope of audit
Anne Thorburn                            5/5      work to be undertaken by the external
(Chair)                                           auditor and agreed the terms of
                                                  engagement and fees to be paid for the
Andy Smith                               5/5      external audit.
                                               – Reviewed the Annual Report & Accounts
Geraldine Huse                           5/5      and received reports from the CFO and
                                                  the external auditor on the key
Dean Finch                               5/5
                                                  accounting issues and areas of significant
                                                  judgement.
The role of the Committee                      – Reviewed the report on compliance with
The Audit Committee is responsible for            the UK Corporate Governance Code 2018
ensuring that the Group maintains a strong        and reports on the provision of
control environment. It provides effective        information to the auditor.
governance over the Group’s financial          – Reviewed the report from the CFO on the
reporting, including oversight and review         controls in place to mitigate fraud risk.
of the systems of internal control and risk    – Reviewed the Half Year Announcement
management, the performance of internal           and received reports from the external
and external audit functions, as well as the      auditor on the key accounting issues and
behaviour expected of the Group’s                 areas of significant judgement.
employees through the whistleblowing           – Reviewed the trading updates.
policy and similar codes of conduct. The       – Reviewed the effectiveness of the Group’s
Committee continues to focus on                   internal control and risk management
monitoring and overseeing management              procedures and where appropriate, made
on these improvements to governance,              recommendations to the Board on areas
compliance and financial safeguards.              for improvement.
                                               – Invited the Group Internal Audit Director
   Terms of reference can be found on            to attend meetings to review the results
    our website at www.diplomaplc.com             of the internal audit work for the current
                                                  year and to agree the scope and focus of
                                                  internal audit work to be carried out in the
                                                  following year.
                                               – Reviewed the UK Corporate Governance
                                                  Code 2018 and future reporting under
                                                  section 172 Companies Act 2006.
                                               – Approved the Committee work
                                                  programme for 2023.
                                               – Approved the Going Concern and Viability
                                                  Statements.
                                               – Continued to monitor developments in
                                                  audit reform and changing best practice.
                                               – Received training and key updates from
                                                  external advisors on ESG issues and TCFD
                                                  reporting requirements.
                                               – Oversaw the audit partner rotation process.




102 Diploma PLC Annual Report 2022
 Dear Shareholder                                  The Committee continues to monitor the          As Audit Chair, I have regular conversations


                                                                                                                                                     Overview
 The Audit Committee assists the Board in          uncertainties arising from these changes        with the CFO, Group Internal Audit Director,
 discharging its responsibilities with regard to   and consider the management and                 Group Financial Controller, Group Company
 monitoring the integrity of Group financial       mitigation of these risks. In addition, the     Secretary & Head of Legal and also the audit
 reporting, external and internal audits and       Committee has received reports on internal      partner at PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP
 controls. This includes advising on the           audits for the Group’s businesses, together     (PwC), our external auditor.
 reappointment and independence of                 with several deep dive sessions including
 external auditors and assessing the quality       in respect of audits of recently acquired       PwC has now completed its fifth full annual
 of their services; and reviewing the              businesses, as well as updates on the steps     cycle, and we value the rigour and challenge
 effectiveness and appropriateness of the          being taken to address internal audit           of its approach. I am pleased to report that
 Company’s internal audit activities, internal     findings and control issues.                    again there have been no significant control
 controls and management systems.                                                                  deficiencies or accounting irregularities
                                                   I commented in last year’s report that the      reported to the Committee this year. The




                                                                                                                                                     Strategic Report
 During the year ended 30 September 2022,          Committee was mindful of the changing           Committee plans to commence a retender
 the Committee has ensured that it has had         governance landscape and potential weight       process for the audit during 2026/2027 for
 oversight of all these areas while also           of anticipated regulation in the near future,   the FY28 Annual Report and Accounts in
 focusing on diverse changes in the external       given the number of recent formal reviews       order to make any necessary changes to
 environment, both regulatory and political,       undertaken regarding different aspects of       providers of other services in a timely and
 including any continued residual impact           corporate governance and audit market           orderly fashion and to appoint an auditor
 of the Covid-19 pandemic, which has had           reform. In particular, we note the UK           before the start of that year as this is in the
 a range of implications on the risk               government’s proposed reforms to the audit      best interests of our shareholders. I am
 management activities of the Company.             and corporate governance regime which           confident that the Audit Committee has
                                                   were published on 31 May 2022 and which         carried out its duties effectively and to a
                                                   include the creation of a new regulator for     high standard during the year, providing




                                                                                                                                                     Corporate Governance
                                                   the audit industry and increased disclosure     independent oversight with the support
                                                   requirements in respect of internal controls.   of management and assurance from the
                                                   In anticipation of these reforms and under      external auditors. In accordance with UK
                                                   the supervision of the Committee,               regulations, PwC adheres to a rotation
                                                   management has started planning for             policy based on best practice and the Group
                                                   expected changes, including preliminary         engagement partner will serve a period of
                                                   steps in determining the scope and contents     no longer than five years. Chris Burns
                                                   of the Company’s audit and assurance policy.    became the lead audit partner for the year
                                                                                                   ended 30 September 2018 following the
                                                   The Committee has also monitored                appointment of PwC, and therefore this will
                                                   initiatives of other regulatory authorities     be his final audit.




                                                                                                                                                     Financial Statements
                                                   to provide investors with consistent,
                                                   comparable and reliable information on          I look forward to meeting shareholders at
                                                   climate-related and ESG matters. We are         the Annual General Meeting on 18 January
                                                   supportive of regulation that enables           2023 and will be happy to respond to any
                                                   informed investment decisions and support       questions relating to the activities of the
                                                   efforts to encourage harmonisation across       Audit Committee.
                                                   regulatory regimes.
                                                                                                   Anne Thorburn
                                                                                                   Chair of the Audit Committee
                                                                                                   21 November 2022




                                                                                                                                                     Other Information
“Adapting to
  a changing
  environment and
  new ways of working
  to ensure financial
  integrity and robust
  and effective internal
  controls.”
 103 Diploma PLC Annual Report 2022
AU D IT CO M M IT TEE
CO NTI N U ED




Audit Committee                                 The Committee considered the matters set         The Group completed two disposals in
The Committee is chaired by Anne Thorburn       out below as being significant in the context    the year for combined proceeds of £21m
and comprises four Independent Non-             of the consolidated financial statements for     resulting in a net profit on disposal of £7.3m.
Executive Directors. The Committee acts         the year ended 30 September 2022. These          The profit on disposal has been presented
independently of the Executive Directors        were discussed and reviewed with                 within acquisition and other related items.
and management. Our members have                management and the external auditor; the
a range of skills and the Committee as a        Committee then challenged judgements             Provisions for excess and slow-
whole has experience relevant to the Sectors    and sought clarification where necessary.        moving inventory
in which the Group operates. Anne has                                                            The Committee reviewed the report of
recent and relevant financial experience,       The Committee considered the judgements          the CFO that set out the gross balances,
as required by the Code.                        made in preparing the financial statements,      together with any related provision against
                                                including the accounting for acquisitions        the carrying value of inventory. The
The Group Company Secretary & Head of           and associated valuation of intangible           Committee reviewed the bases used to
Legal acts as Secretary to the Committee.       assets, the provisions for excess and            value inventory held across the Group; they
The Executive Directors also attend             slow-moving inventory, the potential for         also considered the appropriateness of
Committee meetings and subject matter           impairment of goodwill and the                   provisions held against the carrying value
experts are invited to present on specific      appropriateness of the Going Concern             of inventory, having regard to the age and
topics as and when required. The                assumption. The Committee also reviewed          volumes of inventory relative to expected
Committee met with the external auditor         the movements in the Group’s defined             usage and considering the actions taken in
during the year, without the Executive          benefit pension schemes.                         response to supply chain disruptions during
Directors being present.                                                                         the year and any continued impact of the
                                                Accounting for acquisitions and                  Covid-19 pandemic.
The Audit Committee confirms that the           disposals
Company has complied with the provisions        The Committee reviewed the accounting            Following its review, which also included
of the Competition & Markets Authority          for acquisitions completed during the year,      consideration of the external audit findings,
Order throughout its financial year ended       in particular the acquisitions of R&G Fluid      the Committee concluded that the
30 September 2022 and up to the date of         Power Group and Accuscience. The                 provision for excess and slow-moving
this report.                                    acquisitions were material for the FY22 audit    inventory is appropriate.
                                                and, in accordance with IFRS 3 (Business
Financial reporting and significant             Combinations), management has                    Impairment of goodwill
financial judgements and estimates              performed a full fair value exercise for these   The Committee considered the carrying
The Committee considered and assessed:          two acquisitions in this year’s financial        value of goodwill and the assumptions
– the full year and half year results, and      statements. As part of their audit of the        underlying the impairment review. The
  trading updates for recommendation            Group, the external auditor has performed        judgements in relation to goodwill
  to the Board;                                 work on:                                         impairment largely relate to the
– the appropriateness of accounting             a) the Purchase Price Allocation (PPA);          assumptions underlying the calculations of
  policies and practices, as well as critical   b) the opening balance sheet as at the           the value in use of the cash-generating units
  accounting estimates and key                  acquisition date; and                            (CGUs) being tested for impairment. These
  judgements; and                               c) audit of any material fair value              judgements are primarily the calculation of
– whether the Annual Report, taken as           adjustments arising on the acquisition           the discount rates, which have increased
  a whole, is fair, balanced and                balance sheet.                                   due to rising risk free rates and the cost of
  understandable and provides the                                                                debt, the achievability of management’s
  information necessary for shareholders        The Committee reviewed and challenged            forecasts in the short to medium term
  to assess the Group’s position and            management’s assessment, which also              against the backdrop of a challenging
  performance, business model and               included consideration of the external audit     macroeconomic environment, residual
  strategy.                                     findings. The Committee concluded that           impact of the Covid-19 pandemic and the
                                                the accounting for these two acquisitions        selection of the long-term growth rate.
                                                and the other five smaller acquisitions is       Following the review, which also included
                                                appropriate.                                     consideration of the external audit findings,
                                                                                                 the Committee concluded that the carrying
                                                                                                 value of the goodwill recorded is appropriate.




104 Diploma PLC Annual Report 2022
Other audit matters                            Engagement of the external auditor


                                                                                              Overview
The Committee also considered other less       The external auditor is engaged to express
material matters including the valuation of    an opinion on the financial statements of
the Group’s defined benefit scheme and the     the Group and of the Company. The audit
impact of the key actuarial assumptions on     includes the consideration of the systems
the balances. The Committee is satisfied       of internal financial control and the data
with the year end position and the             contained in the financial statements, to
assumptions used.                              the extent necessary for expressing an audit
                                               opinion on the truth and fairness of the
In addition to the above, the Committee        financial statements.
also seeks comments from the auditor on
whether the Group’s businesses follow          During the year, the Committee carried out
appropriate policies to recognise material     an assessment of the audit process, led by




                                                                                              Strategic Report
streams of revenue, and their audit work       the Chair of the Committee and assisted by
carried out more generally has assessed        the CFO. The assessment focused on certain
whether there is any evidence of               criteria that the Committee considered to
management override of key internal            be important factors in demonstrating an
controls designed to guard against fraud       effective audit process. These factors
or material misstatement.                      included the quality of the audit process
                                               and the robustness of challenge to
As part of its monitoring of the integrity     management, key audit risks and how these
of the financial statements, the Committee     have been addressed, the planning and
reviews whether suitable accounting            execution of the audit and the role of
policies have been adopted and whether         management in the audit process.




                                                                                              Corporate Governance
management has made appropriate
estimates and judgements, and seeks            The Committee was satisfied that the
support from the external auditor to           PwC audit of the Company and Group had
assess them.                                   provided a robust and effective audit and
                                               an appropriate independent challenge of
Going Concern and Viability                    the Group’s senior management. It also
The Going Concern and Viability assessment     supported the work of the Committee
was prepared by management. In preparing       through clear and objective communication
the assessment, management carried out         on developments in financial reporting
reverse stress testing as well as scenario     and governance.
analysis. Two scenarios were considered




                                                                                              Financial Statements
– the base case and the downside case. The     The Committee also oversaw the audit
base case reflects actual recent trading and   partner rotation process as Chris Burns, the
takes account of any further residual impact   current lead audit partner, is due to rotate
of Covid-19. The downside case reflects a      after this FY22 year end. A replacement has
more significant decline in trading, adverse   been identified and has been shadowing the
movements in working capital and lower         audit process to ensure a smooth handover.
than forecast operating margin, and is
considered by management to be a severe
but plausible scenario.

The Group has ample liquidity and covenant
headroom in each scenario for both Going




                                                                                              Other Information
Concern and Viability Statement purposes.
The Audit Committee reviewed the
assumptions underpinning each scenario
and is satisfied with management’s
assessment and conclusions in respect of
Going Concern and Viability. Further detail
on the assessment of Viability and the
Viability Statement are set out on page 89.
Further details on Going Concern can be
found on page 170.




105 Diploma PLC Annual Report 2022
AU D IT CO M M IT TEE
CO NTI N U ED




Non-audit services                               With the exception of these services,          Key financial and operational measures
The Committee has approved the Group’s           PwC has not provided any non-audit             relating to revenue, cash and receivables
internal guidelines covering the type of         services to the Group or its subsidiaries      are reported on a weekly basis. Detailed
non-audit work that can be carried out by        and has confirmed its independence to          management accounts and key
the external auditor of the Group, in light      the Audit Committee. Further information       performance indicators are prepared
of the regulation set out in the EU Audit        is set out in note 25 to the consolidated      monthly using a robust proprietary reporting
Directive and Audit Regulation 2014 (the         financial statements.                          system to collect and analyse financial data
Regulations) and the Financial Reporting                                                        in a consistent format. Monthly results are
Council (FRC) Revised Ethical Standard 2019.     The Committee assures itself of the            measured against both budget and half
                                                 auditor’s independence by receiving regular    year reforecasts which have been approved
The Regulations substantially curtail those      reports from the external auditor which        and reviewed by the Board. All capital
non-audit services that can be provided by       provide details of any assignments and         expenditure above predefined amounts
the auditor to the Group and in particular       related fees carried out by the auditor in     must be supported by a paper prepared by
prohibits all tax related services, including    addition to its normal audit work, and these   management.
compliance services as well as general           are reviewed against the above guidelines.
advice and all consultancy and advisory          PwC has reconfirmed its independence for       All financial data is taken directly from each
services. The Regulations stipulate that         the current financial year.                    business’ trial balance held in their local ERP
Board approval is required if eligible                                                          system and reanalysed and formatted in a
non-audit services, such as due diligence        Risk management and internal control           separate Group management reporting
and similar assurance services, exceed 30%       The principal risks and uncertainties that     system, operated by the Group Finance
of the prior year Group audit fee and the        are currently judged to have the most          department. There is no rekeying of financial
Company may not allow eligible non-audit         significant impact on the Group’s long-term    data by the Group businesses to report
services to exceed 70% of the Group audit        performance are set out in a separate          monthly financial results. The Group Finance
fee, calculated on a rolling three-year basis.   section of the Strategic Report on Internal    department continues to develop the
                                                 Control and Risk Management on pages           functionality of this management reporting
The CFO does not have delegated authority        80 to 88.                                      system to provide greater insights into the
to engage the external auditor to carry out                                                     financial and operational activities of the
any non-audit work, but must seek approval       The Committee is responsible for reviewing     Group’s businesses.
from the Chair of the Audit Committee.           the effectiveness of the Group’s system of
                                                 internal control. The system of internal       The Group’s internal auditor regularly audits
Taxation services are not provided by the        control is designed to manage rather than      the base data at each business to ensure it
Group’s current audit firm; a range of           eliminate the risk of failure to achieve       is properly reported through to the Group
different firms are used for the provision       business objectives and can only provide       management reporting system.
of tax advice and any assistance with tax        reasonable and not absolute assurance
compliance matters generally. In addition,       against material misstatement or loss.         As part of the year end close process, each
due diligence exercises on acquisitions and                                                     business is required to complete a self-
similar transactions are not provided by the     The Group has the necessary procedures         assessment that evaluates the financial
auditor, but are placed with other firms.        in place to ensure that there is an ongoing    control environment in their business,
                                                 process for identifying, evaluating and        designed to identify weaknesses in controls.
The external auditor is retained to carry out    managing the principal risks to the Group.     These assessments are critically reviewed
assurance services to the Committee in           These procedures are in line with the FRC’s    by the Group Internal Audit Director and
connection with `agreed upon procedures’         guidance. The Board has established a clear    evaluated as part of regular Internal
on the Group’s half year consolidated            organisational structure with defined          Audit reviews.
financial statements (£28,000). The external     authority levels.
auditor also provides access to its Viewpoint                                                   A summary for each business is prepared
technical subscription service (£1,200).         The day-to-day running of the Group’s          for the Audit Committee. In addition, senior
                                                 business is delegated to the Executive         management of each business is required
                                                 Directors of the Group who are supported       to confirm its adherence with Group
                                                 by the heads of each business Sector and       accounting policies, processes and systems
                                                 functional heads of the Group.                 of internal control by means of a
                                                                                                representation letter.




106 Diploma PLC Annual Report 2022
The Committee has reviewed the                   At the end of the financial year, the Group      Whistleblowing


                                                                                                                                                    Overview
effectiveness of the Group’s risk                Internal Audit Director formally reports to      The Committee also monitors the adequacy
management and internal control systems          the Committee on the results of the internal     of the Group’s whistleblowing policy, which
for the period from 1 October 2021 to the        audit work carried out by his department         provides the framework to encourage and
date of this report. Taking into account the     during the year. The Committee reviews           give employees confidence to `blow the
matters set out on pages 82 to 88 relating       management’s responses to matters raised,        whistle’ and report irregularities. The policy,
to principal risks and uncertainties and the     including the time taken to resolve such         together with hotline posters, are placed on
reports from the Group Internal Audit            matters. Updated reports on progress             site noticeboards across the Group.
Director, the Board, with the advice of the      against the plan are provided at regular         Employees are encouraged to raise concerns
Committee, is satisfied that the Group has       intervals and the Audit Chair also meets         via the confidential multilingual hotline,
in place effective risk management and           separately with the Group Internal Audit         which is managed by an independent
internal control systems.                        Director at least twice a year to review some    external company and is available 24/7,
                                                 of the department’s reports and discuss          365 days a year.




                                                                                                                                                    Strategic Report
Internal audit                                   their findings.
The Group maintains an internal audit                                                             All reports are provided to the Group
department which reports directly to both        There were no significant or high-risk           Company Secretary & Head of Legal for
the CFO and Chair of the Audit Committee.        matters identified in the internal audits        review, to ensure that they are appropriately
The department comprises a Group Internal        undertaken during the current financial          investigated – with the support of internal
Audit Director and a Group Internal Auditor      year. Several recommendations were again         audit and external resource, if required.
based at the Group’s offices in London.          made this year to the businesses in regard       Most matters reported through the
                                                 to implementing adequate and effective           whistleblowing service relate to personnel/
In January 2022, the Group Internal Audit        internal controls and procedures aimed           HR matters and, while these are not areas
Director presented his audit plan for the        at improving existing processes around           for review by the Committee, such matters
year to the Committee for its approval.          cybersecurity, inventory management              are duly investigated in the same manner




                                                                                                                                                    Corporate Governance
Increasingly during the year, internal audit     and procurement.                                 as any other issue raised.
undertook audits in person as travel
restrictions were lifted in a number of key      The Committee conducted the annual
jurisdictions. The department continued to       review of the effectiveness of the internal
effectively rely on remote visits with the use   audit department, including its audit plan,
of appropriate communication technology          general performance and relationship with
where site visits were not possible.             the external auditors. Based on its review,
                                                 the Committee was satisfied with the
The scope of work carried out by internal        effectiveness of the Group’s internal audit
audit generally focuses on the internal          function, specifically that the internal audit
financial, operational and compliance            department is sufficiently independent of




                                                                                                                                                    Financial Statements
controls operating within each business,         executive management and has sufficient
including risk management activities and         resources and scope that is appropriate for
business process improvements. Formal            the size and nature of the Group.
written reports are prepared on the results
of each internal audit visit that set out
internal control weaknesses/risks identified
during their work, together with
recommendations to improve the internal
control environment and mitigate these
weaknesses/risks. These reports are timely
and regularly discussed with senior
management within the Group. The reports




                                                                                                                                                    Other Information
are also shared with the external auditors.




107 Diploma PLC Annual Report 2022
NOMINATION COMMIT TEE REPORT




Member                       Meetings attended          Key matters discussed
                                                        – Recruitment of a Chief Financial Officer
David Lowden                                      4/4     and broader succession planning for
(Chair)                                                   Chairs of Audit and Remuneration
                                                          Committee.
Anne Thorburn                                     5/5   – Consideration of a detailed skills,
                                                          experience and diversity matrix that
Andy Smith                                        5/5     sought to identify recruitment priorities
                                                          based on identified gaps, industry
Geraldine Huse                                    5/5
                                                          expectations and good practice.
Dean Finch                                       4/51   – Facilitating a more diverse list of potential
                                                          candidates ahead of the search for two
John Nicholas                                     1/1     Non-Executive Directors by setting clear
                                                          objectives for the external search
1 Dean Finch was unable to attend the meeting to
                                                          consultants and ensuring a clear
  confirm the appointment of David Lowden as it was       articulation of the company’s ongoing
  called on short notice.                                 commitment to improving diversity in role
                                                          specifications.
The role of the Committee                               – Consideration of the contributions and
The Nomination Committee reviews the                      effectiveness of the Non-Executive
composition of the Board and principal                    Directors seeking re-election at the 2022
Committees, considering skills, knowledge,                Annual General Meeting, prior to giving
experience and diversity requirements before              recommendations to the Board and
making appropriate recommendations to                     shareholders for their re-elections.
the Board regarding any changes. It also
manages succession planning for Directors
and the Group Company Secretary and
oversees succession planning for senior
leadership across the Group.

    Terms of reference can be found on
     our website at www.diplomaplc.com




108 Diploma PLC Annual Report 2022
Dear Shareholder,                               The Board will maintain oversight of the
                                                                                                  “Ensuring the right mix
                                                                                                                             Overview
I am pleased to set out below the report on     range of activities the Group is pursuing
the activities of the Nomination Committee
during the year.
                                                aimed at increasing the diversity of our
                                                workforce – including the executive pipeline
                                                                                                    of skills and
The Board is of the view that it is essential
                                                that is essential for Executive Director
                                                succession planning. We have written
                                                                                                    experience to deliver
to have an appropriate mix of experience,
expertise, diversity and independence. Such
                                                elsewhere (see page 40) about our Group-
                                                wide approach to diversity and inclusion,
                                                                                                    long-term value for
diverse attributes enable the Board as a        which emanates from the Board and                   our stakeholders.”
whole to provide informed opinions and          impacts the approach of the Nomination
advice on strategy and relevant topics,         Committee.
thereby discharging its duty of oversight.
Appointments to the Board are made              The FRC’s guidance on board effectiveness




                                                                                                                             Strategic Report
following consideration of the experience       recognises a breadth of diversity that goes
and expertise of existing Directors, any        beyond just gender and race, and includes
required skill sets or competencies, and the    personal attributes including intellect,
strategic requirements of the Group. During     critical assessment, judgement, courage,
2022, the composition of the Board changed      honesty and tact; and the ability to listen
slightly, reflecting: (i) John Nicholas         and forge relationships and develop trust.
stepping down from the Board, and (ii) the      This ensures that a board is not comprised
departure of Barbara Gibbes.                    of like-minded individuals. The Committee
                                                agrees that diversity is vital when reviewing
A fundamental responsibility of the             the composition of the Board and setting
Committee is to ensure plans are in place       the criteria for the recruitment of new




                                                                                                                             Corporate Governance
for orderly succession to the Board, as well    appointees, alongside succession planning
as our Group Company Secretary and senior       activities. External search consultants are
management positions, and the Committee         expected to make every effort to put
debates these regularly. The main focus of      forward diverse candidates for new Board
the Committee during this past year has         positions. Whilst appointments will continue
been on Board succession planning,              to be made on merit and against objective
including the appointment of our new Chief      criteria, it remains the Committee’s
Financial Officer and the search for the        intention that the diversity on the Board
Chairs of the Audit and Remuneration            will continue to increase over time.
Committees to ensure these positions are
appointed in time for an orderly handover.      The Committee has also maintained its




                                                                                                                             Financial Statements
The Committee continually monitors the          focus on the executive succession pipeline
balance on the Board to ensure we have the      and senior management succession plans
right combination of skills, experience and     within the Group, reflecting its responsibility
knowledge consistent with the long-term         to ensure appropriate plans are in place.
strategy of the Company. This allows us to
identify where further focus is needed in the   David Lowden
coming years and beyond.                        Chair of the Board and Nomination
                                                Committee
We are mindful of the discussions around        21 November 2022
improving diversity and inclusion, together
with the targets set by the Hampton-
Alexander Review and the Parker Review.




                                                                                                                             Other Information
Following the departure of Barbara Gibbes
at the end of the financial year, two out of
seven Directors (28.57%) are women. It is
the Board’s aim to meet the targets set by
the Hampton-Alexander and Parker reviews,
dealing with gender and ethnic diversity
respectively, which is feasible given current
succession plans.




109 Diploma PLC Annual Report 2022
N O M I N ATI O N CO M M IT TEE
CO NTI N U ED




Nomination Committee                            Induction and professional development          The Chair also has the responsibility of
The Nomination Committee is chaired by          The Chair, assisted by the Group Company        ensuring that Directors receive training on
David Lowden, Board Chair. The Committee        Secretary, is responsible for ensuring that     a continual basis in support of their ongoing
comprises the Non-Executive Directors and       there is a properly constructed and timely      development. This training is provided by
meets as necessary to discharge its             induction for new Directors upon joining the    way of technical updates, reports and
responsibilities.                               Board. Upon appointment, all new Directors      briefings prepared for Board meetings.
                                                are provided with a comprehensive               Directors have full access to our corporate
The Group Company Secretary acts as             induction, where they meet with key             advisors as well as a regular and
Secretary to the Committee.                     members of management and familiarise           comprehensive supply of financial,
                                                themselves with all core aspects of the         operational, strategic and regulatory
The Committee reviews the composition           Group, its businesses and the markets in        information to help them discharge their
of the Board and principal Committees,          which it operates.                              responsibilities.
considering skills, knowledge, experience
and diversity requirements before making        Directors are encouraged, wherever              During the year, the Board held a strategy
appropriate recommendations to the Board        possible, to visit the Group’s sites so that    review session to confirm the Company’s
regarding any changes. It also manages          they can get a better understanding of          strategic goals as well as receiving detailed
succession planning for Directors and the       the business and interact with employees.       updates on operations and support
Group Company Secretary, and oversees           While travel was restricted and complex         functions.
succession planning for senior leadership       during the Covid-19 pandemic, site visits
across the Group.                               by individual Directors (and the Board as
                                                a whole) have resumed and allowed
The Committee’s role and responsibilities are   Directors to see Diploma’s safety and
set out in its Terms of Reference, which were   sustainability processes, to talk with local
reviewed during the year and approved by        management and workforces and to assess
the Board.                                      how effectively Diploma’s culture is
                                                communicated and embedded at all levels.




 Process for Board appointments
 When making Board appointments, we             During the year we engaged Russell
 follow the five steps outlined below. We       Reynolds in connection with the recruitment
 disclose the name of the search agent          of Chris Davies. Russell Reynolds do not have
 and any other connection they have with        any other connection to the Group, other
 Diploma in our Annual Report & Accounts        than providing executive search services.
 published following the search. In due
 course, a tailored induction programme
 is developed for the new Director.


 Step 1                      Step 2                      Step 3                      Step 4                       Step 5

 The Committee               A Committee                 The Committee               The Committee                Following Board
 reviews and                 member                      then defines a              makes a                      approval the
 approves an                 discusses the               shortlist of                recommendation               appointment is
 outline brief and           specification with          candidates and              to the Board for its         announced in line
 role specification          the independent             we hold interviews          consideration                with the
 and appoints a              search agent, who                                                                    requirements of the
 search agent to             prepares an initial                                                                  FCA’s Listing Rules
 facilitate the search       longlist of
                             candidates




110 Diploma PLC Annual Report 2022
                                                                                          Overview




                                                                                          Strategic Report




                                                                                          Corporate Governance

Induction of our new Chair
David Lowden was appointed Board Chair
earlier this year, and a comprehensive




                                                                                          Financial Statements
induction programme was put in place to
enable a smooth transition into the role.
A number of key induction highlights are
outlined below.


Calendar of activities

 November 2021              January 2022     March 2022              April 2022

 Meeting all Board          Handover with    Visit to Windy          Chair Q&A




                                                                                          Other Information
 colleagues, both           outgoing Chair   City Wire in            published in the
 individually and                            Chicago, and            Purple Portal, the
 collectively                                Hercules                Group’s newsletter
                                             Aftermarket in
 Meeting Group                               Louisville in the USA
 heads of functions
                                             Visit to Shoal Group,
                                             IS Group and
                                             Clarendon in
                                             the UK




111   Diploma PLC Annual Report 2022
N O M I N ATI O N CO M M IT TEE
CO NTI N U ED




Onboarding processes                                       Succession planning                              The Committee is aware of the importance
The decentralised nature of the Group has                  The Committee formally reviews succession        of identifying critical roles within the
always made induction processes complex.                   planning for the Board, Group Company            businesses to ensure we retain and motivate
The pandemic led us to reconsider how                      Secretary and Head of Legal, and senior          key talent and have the necessary skills for
these processes can be conducted                           management at least once each year,              the future. Overall, it was clear that we have
effectively. Customarily there would have                  taking into account the challenges and           a good executive and management
been face-to-face meetings with key                        opportunities facing the Group and the           succession planning process and,
executives and management, introductions                   background, skills and expertise that will be    importantly, succession is being actively
to their direct reports, one-to-ones following             required by the Group in the future. During      managed by the Executive team to achieve
the initial meetings, and site visits arranged             2022, following the appointment of the new       the desired long-term outcomes.
to key businesses. Now parts of the                        Board Chair, the Committee undertook a
induction plan are conducted via video calls;              more thorough analysis of the Board’s            The standard term for Non-Executive
particularly where key people are located                  competencies. The Committee also                 Directors is three years. They normally serve
outside of Europe. This permits Directors to               considered how the Board would be required       for a maximum of nine years, which is split
have considerably greater exposure to the                  to evolve to be fit for the future, as well as   across three terms of three years each. All
various businesses and personnel and we                    any potential gaps that may need to be           Directors are subject to annual re-election.
are pleased that we can once again                         filled through succession or training.           With only specific exceptions that may be
encourage Directors to visit our businesses                                                                 necessary to ensure Board continuity,
and appreciate our culture and colleagues in               The CEO manages the development of               Non-Executive Directors shall not stand for
person as well as continuing to develop their              succession plans for executive                   re-election after they have served for the
understanding of each business.                            management, and these are overseen by            period of their independence, as determined
                                                           the Committee. The CEO and Group HR              by applicable UK standards, of nine years.
                                                           Director presented a succession planning
                                                           update to the Board in January 2022.



Length of tenure

                          2015        2016   2017   2018     2019   2020    2021    2022    2023    2024    2025    2026    2027   2028    2029    2030

David Lowden


Andy Smith1


Anne Thorburn1


Geraldine Huse


Dean Finch




      Length of term
1 Director in third and final term.




112    Diploma PLC Annual Report 2022
Board evaluation


                                                                                                                                              Overview
The Board conducts an annual evaluation of its performance and that of its committees and, in accordance with good practice, engages
an independent third-party facilitator to assist in this process every three years. For the year ended 30 September 2022, the evaluation of
the Board as a whole and of its committees was undertaken internally, led by the Board Chair. Board members completed questionnaires
regarding the operation and effectiveness of the Board and its committees. Findings were collated by the Group Company Secretary and
the Board Chair discussed the conclusions and recommendations separately with each Director.

The performance of the Non-Executive Directors was reviewed by the Board Chair. The performance of the Executive Directors was
reviewed by the Board Chair and the Non-Executive Directors and the results of the 2022 evaluation process were considered by the Board.
The conclusion was that the Board continued to function well, and the onboarding of the Board had been well received, resulting in
improvement to Board processes and workplans. Directors operated in an atmosphere of open and constructive debate with a good
breadth of skills, experience, and viewpoints. Following the evaluation, the below recommendations were made:




                                                                                                                                              Strategic Report
Recommendation                                                        Action

Consider the diversity of the Board, from both a gender and           Nomination Committee to address diversity requirements in
ethnicity standpoint.                                                 succession planning and during the Non-Executive Director
                                                                      recruitment process.

Continue to challenge and support on the progress of DVR actions.     Consider ESG skillsets during the Non-Executive Director recruitment
                                                                      process, creation of an ESG Committee as well as enhanced focus on
                                                                      climate-related financial risks.

Improve information shared with the Board to enhance visibility on    Board papers to include executive summaries to bring focus to




                                                                                                                                              Corporate Governance
certain topics and improve decision-making.                           discussions, and Sector presentations to the Board to include key
                                                                      indicators of customer and supplier performance.


The Company expects to update shareholders on the progress made in relation to the matters identified above in its 2023 Annual Report.

Key areas for development
The below recommendations were made following the 2021 external Board performance evaluation.

Recommendation                                                        Action

Consider increasing the size of the Board and bringing in further     Nomination Committee reviewed the composition of the Board




                                                                                                                                              Financial Statements
skills relevant to Diploma’s size and operations.                     and incorporated this into succession planning.

Board training programme to be evolved.                               Additional sessions included as part of annual calendar as well as
                                                                      bespoke sessions from advisors as required.

Employee engagement to be reviewed.                                   Increased number of site visits, with Non-Executive Directors
                                                                      conducting these individually on occasion and providing feedback
                                                                      to the Board.

Board schedule to be reviewed.                                        Board dinner in the evening prior to meetings included to cover




                                                                                                                                              Other Information
                                                                      specific areas of focus or concern and permit further informal
                                                                      engagement with key management.




113   Diploma PLC Annual Report 2022
REMUNER ATION COMMIT TEE REPORT




Member                  Meetings attended        Key matters discussed
                                                 – Approved Remuneration Committee work
Andy Smith (Chair)                         6/6     programme for 2022.
                                                 – Reviewed the AGM 2022 votes on the 2021
Anne Thorburn                              6/6     Remuneration Committee Report.
                                                 – Reviewed and proposed the new
David Lowden                               6/6
                                                   Directors’ Remuneration Policy, and as a
Geraldine Huse                             6/6     result, proposed amendments to the rules
                                                   of the Diploma PLC 2020 PSP.
Dean Finch                                 6/6   – Approved the service contract for the
                                                   new CFO.
John Nicholas                              1/1   – Approved annual performance bonus
                                                   targets and the subsequent bonus awards
                                                   for 2022.
The role of the Committee                        – Approved new Performance Share Plan
The Committee, on behalf of the Board,             (PSP) awards for Executive Directors and
agrees all aspects of the remuneration             Group senior management.
of the Executive Directors. It agrees the        – Confirmed the vesting percentages for
strategy, direction, and policy framework          the PSP awards made in December 2019,
for the remuneration of the senior                 which crystallised in 2022.
executives who have significant influence        – Reviewed Executive Directors’ salaries,
over the Group’s ability to meet its strategic     pensions, and benefits.
objectives. The Committee also oversees          – Reviewed the fees of the Chair and
all workforce remuneration policies.               Non-Executive Directors.
                                                 – Reviewed remuneration framework for
    	Terms of reference can be found on           Executive Team and senior management
     our website at www.diplomaplc.com             in the operating businesses.
                                                 – Reviewed workforce remuneration
–                                                  framework.
                                                 – Approved the 2022 Remuneration
                                                   Committee Report.




114   Diploma PLC Annual Report 2022
 Dear Shareholder                               It is against this backdrop that we have        Johnny Thomson’s total compensation


                                                                                                                                                Overview
 As Chair of the Board Remuneration             considered our remuneration policy for the      for 2022 (shown in the Single Figure table
 Committee (Committee), I am pleased to         upcoming three years.                           on page 129) is £3.8m (2021 £5.2m). The
 present our Directors’ Remuneration Report                                                     difference versus last year is mainly due
 (DRR) for the year ended 30 September          2022 performance and pay                        to lower share price appreciation.
 2022 and our revised Remuneration Policy       The Diploma team has delivered another
 for which shareholder approval will be         year of strong financial results, adding to     In line with the Code, the Committee
 sought at the January 2023 AGM.                the Group’s long-term track record of           reviewed individual Directors’ incentive
                                                excellent business performance and              plan outcomes and overall remuneration
 Context and approach to remuneration           shareholder returns. Organic growth has         considering the Group’s underlying
 Our people lie at the heart of our success.    been driven by revenue initiatives, positive    performance. We have not made any
 As our business grows and becomes more         demand, and pricing. Alongside this,            adjustments to our remuneration schemes
 complex, our people, teams and                 implementation of our strategy continues        as a result of Covid, no furlough support




                                                                                                                                                Strategic Report
 organisation must grow with it. It is vital    apace with the acquisition of new               was taken, and no discretional adjustments
 that we have the right calibre of people and   businesses to bring new capabilities and        have been applied to outcomes.
 that we incentivise excellent performance      opportunities to drive future organic growth.   Accordingly, the Committee is satisfied
 and reward them when they do. On page          With regards to scaling, it has been a year     that the incentive plan outcomes and the
 118, Diploma’s approach to remuneration        of excellent progress building infrastructure   total remuneration received by Executive
 is illustrated showing how strategy,           for scale, developing the target operating      Directors in respect of the year ended
 performance and reward align. In a             model, and evolving the structures,             30 September 2022 are consistent with the
 decentralised Group, we work hard to           capability and culture of the Group.            levels of company performance delivered
 balance alignment with local accountability                                                    and that the Remuneration Policy is
 and agility. Our reward policies and           Excellent delivery against our strategic        operating as intended.
 practices have supported the growth of the     priorities of growth, scaling and Delivering




                                                                                                                                                Corporate Governance
 business well over the years. During this      Value Responsibly have resulted in strong       Appointment of new CFO
 policy period, our performance has been        performance (shown in table on page 119).       Chris Davies joined Diploma as CFO on
 excellent and our talented management          Adjusted operating profit (+29%), reported      1 November 2022 after Barbara Gibbes
 team have doubled the size of the business.    revenue (+29%) and free cash (+11%)             left the Company on 30 September 2022.
                                                all exceeded annual bonus targets (on page      Having played an important role in helping
                                                130), resulting in a full bonus payment of      to steer Diploma through the pandemic and
                                                125% of salary for both Johnny Thomson          building strong foundations for the future,
“Reinforcing alignment                         and Barbara Gibbes.                             the Committee determined to treat Barbara

  of strategy and
                                                                                                as a good leaver and her remuneration
                                                Our long-term performance continues to          arrangements on departure were in
  reward, 2022 was                              create excellent shareholder returns. Our       accordance with the Remuneration Policy




                                                                                                                                                Financial Statements
                                                three-year compound annual growth rate          and plan rules. Her exit arrangements are
  a very strong year                            (CAGR) for adjusted earnings per share
                                                (EPS) is 19%. This exceeds the performance
                                                                                                set out on page 129.

  of performance,                               target maximum of 14%, and the return
                                                on adjusted trading capital employed
                                                                                                We appointed Chris following a thorough
                                                                                                process, which considered internal and
  strategic execution                           (ROATCE) is 17.3% meaning that the
                                                underpin applying to our PSP is in line with
                                                                                                external candidates. Diploma was Barbara’s
                                                                                                first FTSE Board appointment and her
  and consequently                              the Group’s financial model and meets the       package was set accordingly. Chris’ package
                                                                                                is commensurate with his experience as an
                                                Board’s expectation. Our relative three-year
  reward. Long                                  total shareholder return (TSR) performance      established CFO with an excellent track

  term growth and                               is in the 91st percentile of FTSE 250
                                                companies (excluding financial services and
                                                                                                record in decentralised, service-led,
                                                                                                multi-national organisations. It reflects the




                                                                                                                                                Other Information
  shareholder returns                           investment trusts), ranking 15 out of 158
                                                companies. Based on these excellent results,
                                                                                                increasing size and complexity of Diploma
                                                                                                and the important support he will provide
  are excellent.                                the Performance Share Plan (PSP) (PSP
                                                (2019)) has vested at maximum for Johnny
                                                                                                in the delivery of strategy, business
                                                                                                performance and a robust financial control
  Our plans remain                              Thomson and Barbara Gibbes, as well as all
                                                other PSP participants.
                                                                                                framework. This provides the right balance
                                                                                                within the company and reflects a fair
  ambitious and we are                                                                          package. The details of Chris’s package are
                                                                                                laid out on page 124. Consistent with our
  pleased to set out our                                                                        policy, Chris received buy-out awards in the

  Remuneration Policy
                                                                                                form of cash, Diploma shares and Diploma
                                                                                                PSP grants to compensate him for some of
  for the next phase                                                                            the variable remuneration awards that he
                                                                                                has surrendered in order to join Diploma.
  of growth.”                                                                                   Payments take account of the details of


 115   Diploma PLC Annual Report 2022
R EM U N ER ATI O N CO M M IT TEE
CO NTI N U ED




the remuneration foregone including the            The 2022 overall base salary increase across    Within the wider stakeholder context,
nature, vesting dates and performance              the Group is 7% for the workforce (2021,        we considered how we reward our whole
requirements attached to that                      4%), including senior managers. The             workforce, as covered earlier. The senior
remuneration and payments will not exceed          management team and Committee will              management team engages frequently
the expected value being forfeited. Exact          continue to review total compensation           with employees, either on a business-wide
amounts will be finalised following the            proactively in order to ensure our wider        basis or in the context of smaller focus
publication of his previous employer’s results     workforce is fairly rewarded. The Committee     groups, to solicit feedback generally on
and will be disclosed in next year’s DRR.          considers workforce perspectives when           a wide range of matters, including
                                                   setting Remuneration Policy, Executive          remuneration. Feedback is passed to the
Remuneration in the workforce                      Director compensation and overseeing            Committee via the Executive team and is
The skill and dedication of Diploma’s              senior management compensation                  taken into account by the Committee when
colleagues lie at the heart of our success.        frameworks.                                     setting Executive Directors’ Remuneration
The Group achieved outstanding levels of                                                           Policy. Additionally, we paid attention to
colleague engagement again this year               Remuneration policy review                      how governance is evolving and have made
(more information on page 36 to 37).               The Committee completed a                       a number of enhancements in our new
Remuneration in Diploma provides a careful         comprehensive policy review in 2022. The        policy which are set out on page 121
balance that enables local decision-making         review process is set out on page 120 and       including increasing minimum shareholding
in line with our decentralised business            covered a number of key factors.                requirements (MSR) and post cessation
model, whilst ensuring guidance and                                                                shareholding requirements.
governance from the Group, and including           The Group has increased considerably in size
a review of pay equity, which is one of the        and complexity in this policy period (shown     The last step in the policy review was to
Group’s ESG priorities.                            in the diagram on page 120). Since the          review relevant market data to inform
                                                   appointment of our CEO in 2019, the Group       (but not drive) the Committee’s
The CEO pay ratio for 2022 (detail on page         has doubled in size from a combination of       considerations. (data overview is set out on
135) has reduced from 180:1 to 129:1. The          strong organic growth, strategic execution      page 120). The Committee is aware of, and
principal reason for the reduction is lower        and the acquisition of 25 strategically         shares, shareholder concerns regarding the
share price appreciation from market               important businesses. Shareholders have         risk of over reliance on benchmarking. The
movements. The median pay for UK                   benefited and Diploma has grown from            Committee’s driver for any increased reward
colleagues has remained at a similar level         FTSE 185 to FTSE 111 over the period and the    is greater responsibility or complexity in the
£29,074 (2021: £29,036), with the addition         Group’s plans remain ambitious. Designing       relevant role and to recognise greater
of ca. 400 new employees from UK                   our policy to recognise the increased           capability in the individual. In a growing,
acquisitions. If we exclude employees who          responsibilities to attract, retain and         very successful business such as ours, we
joined through acquisitions, the median            incentivise management for the next phase       are cognisant of retaining our key people
pay for the UK workforce has increased             of growth was a top priority.                   as they gain increasing market worth from
marginally to £29,550.                                                                             their proven capabilities and track record.
                                                   ESG is increasingly important to all our        In this regard, market data does provide
This year’s Group reward guidance to the           stakeholders and we wish to introduce           a useful ‘sense-check’.
businesses focused on looking after                targets into our variable pay. Ensuring that
colleagues. The first priority was focusing on     bonus measures are rigorous, specific,          From the multiple steps of the review,
colleagues affected by inflationary pressures      stretching and go beyond the ‘day job’ is       the Committee concluded there was
arising from the macro-environment,                an essential principle of reward in Diploma.    a compelling case to increase total
including energy prices and other rising                                                           compensation potential for our Executive
costs of living. For the first time the Group’s    Work is underway to develop Delivering          Directors. The Committee believes that
governance included an independent review          Value Responsibly as part of the strategy       incorporating the increase into the PSP to
of colleagues in lower paid roles (<£40k per       and we have set some non-financial KPIs         incentivise long-term performance best
annum), and these colleagues received an           and targets (shown on page 59) but more         aligns performance delivery, strategic
average increase of 7.5%, higher than the          time is needed to assure these measures         execution and shareholder value. Therefore
overall workforce increase.                        before we can introduce them into variable      we propose to increase the maximum
                                                   pay. Accordingly, our proposed policy has       award potential for the PSP from 250% to
For senior leaders, the rationale for increasing   flexibility to introduce ESG metrics during     300% of base salary for the CEO, and from
remuneration is recognition of increasing          this policy period (at an appropriate point).   200% to 250% of base salary for the CFO
responsibilities in a growing business and                                                         alongside the increases to both our in-situ
incentivising future growth aligned to                                                             and post-cessation shareholding guidelines.
Diploma’s strategy. We remain conscious of
ensuring we can retain top talent in highly
competitive international markets.




116   Diploma PLC Annual Report 2022
Shareholder consultation on proposed             PSP:                                              Non-Executive Directors and Committee


                                                                                                                                                  Overview
changes                                          Arising from the compelling case to increase      evaluation
Our 2021 DRR was supported with 93% of           total compensation for the CEO, the               John Nicholas retired as Chair of the Board
votes in favour. During 2022, we consulted       Committee plans to implement the new              in January 2022 and was succeeded by
extensively on our policy and DRR 2022           PSP maximum this year for the CEO, subject        David Lowden. David joined the Board as
implementation and engaged with 21 of our        to shareholder approval of the policy.            Non-Executive Director and Chair designate
largest shareholders, representing around        Johnny Thomson will receive a PSP award           on 19 October 2021. Non-Executive Director
65% of our register, as well as the key proxy    of 300% of base salary (PSP 2022). Chris          fees were reviewed using equivalent inputs
agencies. The quality of the interactions        Davies will receive a PSP award of 200%           and increases are shown on page 133.
was excellent, and we appreciate the             of base salary (PSP 2022) (which will be
engagement and valuable feedback. There          pro-rated based on him working eleven             The Committee’s performance was
was a range of views and preferences             months of the year).                              assessed as part of the annual Board
expressed, but we were pleased that the                                                            evaluation. I am pleased to report that




                                                                                                                                                  Strategic Report
overall weight of opinion was strongly           A number of shareholders have expressed           the Committee is regarded as operating
supportive.                                      a preference for EPS over TSR (provided the       effectively and that the Board takes
                                                 ROATCE underpin remains), and in our              reassurance from the quality of the
Remuneration for 2023 – implementation           consultation we discussed increasing the          Committee’s work.
Fixed pay:                                       weighting of three-year CAGR adjusted EPS
As disclosed previously, Johnny Thomson’s        growth to 75% of the total award (from            Conclusion
cash allowance in lieu of pension                50%), with 25% (previously 50%) remaining         In closing I would once again like to thank
contribution will reduce to 4% of basic pay      on TSR relative to the FTSE 250 (excluding        shareholders for their engagement over this
from 1 January 2023 to align with the            financial services and investment trusts).        last year. We will maintain a close dialogue
majority of the UK workforce.                    As the majority of shareholders were              as we seek to deliver a competitive,
                                                 supportive, we intend to progress with this       motivating pay framework that is tightly




                                                                                                                                                  Corporate Governance
The Committee considered Johnny                  change for PSP (2022). We will retain the         aligned to shareholder experience whilst
Thomson’s salary as part of the review. The      ROATCE underpin, recognising this is              maintaining good governance standards.
Committee is aware that high inflation is        critically important to shareholders.             I trust you find this report useful and look
not a solid rationale for increasing executive                                                     forward to receiving your support at the
pay. The Committee considered the                During consultation shareholders asked            AGM on 18 January 2023.
increased size and complexity of the Group       that we ensure targets are appropriately
(doubled in size as shown in the diagram         stretching given the greater quantum of           Andy Smith
on page 120), and Johnny’s value as a            reward proposed. The Committee                    Chair of the Remuneration Committee
high-performing CEO, and concluded that          recognises that increased quantum of              21 November 2022
a base pay increase was required as part         reward should be accompanied by
of increasing his total compensation             appropriately high levels of performance




                                                                                                                                                  Financial Statements
opportunity. Shareholders asked us to            delivery. In setting targets, we seek to ensure
review the increase in the context of            that the focus on organic growth is strong,
intended wider workforce pay increases, the      the quality of acquisitions remains high and
macro-economic environment, inflationary         that the right risk appetite is maintained. In
pressures faced by our colleagues and the        response to feedback, we intend to increase
overall quantum of CEO reward.                   EPS growth required for maximum payout
                                                 under the PSP from 12% to 13% for the
Having taken these views on board we             award in 2022. The minimum threshold will
agreed an increase to his pay of 6%, which       remain at 5%. This provides the right degree
remains below the increase awarded to our        of stretch ambition for Diploma at this time
wider workforce at 7%. We believe this           considering the organic growth
provides the right balance within the            opportunities, the acquisition pipeline and




                                                                                                                                                  Other Information
Company and will deliver a competitive           the prevalent market conditions. The Board
CEO package.                                     will maintain oversight of ROATCE. We will
                                                 continue to review the level of stretch
Annual bonus:                                    annually for each PSP grant cycle.
The 2023 annual performance bonus will
follow the same measures as 2022, namely
50% adjusted operating profit, 25% revenue,
25% free cash flow. Targets will be based
on the Board approved budget. Maximum
bonus for the CEO and CFO will remain
unchanged at 125% of base salary.




117   Diploma PLC Annual Report 2022
REMUNER ATI ON AT A GL ANCE:
DIPLOMA’S APPROACH TO REMUNER ATION




Set out below is an illustration of how
remuneration aligns to strategy and how it
cascades in our decentralised business model
Our Purpose: Diploma’s purpose is to consistently deliver value and reward our stakeholders by
making a positive difference to our colleagues, our customers and suppliers and our communities.
Diploma’s Strategy: build high-quality, scalable businesses for organic growth

Strategic pillar                    Short term incentive:          Long term incentive:              Remuneration
                                    Annual Bonus                   Performance Share Plan            Principles



                                    Operating profit:              EPS (ROATCE underpin):             – Remuneration aligned to
                                                                                                        business strategy and promoting
 1:                                 50%                            75%                                  the long-term success of the
 G ROW T H                                                                                              Company.
                                    Revenue:                       Relative TSR:                      – Supporting creation of
                                    25%                            25%                                  long-term shareholder value.
                                                                                                      – Providing an appropriate balance
                                                                                                        between remuneration elements
                                    Free cash:                                                          which are transparent, stretching
 2:
 S C A LI N G                       25%                                                                 and rigorously applied.
                                                                                                      – Providing a balance between
                                                                                                        immediate and deferred
                                                                                                        remuneration and encouraging
                                                                                                        a high performance culture.
 3:                                 Non-financial KPIs and targets in place, flexibility to
 D ELI V ER I N G VA LU E           introduce DVR (ESG) metrics into remuneration included
 R E S P O N S I B LY               in the Policy




      C A S C A D E O F R EM U N ER AT I O N I N O U R D ECEN T R A LI S ED B US I N E S S:

                                      – Remuneration Policy: updated Policy presented to shareholders for voting at AGM in January 2023;
                                        implementation reviewed annually.
             E X ECU T I V E          – Emphasis on pay for performance and alignment with shareholders on sustainable long–term
             D I R EC TO R S            performance: Group Annual Bonus and PSP measured on a balanced set of defined financial
                                        measures linked to strategy.

                                      – Set locally by referring to Group framework which aligns metrics, targets and quantum for
                                        different types of role. Group governance (including pay equity).
                                      – Reviewed annually.
                                      – Emphasis on pay for performance. Aligned variable pay, using a blend of Group and local
             LE A D ER S H I P          performance targets.
                 RO LE S              – Wider participation in Group PSP.

                                      – Set locally, Group/Sector governance.
                                      – Reviewed annually.
                                      – Fair and competitive in local market.
            WO R KFO RCE              – Linked to colleague value proposition.




118     Diploma PLC Annual Report 2022
Business Performance 2022 Annual Report of Remuneration
Strategic execution                              Performance                                   Reward                                       Overview

Growth
Revenue diversification: revenue initiatives
                                                 Adjusted operating profit
                                                                                               Maximum bonus
                                                 +29%
delivering strong growth in structurally
growing end markets, further penetrating
                                                                                               payable
core developed economies and extending           Revenue
product ranges.                                  +15%
                                                                                               Maximum vesting


                                                                                                                                            Strategic Report
M&A to accelerate organic growth,
£187m invested in seven strategically
                                                 Free cash flow
                                                                                               on PSP
important acquisitions.                          +11%
Disciplined portfolio development: disposals     Adjusted EPS
of Kentek and a1-envirosciences.
                                                 19%
                                                 (3-year CAGR)
Scaling
A year of exciting progress. Building the
                                                 ROATCE:
infrastructure for scale, developing target
operating model; evolving the structures,        17.3%
capability and culture of the Group for scale.




                                                                                                                                            Corporate Governance
                                                 Relative TSR:
                                                 percentile rank
                                                 91%
                                                 (3-year performance)

DVR
Excellent progress and accelerated
                                                 Engagement index
                                                                                               Flexibility to introduce
                                                 79%
momentum as businesses embed DVR in
commercial strategies and operations.            (2021: 79%)                                   DVR metrics
                                                                                               in remuneration



                                                                                                                                            Financial Statements
A year of more consistent and robust             Scope 1 & 2 emissions
reporting.                                       10,615 tonnes CO2 e                           included in Policy.
                                                 (baseline year)
Targets set for the first time.
                                                 Waste to landfill
                                                 60%
                                                 (first year of measurement)



2022 Broader Reward Priorities


                                                                                                                                            Other Information
Goal                                                                     Action
Support lower paid colleagues most                                       Wage increase for colleagues paid less than £40k of 7.5%,
affected by the cost of living crisis                                    which is higher than the overall workforce increase.

Retain talent in the competitive                                         Wage increase for the workforce of 7% (2021: 4%).
talent market                                                            Review of variable pay structures and quantum.

Incentivise brilliant leaders on long-term success                       PSP participation increased to ca. 50 participants (2021: ca. 35
                                                                         participants, 2020: ca. 15 participants).
                                                                         To keep pace with the growing Group variable pay structures
                                                                         and quantum reviewed, high pay for high performance.


119    Diploma PLC Annual Report 2022
R EM U N ER ATI O N P O LI C Y




2022 Remuneration Policy Review – process
Changes to Remuneration Policy and its implementation
This section sets out the Directors’ Remuneration Policy (the Policy) proposed for approval by shareholders at the Company’s AGM on
18 January 2023. The Company’s current Remuneration Policy (the Policy) was approved by shareholders at the 15 January 2020 AGM
and the updated policy, subject to shareholder approval is intended to remain in effect for three years from the AGM.

1. Excellent performance and increased scale and complexity                                                                            2. Wider stakeholder context
    of the Group: moved from FTSE ca. 185 to FTSE ca. 111                                                                                  considered during Policy review:
   Adjusted earnings per share                                                                                                          – Ambitious growth plans.
                                                                                                                                        – Attracting, retaining and incentivising
    12            13           14            15      16             17          18          19          20         21          22
                                                                                                                                          management.
                                                                                                                                        – Increased market worth of
                                                                                                         FY19-22 EPS                      management given performance
                                                                                                        CAGR 19%                          track record.
                                                                                                                                        – Workforce remuneration experience
                                                                                                                                          and views.
                                                                                                                                        – Focus on supporting wider workforce
                                                                                                                                107.5
                                                                                                                                          during macro environment affecting
                                                                                                                                          workforce-inflation, energy.
                                                                                                                        85.2            – Increasing importance of ESG
                                           FY12-18 EPS
                                                                                                                                          performance.
                                                                                                                                        – Broader indicators of culture e.g.
                                                                                                 64.3
                                                                                                                                          colleague engagement (Engagement
                                                                                     56.4                56.4
                                                                         49.8
                                                                                                                                          index 79%).
                                                          41.9                                                                          – Market developments in governance
                                    36.1      38.2                                                                                        practices, ensuring our governance
         33.1          34.8
                                                                                                                                          aligns with needs of stakeholders.



   The Group has doubled whilst improving operating margin                                                                              3. Market insight:
                                                                                                                                           used to ‘sense check’:
           FY19 revenue:                                                                                     FY22 revenue:
             £544.7m                                                                                           £1,012.8m                a) Information on UK pay levels for
                                                                                                                                            companies of similar size FTSE 150-100
                                                                                                                                            (Diploma: FTSE 111, 30 September 2022).
                                                                                                             19%
                                                                                                                                        b) There are few direct peers for Diploma.
          27%                                                                                                                               Hence we use a range of companies
                              33%
                                                                 Revenue growth                                                 48%         in similar markets or with similar
                                                                   FY19-22                                                                  value-add business models to provide
                                                                                                         33%                                a comparison (RS Group plc, Bunzl plc,
                40%                                                                                                                         Inchcape plc, Spirax-Sarco Engineering
                                                                                                                                            plc, Rentokil Initial plc, Howden Joinery
         Controls              Seals          Life Sciences                                                                                 Group Plc, Spectris plc, Halma plc, DS
                                                                                                                                            Smith plc, Travis Perkins plc, Johnson
                             FY19                                                             FY22                                          Matthey plc). Some within this list
                Adjusted Operating Proﬁt £97.2m                                 Adjusted Operating Proﬁt £191.2m                            are larger than Diploma but provide
                   (operating margin 17.8%)                                         (operating margin 18.9%)                                useful insight.
                                                                                                                                        c) Variable pay targets for FTSE 250.



4. Shareholder consultation on proposed changes:
– Extensive, direct shareholder consultation with ca. 65% of the register.
– Consultation with key proxy voting agencies.
– Conversations with shareholders shaped policy proposals including considerations of quantum and stretch in performance targets.




120 Diploma PLC Annual Report 2022
2022 Remuneration Policy proposals and rationale
Pension alignment with wider workforce                        Pension contribution for CEO reduced to 4% of base pay from 10% of base pay from                                      Overview
                                                              January 2023.
                                                              CFO pension value already aligned to wider workforce rate of 4% of base pay.

Improving the competitiveness of Executive                    We recognise the need to retain and motivate our team over the next period of exceptional
Directors’ compensation opportunity,                          Company growth. The renewed Policy and its implementation for 2022 will align pay to
reflecting growing business and criticality                   performance and investor expectations, as follows:
of leadership
                                                              – No change to annual bonus Policy maximum.




                                                                                                                                                                                    Strategic Report
                                                              – Increase to PSP maximum from 250% of salary to 300% of salary for CEO and from
                                                                200% to 250% for the CFO.

                                                              – For 2022, the CEO’s PSP award will be aligned to the new Policy maximum at 300% of
                                                                base pay. The newly appointed CFO’s PSP award will be 200% of base pay (prorated).

Shareholder alignment                                         Increased shareholding guideline (MSR) to align with new PSP policy maxima –
                                                              300% of salary for CEO and 250% of salary for CFO.

                                                              Extension of post employment shareholding requirement to now require 50% of




                                                                                                                                                                                    Corporate Governance
                                                              MSR to be held for two years after termination date.

Introduction of ESG                                           Flexibility to include ESG metrics during next policy period.




Proposed implementation of policy in FY23




                                                                                                                                                                                    Financial Statements
                              Fixed                          Annual                         Long-term                      Shareholding                   Post-cessation
                              remuneration                   bonus                          incentives                     guideline                      guideline
Johnny Thomson                Base pay: £754,000             Max: 125% base pay             Max: 300% base pay             Holding requirement: Holding requirement:
(CEO)                         Benefits fund                  Target: 62.5% base             PSP (2022): 300%               300% base pay        50% of MSR for 2
                              Pension: £41,085               pay                            base pay                                            years after the
                              (equivalent to 4%                                             Performance period:                                 termination date
                              of base pay from                                              three years
                              1 Jan 23)                                                     Holding period: five
                                                                                            years from grant




                                                                                                                                                                                    Other Information
Chris Davies1                 Base pay: £450,000             Max: 125% base pay             Max: 200% base pay             Holding requirement: Holding requirement:
(CFO)                         Benefits fund                  Target: 62.5% base             PSP (2022): 200%               250% base pay        50% of the MSR for
                              Pension: £18,000               pay                            base pay                                            2 years after the
                              (equivalent to 4%                                             Performance period:                                 termination date
                              of base pay)                                                  three years
                                                                                            Holding period: five
                                                                                            years from grant
Change from                   CEO base pay 6%      No change                                Policy maximum                 Shareholding                   Increased post-
2021                          increase;                                                     increased for CEO &            guideline increased in         cessation guideline
                              CEO pension reduced;                                          CFO                            line with new PSP              from 12 months to
                              New CFO appointed                                             PSP award increased            maxima                         2 years
                                                                                            for CEO
                                                                                            New CFO appointed

1	Chris Davies was appointed from 1 November 2022. Remuneration amounts in the table above are annualised. When implemented, all his fixed and variable pay is prorated in FY23.


121    Diploma PLC Annual Report 2022
REMUNER ATION POLICY



Remuneration Policy
The Committee reserves the right to approve payments on terms that differ from the Policy where the terms of the payment were agreed
before the Policy came into effect or were agreed at a time when the relevant individual was not a Director of the Company.

The Committee may also make minor amendments to the arrangements for Directors described in the Policy without shareholder approval
for regulatory, tax or administrative purposes or to take account of a change in legislation.

Executive Directors
Component             Purpose and link to strategy   Operation                           Maximum opportunity           Performance metrics
Base salary           To attract and retain          Salaries are reviewed annually,     There is no maximum           Salary levels and increases
                      people of the calibre          with changes normally               limit set. Salaries will be   are determined based on
                      and experience needed          effective from 1 October.           market competitive to         a number of factors,
                      to develop and execute                                             retain skilled executive      including individual and
                      the Company’s strategy.                                            talent and attract new        business performance,
                                                                                         talent as required.           level of experience, scope
                                                                                                                       of responsibility, salary
                                                                                         Salary increases will         increases both for UK
                                                                                         generally be no higher        employees and for senior
                                                                                         than those awarded            management more
                                                                                         to other employees,           generally and the
                                                                                         although the                  competitiveness of total
                                                                                         Committee retains             remuneration against
                                                                                         discretion to award           companies of a similar size
                                                                                         larger increases if it        and complexity.
                                                                                         considers it appropriate.
Pensions              Designed to be fair.           Pension contributions can           Maximum pension               No performance metric.
                                                     either be paid directly into        contributions will be no
                                                     a pension savings scheme            higher than the rate
                                                     or taken as a separate cash         offered to the majority
                                                     allowance.                          of our UK workforce for
                                                                                         UK-based Executive
                                                                                         Directors.

                                                                                         Maximum pension
                                                                                         contributions for non
                                                                                         UK-based Executive
                                                                                         Directors will be aligned
                                                                                         with employees in the
                                                                                         relevant local market.
Benefits              To provide a competitive       Includes various cash/non-cash      No maximum limit is           No performance metric.
                      package of benefits.           benefits such as: payment in        prescribed, but the
                                                     lieu of a company car, life         Committee monitors
                                                     assurance, income protection,       annually the overall cost
                                                     annual leave, medical               of the benefit provision.
                                                     insurance. The Committee
                                                     may offer any additional
                                                     benefits it considers appropriate
                                                     in line with the interests of the
                                                     Company and local market
                                                     practice. Any renewable
                                                     business related expenses
                                                     (including tax thereon) can be
                                                     reimbursed if determined to be
                                                     a taxable benefit.




122 Diploma PLC Annual Report 2022
Component          Purpose and link to strategy   Operation                            Maximum opportunity          Performance metrics
Annual             To incentivise and             Provides an opportunity for          Maximum of 125% of           Performance metrics are
Performance        reward Executive               additional reward based on           base salary for the          selected annually based
Bonus Plan         Directors on the               annual performance against           Executive Directors.         on the current business
                   achievement of the             targets set and assessed by                                       objectives. The majority of
                   annual budget and              the Committee.                       Performance below            the bonus will be linked to
                   other business priorities                                           threshold results in zero    financial performance.
                   for the financial year.        Where shareholding guidelines        payment. Achievement

                                                                                                                                                  Overview
                                                  have not been met, half of any       of threshold                 Personal or strategic
                                                  annual bonus awarded (net of         performance results in       objectives, if used, will
                                                  tax) will be used to purchase        payment of 5% of base        account for no more than
                                                  shares on behalf of the              salary. On-target bonus is   20% of the bonus.
                                                  Executive. The shares, which         50% of maximum bonus.
                                                  are beneficially owned by the
                                                  Executive, are eligible for
                                                  dividends and will only be
                                                  released once the Executive
                                                  reaches the minimum
                                                  shareholding requirement. The




                                                                                                                                                  Strategic Report
                                                  remaining bonus shall be paid
                                                  in cash following the relevant
                                                  year end.

                                                  Malus and clawback provisions
                                                  apply to bonus awards.

                                                  The Committee may amend
                                                  the formulaic outcome should
                                                  it not be a fair reflection of the
                                                  Company’s underlying




                                                                                                                                                  Corporate Governance
                                                  performance or in exceptional
                                                  circumstances.
Performance        Incentivise Executive          Performance assessed over            The maximum                  Awards will be granted
Share Plan         Directors to achieve           rolling three-year performance       opportunity as a             subject to a combination
(PSP)              superior returns and           periods.                             percentage of salary is      of financial and strategic
                   long-term value growth.                                             300% for the CEO and         measures closely aligned
                                                  Awards are discretionary and         250% for other               to the Company’s strategy
                                                  do not vest until the date on        Executive Directors.         and measured over a
                                                  which the performance is                                          period of no less than
                                                  measured. If employment              No more than 25%             three years.
                                                  ceases during a three-year           of the award will be
                                                  performance period, awards           payable at threshold         Strategic non-financial




                                                                                                                                                  Financial Statements
                                                  will normally lapse except in        performance.                 objectives, if used, will
                                                  the case of a `good leaver’.                                      account for no more than
                                                                                                                    20% of the PSP.
                                                  Executive Directors are
                                                  required to retain shares
                                                  vesting under the PSP (net of
                                                  tax) until the fifth anniversary
                                                  of grant.

                                                  Awards may include dividend
                                                  equivalents which are cash




                                                                                                                                                  Other Information
                                                  bonuses or shares in lieu of
                                                  dividends foregone on vested
                                                  shares, from the time of award
                                                  up to the time of vesting.

                                                  Malus and clawback provisions
                                                  apply.

                                                  The Committee may amend
                                                  the formulaic outcome should
                                                  it not be a fair reflection of the
                                                  Company’s underlying
                                                  performance or in exceptional
                                                  circumstances.



123 Diploma PLC Annual Report 2022
R EM U N ER ATI O N P O LI C Y
CO NTI N U ED




Chair and Non-Executive Directors
Component                            Purpose and link to strategy         Operation                             Maximum opportunity                 Performance metrics
Chair and Non-Executive              To attract and retain a              Paid quarterly in arrears             The Chair’s and Non-                No performance metric
Directors’ fees                      Chair and Independent                and reviewed each year.               Executive Directors’ fees
                                     Non-Executive Directors                                                    are determined by
                                     of the required calibre              Although Non-Executive                reference to the time
                                     and experience.                      Directors currently                   commitment and
                                                                          receive their fees in cash,           relevant benchmark
                                                                          the Company may pay                   market data.
                                                                          part or all of their fees in
                                                                          the form of shares.

                                                                          Any reasonable business
                                                                          related expenses
                                                                          (including tax thereon if
                                                                          determined to be a
                                                                          taxable benefit can be
                                                                          reimbursed).

Selection of performance measures and targets for Annual Bonus and PSP
The Annual Bonus Plan is designed to drive the annual financial and strategic objectives of the business. Performance measures are
selected aligned to the company’s strategic plan and key objectives. Targets are set by reference to internal budget. Details of the measures
selected for 2023 and the rationale behind the selection can be found in the Annual Report on Remuneration.

The PSP is designed to drive the delivery of the Company’s longer-term objectives and support the delivery of value for shareholders.
Performance measures are selected to align with these objectives and targets are set by reference to internal long-term business plans. Any
major adjustment in the calculation of performance measures will be disclosed to shareholders on vesting. Details of the measures selected
for 2023 and the rationale behind the selection can be found in the Annual Report on Remuneration.

Illustration of application of Policy
Pay-for-performance: Executive Directors’ potential value of 2023 remuneration packages

Johnny Thomson                                                                                 Chris Davies
Minimum                                                             95 5 £820,000              Minimum                                                          96 4 £487,000
Target            32 2                     19                         47 £2,422,000            Target                           38 1           23                 37 £1,218,000
Maximum      19 1      23                                             56 £4,023,000            Maximum                 24 1               29                     46 £1,950,000
Stretch2
           15 1    18                                                 66 £5,154,000            Stretch2              20 1           23                            56 £2,400,000
Fixed:           Base salary and benefits                  Pension
Variable:        Annual performance bonus                  Long-term incentive plans
1 Base salary is as at 1 October 2022; benefits are as set out on page 121.
2 Stretch is calculated on the same basis as the Maximum bar; however, it includes a share price uplift of 50% over three years for the PSP.


New CFO Remuneration package
Chris Davies was appointed as Group CFO and an Executive Director on 1 November 2022. Chris was appointed on a salary of £450,000
with maximum incentive opportunities of 125% and 200% of salary respectively for the annual bonus and PSP in line with the Company’s
remuneration policy. His pension contribution of 4% of salary is in line with the wider UK workforce. The chart above presents his potential
remuneration on a fully annualised base salary, pension, benefits, bonus and LTIP. In line with the Remuneration Policy the Company is
making additional cash and/or share-based elements when it considers these to be in the best interests of Diploma and shareholders,
to replace variable remuneration awards or arrangements that Chris Davies has foregone in order to join the Group. Payments will take
account of the details of the remuneration foregone including the nature, vesting dates and any performance requirements attached
to that remuneration and any payments will not exceed the expected value being forfeited.

On-target remuneration assumes an Annual Performance Bonus Plan of 50% of the maximum for the Executive Directors. It has been
assumed that a face value limit of 300% of base salary (CFO: 200%) applies to each PSP award. On-target vesting of PSP awards assumes
an adjusted EPS growth of 7.67% p.a. and TSR performance which is equivalent to 50% of the maximum vesting under the PSP. Maximum
remuneration assumes maximum annual performance bonus and maximum vesting of PSP awards. No dividend equivalents are assumed,
and no share price growth is assumed other than in the Stretch bar.




124 Diploma PLC Annual Report 2022
Consideration of shareholder views
The Committee will consult with its major shareholders in advance of any significant changes to the approved Policy or exercise of
discretion, as appropriate, to explain their approach and rationale fully and to understand shareholders’ views. Additionally, the Committee
considers shareholder feedback received in relation to each AGM alongside any views expressed during the year. The Committee also
reviews the executive remuneration framework in the context of published investor guidelines or appropriate regulation including the UK
Corporate Governance Code. A thorough consultation was conducted for this policy review as explained on page 120. In response for
feedback, we intend to increase EPS growth required for maximum payout under the PSP from 12% to 13% for the award in 2022. On
reflection, and incorportating feedback from shareholders, we reconsidered the CEO base pay increase in the context of wider workforce


                                                                                                                                               Overview
pay increases, the macro-economic environment, inflationary pressures faced by our colleagues and the overall quantum of CEO reward.

Differences in remuneration policy for other employees
The Group seeks to promote positive relations with colleagues. The Committee is mindful of the pay increases, incentive outcomes and
share award participation in relevant markets across the rest of the Group when considering the remuneration of the Executive Directors.

The Board as a whole takes responsibility for gathering the views of Diploma’s workforce, and does so through multiple channels of
engagement. While the Committee does not consult employees directly when setting the Executive Directors’ remuneration policy, the
senior management team engages with employees, either on a business-wide basis in the context of smaller focus groups, to solicit
feedback generally on a wide range of matters, including remuneration. Feedback is passed to the Committee via the Executive team.




                                                                                                                                               Strategic Report
The Company reviews compensation arrangements including base salaries for the wider employee population annually. In line with the
Group’s decentralised model, compensation is agreed locally, with governance and guidance provided by the Group. Salary increases for
the wider population are determined based on a number of factors, including individual and business performance, level of experience,
scope of responsibility, external competitive benchmarking, and general salary increases across the Group. The Company also seeks to
provide an appropriate range of competitive benefits (including pension) to employees in line with their local markets. Senior managers
have incentive plans aligned with the Executive Directors and there is a framework on remuneration which ensures alignment at different
levels. Bonus plans for the workforce are agreed locally with oversight from the Sector management teams.

Service contracts
The Executive Directors’ service contracts, including arrangements for early termination, are carefully considered by the Committee
and are designed to recruit, retain and motivate Directors of the calibre required to manage the Company and successfully deliver its
strategic objectives. The Committee considers that a rolling contract with a notice period of one year is appropriate for existing and




                                                                                                                                               Corporate Governance
newly appointed Directors.




                                                                                                                                               Financial Statements




                                                                                                                                               Other Information




125 Diploma PLC Annual Report 2022
R EM U N ER ATI O N P O LI C Y
CO NTI N U ED




The Executive Directors’ service contracts, copies of which are held                 The Committee reserves the right to make additional exit
at the Company’s registered office, together with any service                        payments where such payments are made in good faith in
contract for new appointments, contain provisions for compensation                   discharge of an existing legal obligation (or by way of damages
in the event of early termination or change of control, equal to the                 for breach of such an obligation) or by way of settlement or
value of salary, pension and contractual benefits for the Director’s                 compromise of any claim arising in connection with the
notice period. The Company may make a payment in lieu of notice                      termination of a Director’s office or employment.
in the event of early termination and the Company may make any
such payment in instalments with the Director being obliged in                       Change of control
appropriate circumstances to mitigate loss (for example by gaining                   Change of control provisions provide for compensation equal
new employment). The Committee considers that these provisions                       to the value of salary, pension and contractual benefits for the
assist with recruitment and retention and that their inclusion is                    notice period. In the event of a change in control, vesting of
therefore in the best interests of shareholders.                                     an award of shares under the Company’s PSP depends on the
                                                                                     extent to which performance conditions had been met at that
Details of the service contracts of the Executive Directors who                      time. Time prorating may be disapplied if the Committee
served during the year are set out below:                                            considers it appropriate, given the circumstances of the change
                                                                   Compensation      of control.
                                                                    payable upon
                      Contract        Unexpired           Notice            early
                         date             term            period     termination     Malus and clawback
Johnny            15 Jan 2019           Rolling           1 year            1 year   Malus provisions apply to all awards made under the Company’s
Thomson                                                                              long-term incentive and annual bonus plans which give the
Barbara           5 Feb 2020            Rolling           1 year            1 year   Committee the right to cancel or reduce unvested share awards
Gibbes1                                                                              (or in the case of the Annual Performance Bonus Plan, cash
                                                                                     payments) in the event of material misstatement of the
1 Barbara Gibbes stepped down from the Board as CFO and left the Group on            Company’s financial results, significant reputational damage
  30 September 2022.                                                                 to the Company, miscalculation of a participant’s entitlement,
                                                                                     individual gross misconduct or of corporate failure (resulting in
Payment for loss of office                                                           a liquidation or the appointment of administrators).
The Committee has considered the Company’s policy on
remuneration for Executive Directors leaving the Company and is                      The clawback arrangements permit the Committee to recover
committed to applying a consistent approach to ensure that the                       amounts paid to Executive Directors in specified circumstances
Company pays no more than is fair and reasonable in the                              and further safeguard shareholders’ interests.
circumstances.
                                                                                     Remuneration for new appointments
The loss of office payment policy is in line with market practice and                The Committee has determined that new Executive Directors
will depend on whether the departing Executive Director is, or is                    will receive a compensation package in accordance with the
deemed to be treated as, a `good leaver’ or a `bad leaver’. In the                   terms of the Group’s approved Policy in force at the time of
case of a `good leaver’ the Policy includes:                                         appointment.

– Notice period of 12 months’ base salary, pension and contractual                   The Committee has agreed the following principles that will
  benefits or payment in lieu of notice.                                             apply when arranging a remuneration package to recruit new
– Bonus payable for the period worked, subject to achievement                        Executive Directors:
  of the relevant performance conditions. Different performance
  measures (to the other Executive Directors) may be set for a                       – The remuneration structure will be kept simple where
  departing Director as appropriate, to reflect any change in                          practicable.
  responsibility.                                                                    – The emphasis on linking pay with performance shall continue,
– Vesting of award shares under the Company’s long-term                                with variable pay representing a significant component of the
  incentive plan is not automatic and the Committee would retain                       Executive Directors’ total remuneration package.
  discretion to allow partial vesting depending on the extent to                     – Initial base salary will take into account the experience and
  which performance conditions had been met and the length                             calibre of the individual and their existing remuneration
  of time the awards have been held. Time prorating may be                             package. Where it is appropriate to offer a lower salary
  disapplied if the Committee considers it appropriate, given the                      initially, a series of increases to the desired salary positioning
  circumstances. Performance will normally be measured to the                          may be given over subsequent years subject to individual
  end of the normal performance period and, to the extent                              performance.
  applicable, vest on the normal vesting date, save in exceptional                   – The structure of variable pay will be in accordance with
  circumstances when the Committee may determine that early                            Diploma’s approved Policy detailed above with a maximum
  vesting should still apply.                                                          aggregate variable pay opportunity of 425% of salary for the
– The Committee will provide for the leaver to be reimbursed for                       CEO and 375% for other Executive Directors. Different
  a reasonable level of legal fees in connection with a settlement                     performance measures may be set in the first year for the
  agreement and outplacement services, where appropriate.                              annual bonus, taking account of the responsibilities of the
                                                                                       individual and the point in the financial year that the executive
When calculating termination payments, the Committee will take                         joined the Company.
into account a variety of factors, including individual and Company                  – Benefits will generally be provided in accordance with the
performance, the obligation for the Executive Director in                              approved Policy, with relocation expenses/an expatriate
appropriate circumstances to mitigate loss (for example, by gaining                    allowance paid, if appropriate.
new employment) and the Executive Director’s length of service.                      – In the case of an external recruitment, the Committee may
                                                                                       also offer additional cash and/or share-based elements when
                                                                                       it considers these to be in the best interests of Diploma and
                                                                                       shareholders, to replace variable remuneration awards or


126 Diploma PLC Annual Report 2022
  arrangements that an individual has foregone in order to join the     Employee and post-employment shareholding requirements
  Group. This includes the use of awards made under section 9.4.2       The Committee has adopted shareholding requirements for
  of the UK Listing Rules. Any such payments would take account         Executive Directors, to encourage substantial long-term share
  of the details of the remuneration foregone including the nature,     ownership. These specify that, over a period of five years from the
  vesting dates and any performance requirements attached to            date of appointment, each Executive Director should build up and
  that remuneration and any payments would not exceed the               then retain a holding of shares with a value equivalent to 300% of
  expected value being forfeited.                                       base salary in the case of the CEO, and for other Executive Directors,
– In the case of an internal appointment, any outstanding variable      to 250% of base salary (the MSR).


                                                                                                                                                 Overview
  pay awarded in relation to the previous role will be allowed to pay
  out according to the terms of grant.                                  Vested PSP awards and deferred annual bonus payments which are
– For all new Executive Director appointments, the mandated             issued as shares must be retained until the required shareholding
  shareholding requirement, deferral of annual performance bonus        (net of tax) level is reached.
  and the Holding Period for PSP awards will apply in accordance
  with the Policy and the relevant Plan rules.                          As explained in the long-term incentive award section on page 123,
– Fees for a new Chair or Non-Executive Director will be set in line    Executive Directors are required to hold shares vesting under the PSP
  with the approved Policy.                                             (net of tax) until the fifth anniversary of the grant (the Holding
                                                                        Period). The Holding Period continues to apply to post-cessation of
Committee discretion                                                    employment except where cessation is by reason of death, if there is
The Committee operates the Annual Performance Bonus Plan and            a change of control, or the Committee exercises its discretion.




                                                                                                                                                 Strategic Report
the Performance Share Plan (the Plans) in accordance with the
relevant Plan rules and, where appropriate, the Listing Rules and       In addition, a revised post-cessation shareholding requirement will
HMRC legislation.                                                       apply being 50% of the MSR for two years after the termination
                                                                        date (or if less than the MSR, the value of shares held at the
The Committee will exercise its powers in accordance with the terms     cessation date). Post-cessation holding continues to apply to shares
of the relevant Plan rules.                                             granted under the PSP since the approval of the 2020 Policy.

The Committee retains discretion over a number of areas relating to     Chair and Non-Executive Directors
the operation and administration of the Plans. These include, but       Recruitment and term
are not limited to:                                                     The Board aims to recruit Non‑Executive Directors of a high calibre,
                                                                        with broad and diverse commercial, international, sectoral or other
– selecting the Executive Director participants and wider employee      relevant experience. Non‑Executive Directors are appointed by the




                                                                                                                                                 Corporate Governance
  participation parameters for the annual bonus and PSP awards;         Board on the recommendation of the Nomination Committee.
– timing of awards and grants of setting performance criteria each      Appointments of the non‑Executive Directors are for an initial term
  year;                                                                 of three years, subject to election by shareholders at the first AGM
– determining the quantum of grants and/or payments (within the         following their appointment and subject to annual re‑election
  limits set out in the Policy Table);                                  thereafter. The terms of engagement are set out in letters of
– adjusting the constituents of the TSR comparator group;               appointment which can be terminated by either party serving three
– determining the extent of vesting based on the assessment of          months’ notice.
  performance;
– overriding formulaic outcomes and amending payouts under the          Fees
  Annual Bonus Plan and for PSP should it determine that either it is   The Non-Executive Directors are paid a competitive basic annual
  not a fair reflection of the underlying performance of the business   fee which is approved by the Board on the recommendation of the




                                                                                                                                                 Financial Statements
  or in exceptional circumstances;                                      Chair and the Executive Directors. The Chair’s fee is approved by the
– applying or disapplying time prorating;                               Committee, excluding the Chair. Additional fees may also be
– dealing with leavers;                                                 payable for chairing a Committee of the Board, for acting as Senior
– discretion to waive or shorten the holding period for shares          Independent Director, or in respect of any other material additional
  acquired under the PSP;                                               responsibilities taken up. Fees are reviewed each year and take
– discretion to retrospectively amend performance targets in            account of the fees paid in other companies of a similar size and
  exceptional circumstances, including making the appropriate           complexity, the responsibilities of the role and the required time
  adjustments required in certain circumstances (e.g. rights issues,    commitment.
  corporate restructuring events, variation of capital and special
  dividends); and                                                       If there is a temporary yet material increase in the time
– in respect of share awards, to adjust the number of shares subject    commitments for Non-Executive Directors, the Board may pay




                                                                                                                                                 Other Information
  to an award in the event of a variation in the share capital of the   extra fees on a pro rata basis to recognise the additional workload.
  Company.
                                                                        The Non-Executive Directors are not eligible to participate in any of
Policy in respect of external board appointments for                    the Company’s share plans, incentive plans or pension schemes and
Executive Directors                                                     there is no provision for payment in the event of early termination.
The Committee recognises that external Non-Executive
Directorships may be beneficial for both the Company and
Executive Director. At the discretion of the Board, Executive
Directors are permitted to retain fees received in respect of any
such Non-Executive Directorship.




127 Diploma PLC Annual Report 2022
R EM U N ER ATI O N P O LI C Y
CO NTI N U ED




Provision 40 table
The following table summarises how the Remuneration Policy fulfils the factors set out in Provision 40 of the 2018 UK Corporate Governance
Code.

Clarity                                                               The Committee is committed to providing open and transparent
Remuneration arrangements should be transparent and promote           disclosures to shareholders, the workforce and other stakeholders
effective engagement with shareholders and the workforce.             with regard to executive remuneration arrangements.

Example: the structure of the Annual Performance Bonus Plan is        The Committee determines the Remuneration Policy and agrees
completely based on financial metrics which align with published      the remuneration of each Executive Director as well as the
accounts.                                                             remuneration framework for other senior managers. The
                                                                      Company provides open and transparent disclosures of our
                                                                      Executive Directors’ remuneration arrangements including
                                                                      undertaking engagement with key shareholders when considering
                                                                      changes to Remuneration Policy.
Simplicity                                                            Our remuneration arrangements for Executive Directors, as well as
Remuneration structures should avoid complexity and their             those throughout the organisation, are simple in nature and well
rationale and operation should be easy to understand.                 understood by participants.

Example: variable pay for Executive Directors is a simple Annual      The structure for Executive Directors consists of fixed pay (salary,
Bonus Plan and a Performance Share Plan.                              benefits, pension) and variable pay (annual bonus plan and a
                                                                      long-term incentive plan, the PSP).
Risk                                                                  Targets are reviewed to ensure they do not encourage excessive
Remuneration arrangements should ensure reputational and other        risk taking.
risks from excessive rewards, and behavioural risks that can arise
from target-based incentive plans, are identified and mitigated.      Malus and clawback provisions also apply to both the annual
                                                                      bonus and long-term incentive plans.
Example: the ROATCE underpin in the PSP reduces risk of low
quality earnings.                                                     Members of the Committee are provided with regular briefings
                                                                      on developments and trends in executive remuneration.
Predictability                                                        The potential value and composition of the Executive Directors’
The range of possible values of rewards to individual Directors and   remuneration packages at below threshold, target and maximum
any other limits or discretions should be identified and explained    scenarios are provided in the relevant policy.
at the time of approving the Policy.

Example: variable pay maximums are set out in the Policy.
Proportionality                                                       Annual bonus payments and PSP awards require robust
The link between individual awards, the delivery of strategy and      performance against challenging conditions that are aligned to
the long-term performance of the Company should be clear.             the Company’s strategy.
Outcomes should not reward poor performance.
                                                                      The Committee has discretion to override formulaic results to
Example: 95% of budget must be achieved to trigger payment            ensure that they are appropriate and reflective of overall
of Annual Performance Bonus; 95% of budget only results in 5%         performance.
payment.
Alignment to culture                                                  The variable incentive schemes and performance measures
Incentive schemes should drive behaviours consistent with             are designed to be consistent with the Group’s purpose, values
company purpose, values and strategy.                                 and strategy.

Example: one of the Diploma values is continuous improvement;
continuous improvement is required each year to reach
remuneration targets.




128 Diploma PLC Annual Report 2022
ANNUAL REPORT ON REMUNER ATION



The following section of this Report provides details of the implementation of the Remuneration Policy for the Executive Directors for the
year ended 30 September 2022. All of the information set out in this section of the Report has been audited, unless indicated otherwise.

Executive Directors (audited)
Total remuneration in 2022 and 2021
                                                                                Johnny Thomson                          Barbara Gibbes1
                                                                            2022                 2021               2022                 2021               2022               2021



                                                                                                                                                                                      Overview
                                                                            £000                £000                £000                £000                £000              £000
Salary                                                                       711                690                 365                 340              1,076              1,030
Taxable benefits2                                                             25                 25                  19                  19                 44                  44
Pension                                                                       71                 86                  15                  14                 86                100
Total fixed                                                                 807                 801                 399                 373              1,206               1,174
Annual performance bonus                                                    889                 863                 456                 425              1,345              1,288
Long-term incentive plans – dividend equivalent
(cash)                                                                        75                 88                   17                    –                 92               88
Long-term incentive plans – performance
element                                                                   1,725               1,675                 340                     –            2,065              1,675




                                                                                                                                                                                      Strategic Report
Long-term incentive plans – share appreciation
element                                                                    262                 1,815                110                   –                372              1,815
Long-term share-based remuneration3                                      2,062                3,578                 467                   –              2,529             3,578
Total variable                                                           2,951                4,441                 923                 425              3,874             4,866
Single total figure                                                      3,758                5,242               1,322                 798              5,080             6,040
1 Barbara Gibbes stepped down as CFO and an Executive Director on 30 September 2022.
2 Taxable benefits comprises cash allowance in lieu of a car, private medical, life assurance and income protection.
3 Dividend equivalents are included in long-term share based remuneration and total variable pay. 2021 has been re-presented to also include dividend equivalents.


Departure of Barbara Gibbes and appointment of Chris Davies (audited)




                                                                                                                                                                                      Corporate Governance
As announced on 10 August 2022, Barbara Gibbes stepped down from her role as Group CFO and left the Company on 30 September 2022.
Remuneration terms on leaving were in line with the approved Remuneration policy. Barbara will receive a payment in lieu of notice (PILON)
from the Company equivalent to base salary, pension allowance and benefits only, paid in ten monthly instalments covering the period
from 1 October 2022 to 9 August 2023 and reflecting her contractual notice. The maximum PILON is £341,357 and will be subject to
deductions for tax and National Insurance contributions in the usual way and also subject to deduction for any mitigation, including if she
secures alternative employment.

Barbara was treated as a good leaver and her outstanding long-term incentive awards (PSP (2020), PSP (2021)) will vest subject to the
applicable performance criteria being met for the three-year period to 30 September 2023 and 30 September 2024 respectively. These
awards have been prorated for time served to 30 September 2022 (two of the three years for the PSP (2020) and one of the three years for
PSP (2021)). Further detail on her outstanding long-term incentives awards is included in this report on page 133.




                                                                                                                                                                                      Financial Statements
Barbara will receive a contribution of up to £25,000 (excluding VAT) for outplacement counselling and up to £3,000 (excluding VAT) towards
legal fees.

Chris Davies was appointed as Group CFO and an Executive Director on 1 November 2022. Details of his remuneration are included on page 124.

Executive Directors’ base salary (unaudited)
On 16 November 2022, the Committee approved a 6% increase in base salary for the CEO. Explanations of how the Committee has
considered remuneration in the workforce are in the Chair’s letter on page 116.
                                                                                                                                Salary from          Salary from
                                                                                                                                  1 October            1 October




                                                                                                                                                                                      Other Information
                                                                                                                                       2022                  2021
                                                                                                                                       £000                 £000 Increase in salary
Johnny Thomson                                                                                                                          754                  711            6.0%
Barbara Gibbes1                                                                                                                           –                 365               n/a
Chris Davies (appointed 1 November 2022)2                                                                                               450                    –              n/a
1 Barbara Gibbes stepped down from her role as Group CFO and left the Company on 30 September 2022.
2 Chris Davies was appointed Group CFO on 1 November 2022. His annualised salary is £450,000.




129 Diploma PLC Annual Report 2022
A N N UA L R EP O RT O N R EM U N ER ATI O N
CO NTI N U ED




Pension (audited)
The Executive Directors receive pension contributions from the Company. During 2022 and 2021, both Executive Directors took this as a cash
allowance. None of the Executive Directors have a right to a Company Defined Benefit pension plan. Johnny Thomson lowered his cash in
lieu of pension from 12.5% of base salary to 10% of base salary from 1 October 2021 and from 1 January 2023, his pension contributions will
be reduced further to 4% of base salary, in line with the majority of the UK workforce.
                                                                                                                                    2022                               2021
                                                                                                        Contribution            Pension        Contribution         Pension
                                                                                                           rate % of        paid as cash          rate % of     paid as cash
                                                                                                         base salary                £000        base salary             £000
Johnny Thomson                                                                                                     10                 71              12.5              86
Barbara Gibbes                                                                                                      4                 15                 4              14

Annual performance bonus (audited)
Bonus pay out for year ended 30 September 2022
The Board approves a stretching budget each year. For each performance measure, threshold is minus 5% on budget, target is budget and
maximum is plus 5% on budget. Based on the performance of the Group, the Executive Directors will receive 100% of their maximum bonus
for the year ended 30 September 2022. The following table summarises the performance assessment by the Committee in respect of 2022
with regard to the Group financial objectives and the bonus awarded to each of the Executive Directors:
Performance measure                                                             Targets for 20221                               Overall assessment against targets
Adjusted operating profit                                                       Minimum: £154.7m                                Adjusted operating profit for FY22 was
(calculated on a constant currency basis)                                       On-target:£162.4m                               £179.6m at FY21 exchange rates. The
                                                                                Maximum: £170.5m                                maximum threshold was met and the
50% of bonus opportunity                                                                                                        maximum award is payable.
Revenue (calculated on a constant currency basis)                               Minimum: £809.0m                                Revenue for FY22 was £975.9m at FY21
                                                                                On-target: £849.4m                              exchange rates. The maximum
25% of bonus opportunity                                                        Maximum: £891.9m                                threshold was met and the maximum
                                                                                                                                award is payable.
Free cash flow (reported)                                                       Minimum: £99.0m                                 Free cash flow for the year was
                                                                                On-target: £104.0m                              £120.4m. The maximum threshold was
25% of bonus opportunity                                                        Maximum: £109.0m                                met and the maximum award
                                                                                                                                is payable.
1 All figures for the FY22 targets are adjusted to FY21 exchange rates.


Bonus awarded to each of the Executive Directors for year ended 30 September 2022
                                                  Base salary                        2022 actual bonus – as a percentage of 2021 base salary                     2022 bonus
                                                                                                                               Financial
                                                         £000             Minimum        On-target          Maximum           objectives       Total bonus             £000
Johnny Thomson                                             711               5%              63%               125%               125%              125%               889
Barbara Gibbes                                            365                5%              63%               125%               125%              125%               456

In line with the new Remuneration Policy, minimum shareholding requirement (MSR) for the CEO will increase to 300% of base salary and
will increase to 250% of base salary for other Executive Directors. In line with the Company’s Shareholding Policy, Johnny Thomson has met
his minimum shareholding requirement (300%) and therefore his bonus for the year will be paid as cash. The MSR no longer applies to
Barbara Gibbes since she stepped down from her role as CFO and left the Company on 30 September 2022 and therefore her bonus for the
year will be paid as cash. Post-termination shareholding (as laid out in the Company’s existing Remuneration Policy) will apply for Barbara
Gibbes which means that 50% of her MSR or her actual shareholding will be retained for 12 months post termination.

Bonus awards for year ended 30 September 2023
In the financial year beginning 1 October 2022, the Annual Performance Bonus Plan will be based on the following metrics: 50% will be
based on adjusted operating profit, 25% will be based on revenue (both metrics measured on a constant currency basis) and the remaining
25% will be based on free cash flow. The financial performance targets set for the Annual Performance Bonus Plan for this year will be
disclosed in next year’s Annual Report & Accounts, due to their commercial sensitivity.




130 Diploma PLC Annual Report 2022
Long-term incentive awards (audited)
The Company’s long-term incentive plan is the Performance Share Plan (PSP).

Performance conditions
Set out below is a summary of the performance conditions that apply to the PSP awards which vest in 2022 (PSP (2019)), 2023 (PSP (2020))
and 2024 (PSP (2021)).

Vesting of the award is based 50% on growth in adjusted EPS and 50% on relative TSR performance. In order for any payment to be earned


                                                                                                                                                  Overview
under the EPS element of awards, the Committee must consider that a satisfactory level of ROATCE performance has been achieved. The
ROATCE underpin will be measured as the ROATCE in the third year of the performance condition and as defined in note 27 to the
consolidated financial statements.

For the PSP (2022) as explained in the Chair’s letter on page 117, the performance condition will remain the same as the PSP (2021) with the
exception of the weighting between EPS and the relative TSR performance and the EPS targets. The vesting of this award will be weighted
75% on growth in adjusted EPS (subject to the ROATCE underpin) and 25% on relative TSR performance. The EPS target will be 5% to 13%
growth per annum (PSP (2021): 5% to 12%).

EPS
The performance condition for PSP awards is that the average annual compound growth in the Company’s adjusted EPS, over the three




                                                                                                                                                  Strategic Report
consecutive financial years following the financial year immediately prior to the grant, must exceed the specified absolute figures. The
performance targets are as follows:
                                                                                                                                   % of awards
Adjusted EPS growth (over three years)                                                                                                  vesting
14% p.a. (PSP (2020) and PSP (2019))                                                                                                      100
13% p.a. (PSP (2022))                                                                                                                     100
12% p.a. (PSP (2021))                                                                                                                     100
5% p.a.                                                                                                                                    25
Below 5% p.a.                                                                                                                              Nil




                                                                                                                                                  Corporate Governance
Where the Company’s adjusted EPS performance is between these percentage bands, vesting of the award is on a straight-line basis. For
the purposes of this condition, EPS is adjusted EPS as defined in note 27 to the consolidated financial statements and this definition remains
consistent with the definition of adjusted EPS approved by the Committee in previous years.

TSR
The performance condition compares the growth of the Company’s TSR over a three-year period to that of the companies in the FTSE 250
Index (excluding financial services and Investment Trusts). The performance targets are as follows:
                                                                                                                                   % of awards
                                                                                                                                        vesting
Upper quartile                                                                                                                            100




                                                                                                                                                  Financial Statements
Median                                                                                                                                     25
Below median                                                                                                                               Nil

Where the Company’s TSR performance is between these percentage bands, vesting of the award is calculated based on ranking. The FTSE
250 Index was chosen because this is a recognised broad equity market index of which the Company is a member.




                                                                                                                                                  Other Information




131   Diploma PLC Annual Report 2022
A N N UA L R EP O RT O N R EM U N ER ATI O N
CO NTI N U ED




Awards vesting in 2022 (audited)
The PSP award granted on 23 December 2019 (PSP (2019)) to Johnny Thomson and on 10 March 2020 (PSP (2019)) to Barbara Gibbes,
was subject to the performance conditions as set out in the table above and independently assessed over a three-year period ended
30 September 2022. The outcome of this award is presented in the table below:

Adjusted earnings per share
                                                                                                EPS at
                                                                                                30 Sep               CAGR           Maximum              Maximum                 Vested
                                                                         Base EPS                 20221              in EPS            target               award                award
PSP (2019)                                                                 64.3p               109.4               19.4%                  14%                50%                     50%
1 The pre-IFRS 16 adjusted EPS figure has been used for the purposes of assessing the vesting criteria of the PSP (2019) award. It was explained in the 2020 and 2021 DRR that the
  Committee intends to use this approach until the change in accounting standard reaches its three-year anniversary.


The Committee has reviewed the ROATCE outturn and concluded that 17.3% meets the Board’s expectations.

TSR growth against FTSE 250 (excluding financial services and Investment Trusts)
                                                                                                TSR at
                                                                                                30 Sep
                                                                                                  2022             Median       Upper quartile Maximum award             Vested award
PSP (2019)                                                                             20.0% p.a.           -1.28% p.a.          8.24% p.a.                  50%                     50%

Set out below are the shares which vested to Johnny Thomson and Barbara Gibbes at 30 September 2022 in respect of this award.
                                                  Share price               Share                                                                            Share
                                                     at date              price at         Proportion              Shares        Performance          appreciation
                                                    of grant          30 Sep 2022            of award              vested             element1            element2                   Total
                                                      pence                pence               vesting            number                 £000                 £000                   £000
Johnny Thomson PSP (2019)                              2,018               2,324               100%               85,481                 1,725                 262               1,987
Barbara Gibbes PSP (2019)                              1,755               2,324               100%               19,374                   340                 110                 450
1 The performance element represents the face value of awards that vested, having met the performance conditions set out above.
2 The share appreciation element represents the additional value generated through appreciation of the share price from the date the award was granted to the end of the three-year
  performance period on 30 September 2022.


Dividend equivalent payments (audited)
Dividend equivalent payments of £74,881 (2021: £87,803) are payable to Johnny Thomson and dividend equivalent payments of £16,972
(2021: Nil) are payable to Barbara Gibbes in respect of the PSP (2019) award which vested on 30 September 2022. Dividend equivalent
payments cover all payments made in the three-year performance period.

Long-term incentive plan – awards granted in the year (audited)
Johnny Thomson and Barbara Gibbes received a grant of the PSP 2021 award on 29 November 2021 in the form of nil-cost options. This
award was based on a share price of 3,118p, being the mid-market price of an ordinary share in the Company at close of business on the day
immediately preceding the award. The award for Johnny Thomson was 250% of base salary and for Barbara Gibbes was 175% of base salary.

Under normal circumstances, the options will not become exercisable until the performance conditions are determined after the end of the
three-year measurement period which begins on the first day of the financial year in which the award is made and provided the
participating Director remains in employment. The level of vesting is dependent on the achievement of specified performance criteria at
the end of the three-year measurement period. The performance conditions for this award are set out on page 131.

Outstanding share-based performance awards (audited)
Set out is a summary of the share-based awards outstanding at 30 September 2022, including both share awards which have vested during
the year (based on performance) and share awards which have been granted during the year. The awards set out were granted based on
a face value of 250% of base salary to Johnny Thomson and a face value of 175% (PSP (2021) and PSP (2020)) and 100% (PSP (2019)) of
base salary to Barbara Gibbes; PSP (2019) being the prorated award for time served (including as CFO designate). No awards will vest unless
the performance conditions set out on page 131 are satisfied.




132 Diploma PLC Annual Report 2022
Diploma PLC 2011 and 2020 Performance Share Plan (audited)
                                                                                                                              Shares                                           Shares
                                                                                                              Shares      over which                                       over which
                                              Face value of                                               over which         awards                                           awards
                                      Market the award at                 End of                         awards held        granted           Vested          Lapsed          held at
                                price at date date of grant         performance                              at 1 Oct         during       during the      during the          30 Sep
                                    of award2          £000               period        Vesting date             2021       the year           period          period            2022
Johnny Thomson


                                                                                                                                                                                           Overview
PSP (2019)                          2,018p             1,725      30 Sep 2022         30 Sep 2022            85,481               –          85,481                  –            –
PSP (2020)                          2,306p             1,725      30 Sep 2023         30 Sep 2023            74,804               –               –                  –       74,804
PSP (2021)                           3,118p            1,777      30 Sep 2024         30 Sep 2024                 –          57,007               –                  –       57,007
Barbara Gibbes1
PSP (2019)                           1,755p             340       30 Sep 2022         30 Sep 2022             19,374             –           19,374               –                   –
PSP (2020)                          2,306p              595       30 Sep 2023         30 Sep 2023            25,802              –                –          (8,601)             17,201
PSP (2021)                           3,118p             639       30 Sep 2024         30 Sep 2024                  –        20,485                –         (13,656)             6,829
1 Barbara Gibbes stepped down as Group CFO and left the Group on 30 September 2022. Her awards have been prorated for two of the three years for the PSP (2020) award and
  prorated for one of three years for the PSP (2021) award. These awards will vest based on the testing of performance criteria for the three year period to 30 September 2023 and
  30 September 2024 respectively.




                                                                                                                                                                                           Strategic Report
2 The market price is the share price at the close of business on the day before the grant date.


The PSP awards vest on the date on which the performance conditions are determined and confirmed by the Committee, following the end
of the performance period. Shares will be held for a minimum of five years from grant date in line with the Policy, which also applies to
Barbara Gibbes despite her leaving the Group.

The PSP awards are granted in the form of nil-cost options (there is a notional exercise price of £1 per award). To the extent that the awards
vest, the options are then exercisable until the tenth anniversary of the award date. Details of options exercised during the year and
outstanding at 30 September 2022 are set out later in this report.

Chair and Non‑Executive Directors’ remuneration (audited)




                                                                                                                                                                                           Corporate Governance
Individual remuneration for the year ended 30 September was as follows:
                                                                                                                                                                    Total fees
                                                                                                                                                             2022                   2021
                                                                                                                                                             £000                  £000
David Lowden1                                                                                                                                                207                       –
John Nicholas2                                                                                                                                                48                     153
Andy Smith                                                                                                                                                    67                      65
Anne Thorburn3                                                                                                                                                77                      72
Geraldine Huse                                                                                                                                                55                      53
Dean Finch4                                                                                                                                                   55                      19




                                                                                                                                                                                           Financial Statements
1 The amount for David Lowden includes his fee as an Independent Non-executive Director from 19 October 2021 to 18 January 2022 and then as Chair from 19 January 2022. The
  Chair’s annualised fee was £275,000.
2 The fee for John Nicholas was prorated following his retirement as Chair on 19 January 2022.
3 The fee for Anne Thorburn was prorated in 2021 following her appointment as Senior Independent Director on 20 January 2021.
4 The fee for Dean Finch was prorated in 2021 following his appointment on 21 May 2021.


The Non‑Executive Directors received a basic annual fee of £54,500 during the year and additional fees are paid of £12,000 (2021: £12,000)
for chairing a Committee of the Board or £10,000 (2021: £10,000) for acting as Senior Independent Director. No additional fee for chairing
a Committee of the Board is payable to the Chair of the Company. The fees for Non‑Executive Directors are reviewed every year by
the Board, taking into account their responsibilities and required time commitment. From 1 October 2022, there has been a 5% increase
to the Non-Executive Director fee to £57,250 and 5% increase to the Chair’s fee to £288,750 per annum. The additional fee for chairing a
Committee of the Board has increased 4% and for acting as Senior Independent Director to £10,500 per annum the additional fee has




                                                                                                                                                                                           Other Information
increased 5% to £12,500 per annum. There were no taxable employment benefits for Non-Executive Directors in 2022 and 2021.




133 Diploma PLC Annual Report 2022
A N N UA L R EP O RT O N R EM U N ER ATI O N
CO NTI N U ED




Executive Directors’ interests (audited)
In options over shares
In respect of nil-cost options granted under the PSP, the remuneration receivable by an Executive Director is calculated on the date that the
options first vest. The remuneration of the Executive Directors is the difference between the amount the Executive Directors are required to
pay to exercise the options to acquire the shares and the total value of the shares on the vesting date.

If the Executive Directors choose not to exercise the nil cost options on the vesting date (they may exercise the options at any time up to
the day preceding the tenth anniversary of the date of grant), any subsequent increase or decrease in the amount realised will be due to
movements in the underlying share price between the initial vesting date and the date of exercise of the option. This increase or decrease
in value reflects an investment decision by the Executive Director and, as such, is not recorded as remuneration.

The nil-cost options outstanding at 30 September 2022 and the movements during the year are as follows:
                                                                                                    Vested             Options
                                                 Year of      Options as at       Exercised      during the     unexercised as         Exercise     Earliest normal
                                                 vesting         1 Oct 2021         in year            year3    at 30 Sep 2022            price4      exercise date     Expiry date
Johnny Thomson1, 2                                2021             122,801         122,801              –                   –                £1        Nov 2021         Feb 2029
                                                  2022                   –               –         85,481              85,481                £1        Nov 2022         Nov 2029
Barbara Gibbes                                    2022                   –               –         19,374              19,374                £1        Nov 2022         Mar 2030
1 Johnny Thomson exercised 122,801 options on 22 November 2021 at a market price of 3,204p per share and the total proceeds before tax was £3,934,544 less the exercise price of £1.
2 On 22 November 2021, the aggregate number of shares received by the participant was reduced by 57,717 shares as part of arrangements under which the company settled the PAYE
  liability that arose as a result of the exercise in full by the Executive Director of options held over shares.
3 The closing price of an ordinary share on 30 September 2022 was 2,324p (2021: 2,842p).
4 All awards have a notional exercise price of £1 per award.


Directors’ interests in ordinary shares
                                                                                   As at 30 Sep 2022                                           As at 30 Sep 2021
                                                                                                          Options with                                                Options with
                                                                       Ordinary     Options vested        performance             Ordinary      Options vested        performance
                                                                         shares    but unexercised           measures               shares     but unexercised           measures
Johnny Thomson                                                       102,330               85,481              131,811             37,246             122,801             160,285
Barbara Gibbes                                                         5,082               19,374              24,030               1,649                   –               45,176

In the new Policy, as set out on page 121, the Committee has increased the MSR of 300% (previously 250% for the CEO and at least 250%
for other Executive Directors). As of 30 September 2022, Johnny Thomson’s shareholding was 503% of salary and therefore he has met his
MSR.

MSR no longer applies to Barbara Gibbes and post cessation holding of 50% of MSR (which is assessed against the existing policy as 200%
of base salary) for 12 months applies, meaning that Barbara should hold 100% of base salary in shares for 12 months post cessation of
employment. PSP awards must be held until the 5th anniversary of the PSP grant. By adhering to the five-year holding rule, Barbara Gibbes
complies with the post cessation MSR. The shareholding calculations are in line with the Company’s Shareholding Policy and includes shares
from vested PSP awards.

As of 21 November 2022, there have been no changes to these interests in ordinary shares of the Company.

Chair and Non-Executive Directors’ interests in ordinary shares (audited)
The Non-Executive Directors’ interests in ordinary shares of the Company at the start and end of the financial year were as follows:
                                                                                                                                                   Interest in ordinary shares
                                                                                                                                             As at 30 Sep 2022     As at 30 Sep 2021
David Lowden                                                                                                                                           2,500                    –
John Nicholas1                                                                                                                                         9,045                9,045
Andy Smith                                                                                                                                             7,545                7,545
Anne Thorburn                                                                                                                                          5,045                5,045
Geraldine Huse                                                                                                                                         2,045                2,045
Dean Finch                                                                                                                                               640                    –
1 As at 19 January 2022.


As of 21 November 2022, there have been no changes to these interests in ordinary shares of the Company.




134 Diploma PLC Annual Report 2022
Remuneration in context
Chief Executive pay ratio (unaudited)
The table below sets out the Chief Executive pay ratios as at 30 September 2022.

The ratios compare the single total figure of remuneration of the CEO with the equivalent figures for the lower quartile (P25), median (P50)
and upper quartile (P75) UK employees. Option A has been used as it is the most statistically accurate method, considered best practice by
the Government and investors, and is directly comparable to the CEO’s remuneration.



                                                                                                                                                                            Overview
The employee data was measured on 30 September 2022, using the most up-to-date bonus estimates. The approach used was the same as
the single total figure methodology with the exception that bonus estimates were used and colleagues who work part time were converted
to full time equivalent and those who worked part of the year were annualised.
                                                                                                               25th percentile            Median         75th percentile
Year                                                                                                 Method          pay ratio           pay ratio             pay ratio
2022                                                                                              Option A              156:1              129:1                   93:1
2021                                                                                              Option A              228:1              180:1                  126:1
2020                                                                                              Option A               44:1               35:1                   24:1




                                                                                                                                                                            Strategic Report
                                                                                                                                 Ratio of base pay            Total pay
                                                                                                                   Base salary    to CEO base pay          and benefits
CEO                                                                                                                £711,000                  n/a         £3,758,000
25th percentile                                                                                                     £22,531                  32:1           £24,090
Median                                                                                                              £27,040                  26:1           £29,074
75th percentile                                                                                                    £36,050                   20:1           £40,216

The median pay ratio for employees represents the Group’s principles for workforce remuneration. A significant proportion of the CEO’s
remuneration is delivered through variable pay, whereby awards are linked to financial performance and share price movements over the
longer term. This means that the ratios will depend on variable pay outcomes and may fluctuate from year to year. The CEO pay ratio for
2022 has reduced from 180:1 to 129:1. The principal change for the CEO’s single figure is due to lower share price appreciation. The median




                                                                                                                                                                            Corporate Governance
pay for UK colleagues has remained at a similar level £29,074 (2021: £29,036) with the addition of ca. 400 new employees from UK
acquisitions. If we exclude employees who joined through acquisition during 2022, the median pay for the UK workforce has increased
marginally to £29,550.

Aligning pay with performance (unaudited)
The graph below shows the TSR performance of Diploma PLC for the ten-year period ended 30 September 2022 against the FTSE 250 Index
(excluding Investment Trusts) as the Company is a member of this Index. The FTSE 250 Index (excluding Investment Trusts) was chosen
because this is a recognised broad equity market index.

Growth in the value of a hypothetical £100 holding over ten years




                                                                                                                                                                            Financial Statements
900



750



600



450




                                                                                                                                                                            Other Information
300



150



0
30 Sep 2012       30 Sep 2013    30 Sep 2014      30 Sep 2015   30 Sep 2016   30 Sep 2017   30 Sep 2018   30 Sep 2019    30 Sep 2020       30 Sep 2021        30 Sep 2022
    Diploma PLC       FTSE 250 (excluding Investment Trusts)

TSR is defined as the return on investment obtained from holding a company’s shares over a period. It includes dividends paid, the change
in the capital value of the shares and other payments to or by shareholders within the period.




135 Diploma PLC Annual Report 2022
A N N UA L R EP O RT O N R EM U N ER ATI O N
CO NTI N U ED




Chief Executive Officer remuneration compared with annual growth in TSR (unaudited)
                                                                                                                                                           Actual share
                                                                                                                  CEO single        Annual bonus          award vesting
                                                                                                               figure of total           against               against              Annual
                                                                                                               remuneration            maximum               maximum                growth
Year                              Name                                                                                 (£000)        opportunity           opportunity               in TSR
2022                             Johnny Thomson                                                                       3,758                  100%               100%                -17%
2021                             Johnny Thomson                                                                       5,242                  100%               100%                +32%
2020                             Johnny Thomson                                                                          999                  25%                    –              +34%
2019                             Johnny Thomson2                                                                       1,079                  72%                    –              +20%
2019                             John Nicholas1                                                                            62                     –                  –              +20%
2018                             John Nicholas1                                                                            14                     –                  –              +36%
2018                             Richard Ingram2                                                                         235                      –                  –              +36%
2018                             Bruce Thompson2                                                                      3,842                  100%                99%                +36%
2017                             Bruce Thompson                                                                       2,258                  100%                89%                +24%
2016                             Bruce Thompson                                                                        1,634                  95%                45%                +36%
2015                             Bruce Thompson                                                                         1,139                  51%               25%                  -1%
2014                             Bruce Thompson                                                                       1,846                   65%                 61%                +8%
2013                             Bruce Thompson                                                                        2,401                  33%               100%                +42%
1 John Nicholas was not eligible for an annual bonus or share award for service as interim Executive Chair for the period 28 August 2018 to 25 February 2019.
2 These amounts were prorated for the period served as CEO, with the exception of the annual bonus payable to Johnny Thomson, who joined the Company on 25 February 2019.


Relative importance of Executive Director remuneration (unaudited)
                                                                                                                                               2022                2021             Change
                                                                                                                                                £m                  £m                 £m
Total employee remuneration                                                                                                                  177.5              136.9                 40.6
Total dividends paid                                                                                                                          56.2               52.9                  3.3

Percentage change in remuneration of Directors and employees (unaudited)
Set out below is the change over the prior financial year in base salary/fees, benefits, pension and annual performance bonus of the Board
and the Group’s senior managers. Senior managers is a defined group of ca. 130 colleagues. The Committee chose senior managers for pay
comparisons with the Board as it provided the most closely aligned comparator group, considering the global and diverse nature of the
Group’s business. The figures for the Board are all on a full year basis to show the intended movement.
                                               Base salary/fee change (%)1              Pension change (%)               Taxable benefits change (%)                  Bonus change (%)
                                              2022         2021        2020        2022         2021        2020        2022          2021        2020        2022           2021      2020
                                            vs 2021     vs 2020      vs 2019     vs 2021     vs 2020      vs 2019     vs 2021      vs 2020      vs 2019     vs 2021       vs 2020    vs 2019
Executive Directors
                                                            No                                                                                     No
Johnny Thomson2                                 +3      change           +3         -18          -17          +3           +2          +4      change           +3        +300         -64
                                                            No                                   No
Barbara Gibbes                                  +7      change          n/a          +7      change          n/a           +2          +7         n/a           +7        +300         n/a
Non-Executive Directors3
                                                            No
David Lowden                                  n/a       change          n/a
                                                            No
John Nicholas      4
                                               -69      change           +3
                                                            No          No
Andy Smith                                      +3      change      change
Anne Thorburn5                                  +6          +11          +3
                                                            No
Geraldine Huse                                 +3       change        +n/a
Dean Finch6                                  +185         +n/a        +n/a
Employees of the
Parent Company7                               n/a          n/a          n/a         n/a         n/a          n/a         n/a          n/a         n/a          n/a          n/a        n/a
                                                                                                                          No          No           No
Senior management team                        +7.5           +1          +5        +7.5           +1          +5      change      change       change          +22          +77         -25
1   This does not take account of the voluntary pay reduction in 2020.
2   The reduction in pension was a voluntary reduction from 12.5% of base salary to 10.0% of base salary.
3   The Non-Executive Directors do not receive any pension, bonus or taxable benefits.
4   The fee for John Nicholas was prorated following his retirement as Chair on 19 January 2022. The like for like increase is +3%.
5   The increase for Anne Thorburn was the result of her appointment for only part of the prior year to Senior Independent Director on 20 January 2021. The like for like increase is +3%.
6   The increase for Dean Finch was due to the prior year being prorated from his date of appointment on 21 May 2021. The like for like increase is +3%.
7   There are no employees of the Parent Company.




136 Diploma PLC Annual Report 2022
Executives and senior management below the Board (unaudited)
Set out below is a summary of the share-based awards outstanding at 30 September 2022, which have been granted to members of the
executive team and other senior employees, including share awards which have vested during the year based on performance and share
awards which have been granted both last year and during this year. The awards set out below were granted based on a fair value that
varied between 15% and 100% of base salary. No awards will vest unless the performance conditions set out on page 131 are achieved over a
three-year measurement period. The committee anticipates making similar awards to members of the executive team and other senior
employees in December 2022.



                                                                                                                                                          Overview
                                                                                                    Shares over
                                                                                            Share        which                                   Shares
                                                        Face value of                 over which        awards                               over which
                                           Market price the award at        End of   awards held       granted       Vested       Lapsed    awards held
                                             at date of date of grant performance    at 1 October    during the   during the   during the     at 30 Sep
                                                 award           £000       period           2021          year         year         year          2022
PSP (2019)                                     2,018p           686 30 Sep 2022         34,006               –     29,546        4,460             –
PSP (2020)                                    2,306p           1,141 30 Sep 2023        49,472               –          –         9,612       39,860
                                              3,108p/
                                              2,574p/
PSP (2021)                                    2,682p         2,360 30 Sep 2024                 –     102,258              –      8,086         94,172




                                                                                                                                                          Strategic Report
GOVERNANCE
Remuneration Committee
The Committee is chaired by Andy Smith and comprises five Independent Non-Executive Directors. John Nicholas retired as Chair on
19 January 2022 and was replaced by David Lowden. The remaining members, Anne Thorburn, Dean Finch and Geraldine Huse, continue to
serve on the Committee. The Group CEO and the Group HR Director attend meetings at the invitation of the Committee to provide advice
to help it make informed decisions. The Group Company Secretary attends meetings as Secretary to the Committee.

The Remuneration Committee Report
The Annual Report on Remuneration and the Chair’s Statement will continue to be subject to an advisory vote by shareholders at the 2023
AGM.

Remuneration principles and structure




                                                                                                                                                          Corporate Governance
The Committee has adopted remuneration principles which are designed to ensure that executive remuneration:

– is aligned to the business strategy and promotes the long-term success of the Company;
– supports the creation of sustainable long-term shareholder value;
– provides an appropriate balance between remuneration elements and includes performance-related elements which are transparent,
  stretching and rigorously applied;
– provides an appropriate balance between immediate and deferred remuneration; and
– encourages a high-performance culture by ensuring performance-related remuneration constitutes a substantial proportion of the
  remuneration package and by linking maximum payout opportunity to outstanding results.

These principles apply equally to those of senior management and align to those of the wider workforce.




                                                                                                                                                          Financial Statements
Key duties and focus in 2022
The Committee agrees, on behalf of the Board, all aspects of the remuneration of the Executive Directors, and agrees the strategy,
direction and policy framework for the remuneration of the senior executives who have a significant influence over the Group’s ability to
meet its strategic objectives. The Committee also oversees all workforce remuneration policies. In addition the Committee has a process in
place to review risk of conflicts of interest.

The Committee’s roles and responsibilities are set out in its Terms of Reference, which are reviewed annually and approved by the Board.
The Terms of Reference are available on Diploma PLC’s website at www.diplomaplc.com/governance/constitutional-documents.

The Committee’s key responsibilities and focus during the year have been:




                                                                                                                                                          Other Information
– Approved Remuneration Committee work programme for 2022.
– Reviewed the AGM 2022 votes.
– Conducted extensive shareholder consultation on the new Remuneration Policy and its implementation.
– Approved annual performance bonus targets and the subsequent bonus awards for 2022.
– Approved new PSP awards to Executive Directors and confirmed the performance conditions for such awards.
– Confirmed the vesting percentages for the PSP (2019) which crystallised in 2022.
– Reviewed Executive Directors’ salaries, pensions and benefits.
– Oversight of leaving arrangements for the CFO and remuneration arrangements for the new CFO.
– Reviewed the fees of the Chair and Non-Executive Directors, including oversight of non-Executive Director changes.
– Finalisation of the appointment of a new Chair.
– Reviewed remuneration framework for executive management and senior management in the operating businesses.
– Reviewed workforce remuneration framework.
– Approved the 2022 Remuneration Committee Report.



137 Diploma PLC Annual Report 2022
A N N UA L R EP O RT O N R EM U N ER ATI O N
CO NTI N U ED




Services from external advisors (unaudited)
The Committee has continued to receive its remuneration advice from WTW and legal remuneration advice from Simmons and Simmons.
The fees are agreed in advance with the advisor, based on the scope of work. All advisors are selected by the Committee based on their
technical expertise and independence. None of the advisors have any relationship with any Director and the Committee is satisfied that
the services of advisors are independent, which it validates by checking that the advisors are not providing other services to the Company.
Fees during 2022 were higher due the Policy review and the change of CFO. Details are shown in the table below:
                                                                                                                  Other services
                                                                                                                 provided to the
Advisor                                  Appointed by             Services provided to the Committee                  Company        Fees (£)
Willis Towers Watson                     Committee                Remuneration advice                                    None       129,872
Simmons and Simmons LLP                  Committee                Legal and remuneration advice                          None        10,375

Shareholder voting at previous Annual General Meeting (unaudited)
The Director’s Remuneration Policy was approved by shareholders at the AGM held on 15 January 2020 and the Remuneration Committee’s
Annual Report (Report) for the year ended 30 September 2021 was approved by shareholders at the AGM held on 19 January 2022, with the
following votes being cast:
                                                                                            Policy                  2021 Report
Votes for                                                                            60,768,041        79.98%    101,036,465        93.26%
Votes against                                                                        15,209,003        20.02%      7,304,995         6.74%
Withheld                                                                             21,745,098              –       206,630              –

At the AGM in January 2022, the 2021 DRR was approved with 93.26% of votes in favour. Given the positive voting outcome there was no
immediate need for shareholder follow up. Extensive consultation was conducted during 2022 on the new Policy and the 2022 DRR. During
consultation there was an opportunity to check with shareholders if they had any outstanding issues from 2021 and none were raised.




138 Diploma PLC Annual Report 2022
DIREC TORS’ REPORT



This section comprises information which the Directors are required        Shareholders
by law and regulation to include within the Annual Report &                Shareholders are entitled to attend and speak at general meetings
Accounts. The Directors who held office during the year are set out        of the Company and to appoint one or more proxies, or corporate
on page 92.                                                                representatives. On a show of hands each holder of ordinary shares
                                                                           shall have one vote, as shall proxies. On a poll, every holder of
Shareholders                                                               ordinary shares present in person or by proxy shall have one vote for
Incorporation and principal activity                                       every share of which they are the holder. Electronic and paper proxy
Diploma PLC is domiciled in England and registered in England and          appointments and voting instructions must be received not later


                                                                                                                                                      Overview
Wales under Company Number 3899848. At the date of this report             than 48 hours before a general meeting.
there were 124,679,542 ordinary shares of 5p each in issue, all of
which are fully paid up and quoted on the London Stock Exchange.           The Company is not aware of any agreements between shareholders
                                                                           that may result in restrictions on the transfers of securities and/or
The principal activity of the Group is the supply of specialised           voting rights. No person holds securities in the Company carrying
technical products and services. A description and review of the           special rights with regard to control of the Company.
activities of the Group during the financial year including the
Company’s business model and strategy, principal risks and                 Contracts of significance and change of control
uncertainties facing the Group and how these are managed and               There are a number of agreements that take effect, alter or
mitigated, together with an indication of future developments is           terminate upon a change of control of the Company, principally
set out in the Strategic Report on pages 2 to 89, which incorporates       bank facility agreements, the Company’s Long-Term Incentive Plan




                                                                                                                                                      Strategic Report
the requirements of the Companies Act 2006 (the Act).                      and the Annual Performance Bonus Plan.

Annual General Meeting                                                     Restrictions on transfer of shares
The Annual General Meeting (AGM) will be held at 09.00 am on               The Directors may refuse to register a transfer of a certificated share
Wednesday, 18 January 2023 in The Charterhouse, Charterhouse               that is not fully paid, provided that the refusal does not prevent
Square, London EC1M 6AN. The Notice of the AGM, which is a                 dealings in shares in the Company from taking place on an open
separate document, will be sent to all shareholders and will be            and proper basis, or where the Company has lien over that share.
published on the Diploma PLC website.                                      The Directors may also refuse to register a transfer of a certificated
                                                                           share, unless the instrument of transfer is: (i) lodged, duly stamped
Substantial shareholdings                                                  (if necessary), at the registered office of the Company or any other
At 30 September 2022, the Company had received formal                      place as the Board may decide accompanied by the certificate for
notifications of the following holdings in its ordinary shares in          the share(s). Transfers of uncertificated shares must be carried out




                                                                                                                                                      Corporate Governance
accordance with the requirements of the Financial Conduct                  using CREST and the Directors can refuse to register a transfer of
Authority’s Disclosure Guidance and Transparency Rules (DTRs):             an uncertified share.
                                         Percentage of       Percentage    Participants in the Company’s Performance Share Plan (PSP),
                                        ordinary shares      of ordinary
                                           (September      share capital   who have yet to meet shareholding requirements, have vested PSP
                                                  2022) (November 2022)    shares held in trust until the earlier occurrence of them meeting
Mawer Investment Management                      9.80      No change       their shareholder requirement or for a period of two years, during
Limited                                                                    which period these shares cannot be transferred to them. Executive
Capital Research Global Investors               12.01           13.06      Directors who participate in the Annual Performance Bonus Plan,
                                                                           who have yet to meet shareholding requirements, have 50% of their
Royal London Group                              4.95       No change       net annual bonus held in shares until the earlier occurrence of them




                                                                                                                                                      Financial Statements
The Vanguard Group, Inc                          3.42      No change       meeting their shareholding requirement or five years.
Mondrian Investment Partners                     3.14      No change
Limited                                                                    Share allotment
                                                                           A general allotment power and a limited power to allot shares in
BlackRock Inc                                    5.07          Below 5
                                                                           specific circumstances for cash, otherwise than pro rata to existing
Other than Capital Research Global Investors and BlackRock Inc,            shareholders, were given to the Directors by resolutions approved
there have been no changes in the interests notified to the                at the AGM of the Company held on 19 January 2022.
Company pursuant to the DTRs up to the date of this report.
                                                                           Authority to make market purchases of own shares
Share capital                                                              An authority to make market purchases of up to 10% of the issued
The rights attaching to the Company’s ordinary shares, as well as          share capital shares was given to the Directors by a special




                                                                                                                                                      Other Information
the powers of the Company’s Directors, are set out in the                  resolution at the AGM of the Company held on 19 January 2022.
Company’s Articles of Association (the Articles), a copy of which is       In the year to 30 September 2022, the Company has not acquired
available on the Company’s website. The Articles may be amended            any of its own shares.
by special resolution of the Company’s shareholders.
                                                                           Liability insurance and indemnities
                                                                           As at the date of this report, the Company has granted qualifying
                                                                           third-party indemnities to each of its Directors against any liability
                                                                           that attaches to them in defending proceedings brought against
                                                                           them, to the extent permitted by the Companies Act. In addition,
                                                                           Directors and officers of the Company and its subsidiaries have been,
                                                                           and continue to be, covered by Director and officer liability insurance.




139 Diploma PLC Annual Report 2022
D I R EC TO R S’ R EP O RT
CO NTI N U ED




Disclosures required under Listing Rule 9.8.4C                            PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP (PwC) has expressed its willingness
To comply with Listing Rule 9.8.4C, the following table provides the      to continue in office as independent auditor and a resolution
information to be disclosed by the Company in respect of Listing          to reappoint PwC will be proposed at the AGM to be held on
Rule 9.8.4R.                                                              18 January 2023.
                                                           Listing Rule   Directors’ assessment of going concern
The Trustees of the Diploma PLC Employee Benefit       9.8.4(12)R and     The Directors continue to adopt the going concern basis
Trust waived dividends on all shares.                  9.8.6(13)R         in preparing the Annual Report & Accounts. Their assessment
                                                                          in reaching this conclusion is set out in the notes to the
Non-financial information                                                 consolidated financial statements on page 170.
The Company has chosen, in accordance with section 414C(11) of
the Companies Act 2006, to include certain matters in its Strategic       Statement of Directors’ responsibilities for preparing the
Report on pages 2 to 89 that would otherwise be required to be            financial statements
disclosed in this Directors’ Report.                                      The Directors are responsible for preparing the Annual Report &
                                                                          Accounts and the financial statements in accordance with
Non-financial information statement                                       applicable law and regulation.
Other information that is relevant to the Directors’ Report and
which is incorporated by reference into this report, can be viewed        Company law requires the Directors to prepare financial statements
in the section on Delivering Value Responsibly on pages 34 to 57          for each financial year. Under that law the Directors have prepared
and includes:                                                             the Group financial statements in accordance with international
                                                                          accounting standards in conformity with the requirements of the
– Our employees                                                           Companies Act 2006 and the Parent Company financial statements
– Environmental matters                                                   in accordance with United Kingdom Generally Accepted Accounting
– Health & Safety                                                         Practice (United Kingdom Accounting Standards, comprising FRS
– Greenhouse gas emissions                                                101 Reduced Disclosure Framework, and applicable law).
– Human rights                                                            Additionally, the Financial Conduct Authority’s Disclosure Guidance
– Business ethics, corruption and bribery                                 and Transparency Rules require the Directors to prepare the Group
– Modern slavery                                                          financial statements in accordance with United Kingdom adopted
– Community                                                               international financial reporting standards.

Other related information can also be found as follows:                   Under company law, Directors must not approve the financial
                                                                          statements unless they are satisfied that they give a true and fair
– Business model – pages 14 to 15.                                        view of the state of affairs of the Group and Parent Company and
– Principal risks and how they are managed or mitigated –                 of the profit or loss of the Group for that period. In preparing the
  pages 82 to 88.                                                         financial statements, the Directors are required to:
– Non-financial key performance indicators – page 59.
– Employee engagement – pages 36 to 37.                                   – select suitable accounting policies and then apply them
– Stakeholder engagement – pages 72 to 75.                                  consistently;
                                                                          – state whether applicable international accounting standards in
Financial                                                                   conformity with the requirements of the Companies Act 2006
Results and dividends                                                       have been followed for the Group financial statements and
The profit for the financial year attributable to shareholders was          United Kingdom Accounting Standards, comprising FRS 101 have
£94.7m (2021: £69.8m). The Directors recommend a final dividend             been followed for the Parent Company financial statements,
of 38.8p (2021: 30.1p) per ordinary share, to be paid, if approved,         subject to any material departures disclosed and explained in the
on 3 February 2023. This, together with the interim dividend of 15p         financial statements;
(2021: 12.5p) per ordinary share, amounts to 53.8p for the year           – make judgements and accounting estimates that are reasonable
(2021: 42.6p).                                                              and prudent; and
                                                                          – prepare the financial statements on the going concern basis
The results are shown more fully in the consolidated financial              unless it is inappropriate to presume that the Group and Parent
statements on pages 142 to 175 and summarised in the Financial              Company will continue in business.
Review on pages 77 to 79.
                                                                          The Directors are responsible for safeguarding the assets of the
Independent Auditors                                                      Group and Parent Company and hence for taking reasonable steps
Each of the persons who is a Director at the date of approval of          for the prevention and detection of fraud and other irregularities.
this Annual Report & Accounts confirms that so far as the Director
is aware, there is no relevant audit information of which the             The Directors are also responsible for keeping adequate accounting
Company’s auditor is unaware; and the Director has taken all the          records that are sufficient to show and explain the Group’s and
steps that he/she ought to have taken as a Director in order to           Parent Company’s transactions and disclose with reasonable
make himself/herself aware of any relevant audit information              accuracy at any time the financial position of the Group and Parent
and to establish that the Company’s auditor is aware of that              Company and enable them to ensure that the financial statements
information. This confirmation is given and should be interpreted         and the Directors’ Remuneration Report comply with the
in accordance with the provisions of section 418 of the Companies         Companies Act 2006.
Act 2006.




140 Diploma PLC Annual Report 2022
The Directors are responsible for the maintenance and integrity of    In the case of each Director in office at the date the Directors’
the Parent Company’s website. Legislation in the United Kingdom       report is approved:
governing the preparation and dissemination of financial
statements may differ from legislation in other jurisdictions.        – so far as the Director is aware, there is no relevant audit
                                                                        information of which the Group’s and Parent Company’s auditors
Directors’ confirmations                                                are unaware; and
The Directors consider that the Annual Report & Accounts, taken       – they have taken all the steps that they ought to have taken as
as a whole, is fair, balanced and understandable and provides the       a Director in order to make themselves aware of any relevant


                                                                                                                                          Overview
information necessary for shareholders to assess the Group’s and        audit information and to establish that the Group’s and Parent
Parent Company’s position and performance, business model               Company’s auditors are aware of that information.
and strategy. Each of the Directors, whose names and functions
are listed in the Board of Directors confirm that, to the best of     This Directors’ Report was approved by the Board of Directors
their knowledge:                                                      on 21 November 2022 and is signed on its behalf by:

– the Group financial statements, which have been prepared            JD Thomson		
  in accordance with international accounting standards in            Chief Executive Officer
  conformity with the relevant financial reporting framework;
– the Parent Company financial statements, which have been            Registered office:
  prepared in accordance with United Kingdom Accounting               10-11 Charterhouse Square




                                                                                                                                          Strategic Report
  Standards, comprising FRS 101, give a true and fair view of the     London
  assets, liabilities and financial position of the Parent Company;   EC1M 6EE
  and
– the Strategic Report includes a fair review of the development      Registered Number:
  and performance of the business and the position of the Group       3899848
  and Parent Company, together with a description of the principal
  risks and uncertainties that it faces.




                                                                                                                                          Corporate Governance




                                                                                                                                          Financial Statements




                                                                                                                                          Other Information




141   Diploma PLC Annual Report 2022
CONSOLIDATED INCOME STATEMENT
FO R TH E Y E A R EN D ED 30 SEP TEM B ER 2022




                                                                                                                                                  2022        2021
                                                                                                                                     Note          £m          £m
Revenue                                                                                                                               2,3      1,012.8      787.4
Cost of sales                                                                                                                                  (638.3)     (499.0)
Gross profit                                                                                                                                     374.5      288.4
Distribution costs                                                                                                                               (25.9)     (23.9)
Administration costs                                                                                                                           (204.3)     (160.2)
Operating profit                                                                                                                          2      144.3      104.3
Financial expense, net                                                                                                                    5       (14.8)      (7.7)
Profit before tax                                                                                                                                 129.5      96.6
Tax expense                                                                                                                               6       (34.1)    (26.9)
Profit for the year                                                                                                                                95.4      69.7
Attributable to:
   Shareholders of the Company                                                                                                                   94.7        69.8
  Minority interests                                                                                                                      20      0.7         (0.1)
                                                                                                                                                 95.4        69.7
Earnings per share
  Basic earnings                                                                                                                          8     76.1p      56.1p
  Diluted earnings                                                                                                                        8     75.9p      55.9p




ALTERNATIVE PERFORMANCE ME A SURE S 1
                                                                                                                                                  2022        2021
                                                                                                                                     Note          £m          £m
Operating profit                                                                                                                                144.3      104.3
Add: Acquisition related and other charges included in administration costs                                                             2        46.9       44.4
Adjusted operating profit                                                                                                             2,3        191.2     148.7
Deduct: Net interest and similar charges                                                                                                5        (11.6)      (6.8)
Adjusted profit before tax                                                                                                                      179.6       141.9
Adjusted earnings per share                                                                                                               8    107.5p      85.2p
1 The adjusted numbers set out above are non-statutory measures which are defined and reconciled in note 27 of the financial statements

The notes on pages 146 to 175 form part of these consolidated financial statements.




142 Diploma PLC Annual Report 2022
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
FO R TH E Y E A R EN D ED 30 SEP TEM B ER 2022




                                                                                                                           2022           2021
                                                                                                          Note              £m             £m
Profit for the year                                                                                                       95.4           69.7
Items that will not be reclassified to the Consolidated Income Statement
Actuarial gain on the defined benefit pension schemes                                                      24              10.6           7.4
Deferred tax on items that will not be reclassified                                                       6,13             (2.8)         (0.8)
                                                                                                                            7.8           6.6


                                                                                                                                                  Overview
Items that may be reclassified to the Consolidated Income Statement
Exchange differences on translation of foreign operations                                                                  76.8          (16.2)
Gains on fair value of cash flow hedges                                                                     18              4.5            0.4
Net changes to fair value of cash flow hedges transferred to the Consolidated Income Statement              18             (0.4)           0.1
Deferred tax on items that may be reclassified                                                            6,13              (1.1)         (0.1)
                                                                                                                           79.8          (15.8)
Total Other Comprehensive Income                                                                                           87.6           (9.2)




                                                                                                                                                  Strategic Report
Total Comprehensive Income for the year                                                                                   183.0          60.5
Attributable to:
  Shareholders of the Company                                                                                             182.2          60.8
  Minority interests                                                                                                        0.8          (0.3)
                                                                                                                          183.0          60.5




CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGE S IN EQUIT Y




                                                                                                                                                  Corporate Governance
FO R TH E Y E A R EN D ED 30 SEP TEM B ER 2022


                                                Share       Share   Translation   Hedging     Retained Shareholders’        Minority     Total
                                               capital   premium        reserve    reserve    earnings       equity        interests    equity
                                    Note          £m          £m            £m         £m          £m           £m               £m        £m
At 1 October 2020                                6.3       188.6         28.3         (0.3)     304.1            527.0         3.7      530.7
Total Comprehensive Income                         –           –        (16.2)         0.5       76.5             60.8        (0.3)      60.5
Share-based payments                   4           –           –            –            –        1.8              1.8           –        1.8
Tax on items recognised directly
in equity                              6            –           –            –           –        1.0              1.0           –        1.0




                                                                                                                                                  Financial Statements
Notional purchase of own shares                     –           –            –           –       (0.5)            (0.5)          –       (0.5)
Acquisition of business              20             –           –            –           –          –                –         0.9        0.9
Minority interest put option on
acquisition                                        –           –             –          –        (0.9)            (0.9)          –       (0.9)
Minority interest issued                           –           –             –          –           –                –         0.7        0.7
Dividends                           7,20           –           –             –          –       (52.9)           (52.9)       (0.3)     (53.2)
At 30 September 2021                             6.3       188.6          12.1        0.2       329.1            536.3         4.7      541.0
Total Comprehensive Income                         –           –         76.7         3.0       102.5            182.2         0.8      183.0
Share-based payments                   4           –           –             –          –         2.8              2.8           –        2.8




                                                                                                                                                  Other Information
Tax on items recognised directly
in equity                              6            –           –            –           –        0.4              0.4            –       0.4
Notional purchase of own shares                     –           –            –           –       (2.8)            (2.8)           –      (2.8)
Acquisition of business              20             –           –            –           –          –                –          2.5       2.5
Disposal of business                 20             –           –            –           –          –                –         (1.3)     (1.3)
Minority interest put option on
acquisition                                         –           –            –           –        (1.9)           (1.9)             –    (1.9)
Minority interest put option
disposal                                           –          –            –            –         1.2              1.2           –        1.2
Minority interest acquired            20           –          –            –            –           –                –        (0.3)      (0.3)
Dividends                           7,20           –          –            –            –       (56.2)           (56.2)       (0.2)     (56.4)
At 30 September 2022                             6.3      188.6         88.8          3.2       375.1            662.0         6.2      668.2

The notes on pages 146 to 175 form part of these consolidated financial statements.

143 Diploma PLC Annual Report 2022
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION
A S AT 30 SEP TEM B ER 2022




                                                                                                                    2022            2021
                                                                                                     Note            £m              £m
Non-current assets
Goodwill                                                                                                9         372.3          260.7
Acquisition intangible assets                                                                          10         455.0          344.9
Other intangible assets                                                                                10           4.1            3.4
Property, plant and equipment                                                                           11         49.6           35.4
Leases – right-of-use assets                                                                           12          62.4           44.9
Retirement benefit assets                                                                              24           6.4              –
Deferred tax assets                                                                                    13           0.2            0.4
                                                                                                                  950.0          689.7
Current assets
Inventories                                                                                            14         217.4          139.8
Trade and other receivables                                                                            15         169.9           117.8
Assets held for sale                                                                                   15             –            11.3
Cash and cash equivalents                                                                              17          41.7           24.8
                                                                                                                  429.0          293.7
Current liabilities
Borrowings                                                                                             23         (30.5)          (18.0)
Trade and other payables                                                                               16        (189.5)         (127.0)
Current tax liabilities                                                                                 6           (11.8)        (10.0)
Other liabilities                                                                                      19          (19.0)          (11.7)
Lease liabilities                                                                                      12          (12.7)           (9.7)
                                                                                                                 (263.5)         (176.4)
Net current assets                                                                                                 165.5           117.3
Total assets less current liabilities                                                                            1,115.5          807.0
Non-current liabilities
Retirement benefit obligations                                                                         24              –            (4.9)
Borrowings                                                                                             23        (340.1)         (188.2)
Lease liabilities                                                                                      12         (56.4)          (38.6)
Other liabilities                                                                                      19          (12.4)          (12.0)
Deferred tax liabilities                                                                               13         (38.4)          (22.3)
Net assets                                                                                                        668.2           541.0
Equity
Share capital                                                                                                        6.3           6.3
Share premium                                                                                                     188.6          188.6
Translation reserve                                                                                                88.8            12.1
Hedging reserve                                                                                                      3.2            0.2
Retained earnings                                                                                                  375.1          329.1
Total shareholders’ equity                                                                                        662.0          536.3
Minority interests                                                                                    20             6.2            4.7
Total equity                                                                                                      668.2          541.0

The consolidated financial statements on pages 142 to 175 were approved by the Board of Directors on 21 November 2022 and signed on its
behalf by:

JD Thomson
Chief Executive Officer

C Davies
Chief Financial Officer

The notes on pages 146 to 175 form part of these consolidated financial statements.




144 Diploma PLC Annual Report 2022
CONSOLIDATED C A SH FLOW STATEMENT
FO R TH E Y E A R EN D ED 30 SEP TEM B ER 2022




                                                                                                                                                 2022        2021
                                                                                                                                     Note         £m          £m
Operating profit                                                                                                                               144.3       104.3
Acquisition related and other charges                                                                                                           46.9        44.4
Non-cash items and other                                                                                                                         18.1         9.8
Increase in working capital                                                                                                                    (28.7)       (12.6)
Cash flow from operating activities                                                                                                       22   180.6       145.9


                                                                                                                                                                      Overview
Interest paid, net (including borrowing fees)                                                                                                   (15.0)       (5.6)
Tax paid                                                                                                                                       (40.6)      (24.2)
Net cash from operating activities                                                                                                             125.0        116.1
Cash flow from investing activities
Acquisition of businesses (net of cash acquired)                                                                                          21   (173.0)     (451.4)
Deferred consideration paid                                                                                                               19      (7.1)      (6.6)
Proceeds from sale of business (net of cash disposed)                                                                                            13.7        11.0
Purchase of property, plant and equipment                                                                                                 11    (14.3)       (4.9)
Purchase of other intangible assets                                                                                                               (1.1)       (1.3)




                                                                                                                                                                      Strategic Report
Proceeds from sale of property, plant and equipment                                                                                               9.9         4.8
Net cash used in investing activities                                                                                                          (171.9)    (448.4)
Cash flow from financing activities
Proceeds from issue of share capital (net of fees)                                                                                                  –       (0.6)
Dividends paid to shareholders                                                                                                             7   (56.2)      (52.9)
Dividends paid to minority interests                                                                                                      20    (0.2)       (0.3)
Proceeds from minority interests                                                                                                          20        –        0.7
Acquisition of minority interests                                                                                                         20    (0.3)          –
Purchase of own shares by Employee Benefit Trust                                                                                                    –          –




                                                                                                                                                                      Corporate Governance
Notional purchase of own shares on exercise of share options                                                                                    (2.8)       (0.6)
Proceeds from borrowings                                                                                                                  23   154.8       215.3
Repayment of borrowings                                                                                                                   23   (20.0)      (12.4)
Principal elements of lease payments                                                                                                           (10.9)       (9.5)
Net cash from financing activities                                                                                                              64.4       139.7
Net increase/(decrease) in cash and cash equivalents                                                                                             17.5     (192.6)
Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year                                                                                                  24.8      206.8
Effect of exchange rates on cash and cash equivalents                                                                                           (0.6)       10.6
Cash and cash equivalents at end of year                                                                                                  17    41.7        24.8




                                                                                                                                                                      Financial Statements
ALTERNATIVE PERFORMANCE ME A SURE S 1
                                                                                                                                                 2022        2021
                                                                                                                                     Note         £m          £m
Free cash flow                                                                                                                            27   120.4       108.8
Adjusted earnings                                                                                                                         27   133.9        106.1




                                                                                                                                                                      Other Information
Free cash flow conversion %                                                                                                               27    90%        103%
1 The adjusted numbers set out above are non-statutory measures which are defined and reconciled in note 27 of the financial statements




145 Diploma PLC Annual Report 2022
NOTE S TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FO R TH E Y E A R EN D ED 30 SEP TEM B ER 2022




1. General information
Diploma PLC is a public company limited by shares incorporated in the United Kingdom, registered and domiciled in England and Wales and
listed on the London Stock Exchange. The address of the registered office is 10-11 Charterhouse Square, London EC1M 6EE. The consolidated
financial statements comprise the Company and its subsidiaries (together referred to as ‘the Group’) and were authorised by the Directors
for publication on 21 November 2022. These statements are presented in UK sterling, with all values rounded to the nearest 100,000, except
where otherwise indicated.

On 31 December 2020, IFRS as adopted by the European Union at that date was brought into UK law and became UK-adopted
International Accounting Standards, with future changes being subject to endorsement by the UK Endorsement Board. Diploma PLC
transitioned to UK-adopted International Accounting Standards in its consolidated financial statements on 1 October 2021. This change
constitutes a change in accounting framework. However, there is no impact on recognition, measurement or disclosure in the period
reported as a result of the change in framework.

The consolidated financial statements of the Group have been prepared in accordance with UK-adopted International Accounting
Standards and with the requirements of the Companies Act 2006 as applicable to companies reporting under those standards. The
financial statements of the Parent Company, Diploma PLC, have been prepared in accordance with FRS 101 (Reduced Disclosure
Framework) and are set out in a separate section of the Annual Report & Accounts on pages 176 to 178. A full list of subsidiary and other
related undertakings is set out on pages 187 to 189.

2. Business Sector analysis
The Chief Operating Decision Maker (CODM) for the purposes of IFRS 8 is the CEO. The financial performance of the business Sectors is
reported to the CODM on a monthly basis and this information is used to allocate resources on an appropriate basis.

For management reporting purposes, the Group is organised into three main reportable business Sectors: Life Sciences, Seals and Controls.
These Sectors are the Group’s operating segments as defined by IFRS 8 and form the basis of the primary reporting format disclosures
below. The CODM reviews discrete financial information at this operating segment level. The principal activities of each of these Sectors are
described in the Strategic Report on pages 60 to 71. Sector revenue represents revenue from external customers; there is no inter-Sector
revenue. Sector results, assets and liabilities include items directly attributable to a Sector, as well as those that can be allocated on a
reasonable basis.

Sector assets exclude cash and cash equivalents, deferred tax assets, retirement benefit assets, acquisition related assets and corporate
assets that cannot be allocated on a reasonable basis to a business Sector. Sector liabilities exclude borrowings (other than lease liabilities),
retirement benefit obligations, deferred tax liabilities, acquisition related liabilities and corporate liabilities that cannot be allocated on a
reasonable basis to a business Sector. These items are shown collectively in the following analysis as ‘unallocated assets’ and ‘unallocated
liabilities’, respectively.




146 Diploma PLC Annual Report 2022
                                        Life Sciences              Seals                   Controls                  Corporate                  Group
                                     2022         2021     2022            2021     2022          2021        2022          2021        2022            2021
                                      £m           £m       £m              £m       £m            £m          £m            £m          £m              £m
Revenue – existing                  178.0      180.4     294.4        263.7       481.9         343.3            –               –     954.3       787.4
Revenue – acquisitions               10.6          –      37.0            –        10.9             –            –               –      58.5           –
Revenue                             188.6      180.4     331.4        263.7       492.8         343.3            –               –   1,012.8       787.4
Adjusted operating profit


                                                                                                                                                               Overview
– existing                           39.7        43.2      57.0        46.5       104.0          72.4        (18.2)        (13.4)     182.5        148.7
Adjusted operating profit
– acquisitions                        1.3           –      5.6            –         1.8             –            –             –         8.7           –
Adjusted operating profit            41.0        43.2     62.6         46.5       105.8          72.4        (18.2)        (13.4)      191.2       148.7
Acquisition related and other
charges                              1.5         (4.6)    (16.6)       (9.7)      (30.5)        (30.1)        (1.3)            –      (46.9)       (44.4)
Operating profit                    42.5         38.6     46.0         36.8        75.3          42.3        (19.5)        (13.4)     144.3        104.3

Operating assets                     74.0        51.2    207.5        134.4        211.5        164.8            –               –     493.0       350.4
Goodwill                            106.2        81.4    125.2         60.0       140.9          119.3           –               –     372.3       260.7




                                                                                                                                                               Strategic Report
Acquisition intangible assets        74.9        47.2    100.2         50.4       279.9         247.3            –               –     455.0       344.9
                                    255.1       179.8    432.9        244.8       632.3         531.4            –               –   1,320.3       956.0
Unallocated assets:
– Deferred tax assets                                                                                         0.2           0.4          0.2         0.4
– Cash and cash equivalents                                                                                  41.7          24.8         41.7        24.8
– Acquisition related assets                                                                                  1.8             –          1.8           –
– Retirement benefit assets                                                                                  6.4             –          6.4           –
– Corporate assets                                                                                            8.6           2.2          8.6         2.2
Total assets                        255.1      179.8      432.9       244.8       632.3         531.4        58.7          27.4      1,379.0      983.4




                                                                                                                                                               Corporate Governance
Operating liabilities               (41.7)     (30.2)    (103.3)      (58.4)      (92.6)        (68.1)          –             –       (237.6)     (156.7)
Unallocated liabilities:
– Deferred tax liabilities                                                                                   (38.4)       (22.3)      (38.4)       (22.3)
– Retirement benefit obligations                                                                                 –         (4.9)           –        (4.9)
– Acquisition related liabilities                                                                            (31.4)       (23.7)       (31.4)      (23.7)
– Corporate liabilities                                                                                      (32.8)       (28.6)      (32.8)       (28.6)
– Borrowings                                                                                                (370.6)      (206.2)     (370.6)      (206.2)
Total liabilities                   (41.7)     (30.2)    (103.3)      (58.4)      (92.6)         (68.1)     (473.2)      (285.7)     (710.8)      (442.4)
Net assets                          213.4                 329.6                   539.7                     (414.5)                   668.2




                                                                                                                                                               Financial Statements
                                               149.6                  186.4                     463.3                    (258.3)                   541.0

Acquisition related and other charges are £46.9m (2021: £44.4m) and comprise £42.4m (2021: £33.1m) of amortisation of acquisition
intangible assets, £10.5m of acquisition expenses as defined in note 27 (2021: £9.7m), a £7.3m (2021: £1.6m net charge) net gain on the
disposal of businesses, which is set out in note 21, and one-off restructuring costs of £1.3m associated with the transition of the Group’s
Chief Financial Officer.

Other Sector information
                                        Life Sciences              Seals                   Controls                  Corporate                  Group
                                     2022         2021     2022            2021     2022          2021        2022          2021        2022            2021
                                      £m           £m       £m              £m       £m            £m          £m            £m          £m              £m




                                                                                                                                                               Other Information
Capital expenditure                  8.0          2.3       3.7            2.5      2.7               1.1     0.9            0.3        15.3            6.2
Depreciation and amortisation        2.9          2.6       3.5            2.9      4.6               4.1     0.2            0.3        11.2            9.9
Revenue recognition
– immediately on sale               176.4      164.2     315.6        260.1       492.8         343.3            –               –    984.8        767.6
– over a period of time              12.2       16.2      15.8          3.6           –             –            –               –      28.0        19.8
                                    188.6      180.4     331.4        263.7       492.8         343.3            –               –   1,012.8       787.4

Accrued income (‘contract assets’) at 30 September 2022 of £0.1m (2021: £0.8m) and deferred revenue (‘contract liabilities’) of £3.5m at 30
September 2022 (2021: £2.5m) are included in trade and other receivables (note 15) and trade and other payables (note 16), respectively.




147 Diploma PLC Annual Report 2022
NOTE S TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FO R TH E Y E A R EN D ED 30 SEP TEM B ER 2022
CO NTI N U ED




3. Geographic segment analysis by origin
                                                                 Adjusted operating                                         Trading capital
                                       Revenue                         profit                    Non-current assets1           employed              Capital expenditure
                                2022             2021            2022            2021            2022           2021      2022           2021        2022          2021
                                 £m               £m              £m              £m              £m             £m        £m             £m          £m            £m
United Kingdom               209.7            142.5            21.0             10.5          193.6            82.5      202.2         83.4          3.4            0.5
Rest of Europe               166.7            166.5            29.3             31.9           169.1          115.3      179.8        140.3          1.7            0.8
North America                561.0            411.8           129.5             94.7          519.2          443.7       614.2        496.1          8.9            4.1
Rest of world                 75.4             66.6            11.4              11.6           57.1           47.8       62.3          53.1         1.3            0.8
                           1,012.8            787.4           191.2            148.7          939.0          689.3     1,058.5        772.9         15.3            6.2
1 Non-current assets excludes deferred tax assets, derivative assets and the retirement benefit asset.


4. Group employee costs
Average number of employees
                                                                                                                                                  2022             2021
Life Sciences                                                                                                                                     423              453
Seals                                                                                                                                            1,174           1,055
Controls                                                                                                                                           981             831
Corporate                                                                                                                                           36              31
Number of employees – average                                                                                                                   2,614            2,370
Number of employees – year end                                                                                                                  2,909            2,498

Group employee costs, including key management
                                                                                                                                                  2022             2021
                                                                                                                                                   £m               £m
Wages and salaries                                                                                                                              154.8             119.1
Social security costs                                                                                                                             13.3            10.5
Other pension costs                                                                                                                                6.6             5.5
Share-based payments                                                                                                                               2.8              1.8
                                                                                                                                                 177.5           136.9

Key management short-term remuneration, including Directors
                                                                                                                                                  2022             2021
                                                                                                                                                   £m               £m
Salaries and short-term employee benefits                                                                                                         5.0               5.4
Compensation to directors for loss of office                                                                                                      0.4                 –
Pension costs                                                                                                                                     0.2               0.2
Share-based payments                                                                                                                              2.4               1.8
                                                                                                                                                  8.0               7.4

The Group considers key management personnel as defined in IAS 24 (Related Party Disclosures) to be the Directors of the Company and
the members of the Executive team.

The Executive Directors’ remuneration and their interests in shares of the Company are given on pages 114 to 138 in the Remuneration
Committee Report. The charge for share-based payments of £2.4m (2021: £1.8m) relates to the Group’s PSP, described in the Remuneration
Committee Report.

Directors’ short-term remuneration
                                                                                                                                                  2022             2021
                                                                                                                                                   £m               £m
Non-Executive Directors                                                                                                                           0.5               0.4
Executive Directors                                                                                                                               2.6               2.5
                                                                                                                                                  3.1               2.9




148 Diploma PLC Annual Report 2022
5. Financial expense, net
                                                                                                                             2022              2021
                                                                                                                              £m                £m
Interest (expense)/income and similar charges
– bank facility and commitment fees                                                                                         (1.0)             (0.5)
– interest income on short term deposits                                                                                     0.1                  –
– interest expense on bank borrowings                                                                                       (7.9)              (4.1)


                                                                                                                                                       Overview
– notional interest expense on the defined benefit pension scheme (note 24)                                                    –               (0.1)
– amortisation of capitalised borrowing fees                                                                                (0.2)             (0.3)
– interest on lease liabilities                                                                                             (2.6)              (1.8)
Net interest expense and similar charges                                                                                   (11.6)             (6.8)
– acquisition related finance charges                                                                                       (3.2)             (0.9)
Financial expense, net                                                                                                     (14.8)             (7.7)

Acquisition related finance charges includes fair value remeasurements of put options for future minority purchases of £1.4m debit
(2021: £0.1m debit), unwind of discount on acquisition liabilities of £0.4m debit (2021: £nil), and £1.4m debit (2021: £0.8m debit) for the
amortisation of capitalised borrowing fees on acquisition related borrowings.




                                                                                                                                                       Strategic Report
6. Tax expense
                                                                                                                             2022              2021
                                                                                                                              £m                £m
Current tax
The tax charge is based on the profit for the year and comprises:
  UK corporation tax                                                                                                        10.0               5.5
  Overseas tax                                                                                                              30.8              21.5
                                                                                                                            40.8              27.0
Adjustments in respect of prior year:




                                                                                                                                                       Corporate Governance
  UK corporation tax                                                                                                        (0.2)              2.1
  Overseas tax                                                                                                               0.1               0.5
Total current tax                                                                                                           40.7              29.6
Deferred tax
The net deferred tax credit based on the origination and reversal of timing differences comprises:
  United Kingdom                                                                                                             (3.1)             (1.9)
  Overseas                                                                                                                  (3.5)             (0.8)
Total deferred tax                                                                                                          (6.6)             (2.7)
Total tax on profit for the year                                                                                            34.1              26.9




                                                                                                                                                       Financial Statements
In addition to the above credit for deferred tax included in the Consolidated Income Statement, a net deferred tax charge relating to the
retirement benefit scheme and cash flow hedges of £3.9m was debited (2021: £0.9m debit) to the Consolidated Statement of
Comprehensive Income. A further £0.4m was credited (2021: £1.0m credit) to the Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity, comprising
current tax of £0.4m (2021: £0.8m) with nil deferred tax in the current year (2021: £0.2m), the prior year relates to share-based payments.

Factors affecting the tax charge for the year
The difference between the total tax charge calculated by applying the effective rate of UK corporation tax of 19.0% to the profit before tax
of £129.5m and the amount set out above is as follows:
                                                                                                                             2022              2021
                                                                                                                              £m                £m
Profit before tax                                                                                                          129.5              96.6




                                                                                                                                                       Other Information
Tax on profit at UK effective corporation tax rate of 19.0% (2021: 19.0%)                                                   24.6              18.4
Effects of:
– higher tax rates on overseas earnings                                                                                      6.7               4.7
– adjustments in respect of prior years                                                                                     (0.1)              2.6
– change to future tax rate in the United Kingdom                                                                              –               0.5
– other permanent differences                                                                                                2.9               0.7
Total tax on profit for the year                                                                                            34.1              26.9

The Group earns its profits in the UK and overseas. The Group prepares its consolidated financial statements for the year to 30 September
and the statutory tax rate for UK corporation tax in respect of the year ended 30 September 2022 was 19.0% (2021: 19.0%) and this rate has
been used for tax on profit in the above reconciliation.

The Group’s net overseas tax rate is higher than that in the UK, primarily because profits earned in the US, Canada, Germany and Australia
are taxed at higher rates than the UK. The UK deferred tax assets and liabilities at 30 September 2022 have been calculated by reference to
the future UK corporation tax rate of 25.0% (2021: 25.0%), as substantively enacted to be effective from 1 April 2023.
149 Diploma PLC Annual Report 2022
NOTE S TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FO R TH E Y E A R EN D ED 30 SEP TEM B ER 2022
CO NTI N U ED




At 30 September 2022, the Group had outstanding tax liabilities of £11.8m (2021: £10.0m) of which £1.9m (2021: £2.7m) related to UK tax
liabilities and £9.9m (2021: £7.3m) related to overseas tax liabilities. These amounts are expected to be paid within the next financial year.

During 2021, the OECD published a framework for the introduction of a global minimum effective tax rate of 15%, applicable to large
multinational groups. On 20 July 2022, HM Treasury released draft legislation to implement these ‘Pillar 2’ rules with effect for accounting
periods beginning on or after 31 December 2023. The Group is reviewing these draft rules to understand any potential impact.

7. Dividends
                                                                                              2022               2021       2022             2021
                                                                                   pence per share    pence per share        £m               £m
Interim dividend, paid in June                                                               15.0               12.5       18.7             15.6
Final dividend of the prior year, paid in February                                           30.1              30.0        37.5             37.3
                                                                                             45.1              42.5        56.2             52.9

The Directors have proposed a final dividend in respect of the current year of 38.8p per share (2021: 30.1p), which will be paid on 3 February
2023 subject to approval by shareholders at the Annual General Meeting (AGM) on 18 January 2023. The total dividend for the current year,
subject to approval of the final dividend, will be 53.8p per share (2021: 42.6p).

The Diploma PLC Employee Benefit Trust holds 71,033 (2021: 90,640) shares, which are ineligible for dividends.

8. Earnings per share
Basic and diluted earnings per share
Basic earnings per ordinary 5p share are calculated on the basis of the weighted average number of ordinary shares in issue during the year
of 124,533,060 (2021: 124,468,210) and the profit for the year attributable to shareholders of £94.7m (2021: £69.8m). Basic earnings per share
is 76.1p (2021: 56.1p). Diluted earnings per share is 75.9p (2021: 55.9p) and is based on the average number of ordinary shares (which includes
any potentially dilutive shares) of 124,855,007 (2021: 124,794,473).

Further description of the Company’s share capital is set out in note (e) to the Parent Company Financial Statements on page 178.

Adjusted earnings per share
Adjusted EPS, which is defined in note 27, is 107.5p (2021: 85.2p).
                                                                                              2022               2021       2022             2021
                                                                                   pence per share    pence per share        £m               £m
Profit before tax                                                                                                          129.5            96.6
Tax expense                                                                                                                (34.1)          (26.9)
Minority interests                                                                                                          (0.7)            0.1
Earnings for the year attributable to shareholders of the Company                            76.1               56.1        94.7            69.8
Acquisition related and other charges and acquisition related finance charges,
net of tax                                                                                   31.4              29.1        39.2             36.3
Adjusted earnings                                                                           107.5              85.2       133.9            106.1


9. Goodwill
                                                                                      Life Sciences             Seals    Controls           Total
                                                                                                £m                £m         £m               £m
At 30 September 2020                                                                         62.0               60.5        36.5          159.0
Acquisitions                                                                                 24.1                6.8        86.7           117.6
Disposals                                                                                    (3.8)                 –            –           (3.8)
Reclassification to held for sale                                                               –               (4.7)           –           (4.7)
Exchange adjustments                                                                         (0.9)              (2.6)        (3.9)          (7.4)
At 30 September 2021                                                                         81.4               60.0        119.3         260.7
Acquisitions                                                                                 19.0               56.8          5.2           81.0
Exchange adjustments                                                                          5.8                8.4         16.4          30.6
At 30 September 2022                                                                        106.2              125.2       140.9          372.3

The Group tests goodwill for impairment at least once a year. For the purposes of impairment testing, goodwill is allocated to each of the
Group’s three cash-generating units (CGUs), which are the three operating Sectors: Life Sciences; Seals; and Controls. This represents the
lowest level within the Group at which goodwill is monitored by management and reflects the Group’s strategy of acquiring businesses to
drive synergies across a Sector, rather than within an individual business. The impairment test requires a ‘value in use’ valuation to be
prepared for each Sector using discounted cash flow forecasts. The cash flow forecasts are based on a combination of annual budgets
prepared by each business and the Group’s strategic plan.




150 Diploma PLC Annual Report 2022
The key assumptions used to prepare the cash flow forecasts relate to operating margins, revenue growth rates, working capital
movements and the discount rate and climate related risks (based on an initial high level assessment which will be further refined in
FY 2023). The operating margins are assumed to remain sustainable, which is supported by historical experience; revenue growth rates
generally approximate to the average rates for the markets in which the business operates, unless there are particular factors relevant to
a business, such as start-ups; working capital movements are projected to remain consistent as a percentage of revenue. The cash flow
forecasts use the budgeted figures for 2023, and then the three-year strategy cash flows for the next two years. From year four onwards
a long-term growth rate of 2% is utilised.



                                                                                                                                                   Overview
The cash flow forecasts are discounted to determine a current valuation using market derived pre-tax discount rates; Life Sciences 13.9%
(2021: 10.6%), Seals 13.8% (2021: 11.3%) and Controls 13.8% (2021: 11.7%). These rates are based on the characteristics of lower risk, non-
technically driven, distribution businesses operating generally in well-developed markets and geographies and with robust capital
structures.

Based on the criteria set out above, no impairment in the value of goodwill in the CGUs was identified.

The Directors have also carried out sensitivity analysis on the key assumptions noted above to determine whether a ‘reasonably possible
adverse change’ in any of these assumptions would result in an impairment of goodwill. The analysis indicates that a ‘reasonably possible
adverse change’ would not give rise to an impairment charge to goodwill in any of the three CGUs.

10. Acquisition and other intangible assets




                                                                                                                                                   Strategic Report
                                                                                                          Trade            Total
                                                                                                        names,       acquisition         Other
                                                                       Customer          Supplier    brands and       intangible     intangible
                                                                    relationships   relationships     databases           assets         assets
                                                                              £m              £m             £m              £m             £m
Cost
At 1 October 2020                                                        150.8            29.5              2.9         183.2              7.6
Additions                                                                      –              –                –             –             1.4
Acquisitions                                                             264.4              1.0           41.4          306.8              0.2
Disposals                                                                   (1.5)          (1.0)            (1.1)         (3.6)           (0.9)
Reclassification to held for sale                                          (6.9)              –                –          (6.9)           (0.4)




                                                                                                                                                   Corporate Governance
Exchange adjustments                                                      (14.4)           (0.7)           (1.7)         (16.8)           (0.3)
At 30 September 2021                                                     392.4            28.8             41.5         462.7              7.6
Additions                                                                      –              –                –             –             1.0
Acquisitions                                                              96.2                –             3.7           99.9             0.8
Disposals                                                                      –              –                –             –             (1.1)
Exchange adjustments                                                       59.3             2.1             8.5           69.9             1.0
At 30 September 2022                                                     547.9            30.9            53.7          632.5              9.3
Amortisation
At 1 October 2020                                                          72.4            20.7            2.9           96.0              4.6




                                                                                                                                                   Financial Statements
Acquisitions                                                               14.6                 –           4.1           18.7                –
Charge for the year                                                         12.7              1.7             –           14.4              0.7
Disposals                                                                   (1.5)           (1.0)          (1.1)          (3.6)           (0.7)
Reclassification to held for sale                                          (5.4)                –             –           (5.4)            (0.1)
Exchange adjustments                                                       (2.0)            (0.3)             –           (2.3)           (0.3)
At 30 September 2021                                                       90.8              21.1          5.9           117.8              4.2
Acquisitions                                                                 3.6                –          0.4             4.0                –
Charge for the year                                                        32.0               1.8          4.6           38.4              0.8
                                                                                                                             –            (0.4)




                                                                                                                                                   Other Information
Disposals                                                                      –                –             –
Exchange adjustments                                                        13.7              1.7           1.9           17.3             0.6
At 30 September 2022                                                      140.1            24.6           12.8           177.5              5.2
Net book value
At 30 September 2022                                                     407.8              6.3           40.9          455.0               4.1
At 30 September 2021                                                     301.6               7.7          35.6          344.9               3.4

Acquisition intangible assets relate to items acquired through business combinations which are fair-valued and amortised over their useful
economic lives.
                                                                                                                                   Economic life
Customer relationships                                                                                                             5–15 years
Supplier relationships                                                                                                             8–10 years
Trade names, brands and databases                                                                                                  5–11 years

151   Diploma PLC Annual Report 2022
NOTE S TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FO R TH E Y E A R EN D ED 30 SEP TEM B ER 2022
CO NTI N U ED




Customer relationships principally relate to: Windy City Wire (£193.0m – 14 years useful life remaining), R&G (£43.9m – 15 years useful life
remaining) and VSP (£30.5m – 7 years useful life remaining). Trade names and brands mainly relates to Windy City Wire (£32.4m – 10 years
useful life remaining).

Other intangible assets comprise computer software that is separately identifiable from IT equipment and includes software licences.

11. Property, plant and equipment
                                                                          Freehold       Leasehold        Plant and    Hospital field
                                                                         properties      properties      equipment       equipment            Total
                                                                               £m              £m                £m               £m            £m
Cost
At 1 October 2020                                                            13.8             5.4            32.3               11.8          63.3
Additions                                                                        –            0.5              2.4               2.0            4.9
Acquisitions of businesses                                                       –            2.3             19.1              0.4           21.8
Disposals                                                                    (3.3)           (0.2)           (2.7)              (1.4)          (7.6)
Reclassification to held for sale                                            (8.0)               –           (2.6)                 –         (10.6)
Exchange adjustments                                                         (0.6)           (0.2)            (1.6)                –          (2.4)
At 30 September 2021                                                           1.9            7.8            46.9              12.8           69.4
Additions                                                                        –            2.2              5.3              6.8           14.3
Acquisitions of businesses (note 21)                                           1.5            2.5              2.7                 –            6.7
Disposals                                                                        –           (0.4)           (3.2)              (1.4)         (5.0)
Exchange adjustments                                                          0.2              1.1             9.5               1.5          12.3
At 30 September 2022                                                          3.6            13.2            61.2              19.7           97.7
Depreciation
At 1 October 2020                                                              5.3            3.0            20.8               6.3          35.4
Charge for the year                                                            0.4              1.1           5.9               1.8           9.2
Disposals                                                                     (1.6)           (0.1)          (2.6)             (1.2)         (5.5)
Reclassifications to held for sale                                            (3.0)               –           (1.5)               –          (4.5)
Exchange adjustments                                                          (0.2)               –          (0.3)             (0.1)         (0.6)
At 30 September 2021                                                           0.9            4.0            22.3               6.8          34.0
Charge for the year                                                            0.1             1.0             7.1              2.2          10.4
Disposals                                                                        –           (0.3)           (2.7)             (0.7)         (3.7)
Exchange adjustments                                                           0.1            0.5             6.0               0.8           7.4
At 30 September 2022                                                           1.1            5.2            32.7               9.1          48.1
Net book value
At 30 September 2022                                                          2.5             8.0            28.5              10.6          49.6
At 30 September 2021                                                          1.0             3.8            24.6               6.0          35.4

Land included within freehold properties above which is not depreciated is £2.7m (2021: £2.7m). Capital commitments contracted, but not
provided, were £0.2m (2021: £0.8m).

Freehold properties include ca. 150 acres of land at Stamford (the Stamford Land) that comprises mostly farm land and former quarry land.
The Group has entered into a Promotion and Option Agreement with Larkfleet Limited (Larkfleet) in respect of the Stamford Land. Under
the terms of the Agreement, Larkfleet promotes the site through the planning system. If satisfactory planning permission is granted,
Larkfleet has an option to purchase up to 60% of the residential development land. The remaining land will be sold by the Group on the
open market at a time of its choosing.

The initial planning promotion period is six years, but this can be extended by Larkfleet to ten years if they pay an extension fee. If planning
permission has been granted, the Agreement extends for up to ten years to allow for marketing and disposal of all of the land benefiting
from planning permission to be completed.

The Stamford Land falls within the Stamford North Urban Extension (SNUE) proposal which sits within the local authority areas of South
Kesteven District Council (SKDC) in Lincolnshire and Rutland County Council (RCC). The SNUE is a major allocation within the SKDC
Adopted Local Plan and is a proposed major allocation within the RCC Draft Local Plan, which is currently at the Regulation 19 stage.
Various planning applications in respect of the Stamford Land have been submitted in the second half of FY 2021 and during the current
year, and we are awaiting formal notification of any further developments.

In the Directors’ opinion, the current fair value of its land at 30 September 2022 is £1.0m (2021: £1.0m) with a book value of £nil (2021: £nil).




152 Diploma PLC Annual Report 2022
12. Leases – right-of-use assets and lease liabilities
Right-of-use assets
                                                                         Land &         Plant &            Motor     IT & office
                                                                       buildings      machinery          vehicles   equipment          Total
                                                                             £m             £m                £m             £m          £m
Cost
At 1 October 2020                                                         34.3             0.5               3.3           0.8         38.9
Additions                                                                 24.9              0.1              1.6           0.3         26.9


                                                                                                                                                Overview
Disposals                                                                 (2.2)               –            (0.4)              –        (2.6)
Reclassification to held for sale                                         (0.7)               –            (0.2)              –        (0.9)
Exchange adjustments                                                      (0.6)               –             (0.1)             –        (0.7)
At 30 September 2021                                                      55.7             0.6               4.2            1.1        61.6
Additions                                                                 19.8             0.2              4.9            0.5         25.4
Disposals                                                                  (1.1)              –            (0.9)              –        (2.0)
Exchange adjustments                                                       6.7                –              0.1           0.1          6.9
At 30 September 2022                                                      81.1             0.8              8.3            1.7         91.9
Depreciation




                                                                                                                                                Strategic Report
At 1 October 2020                                                           5.8             0.1              1.2           0.2           7.3
Charge for the year                                                         9.0             0.1              1.4           0.3         10.8
Disposals                                                                 (0.6)               –            (0.2)             –         (0.8)
Reclassification to held for sale                                         (0.4)               –             (0.1)            –         (0.5)
Exchange adjustments                                                       (0.1)              –                –             –          (0.1)
At 30 September 2021                                                       13.7            0.2               2.3           0.5         16.7
Charge for the year                                                        10.7             0.1              1.5           0.4         12.7
Disposals                                                                 (0.5)               –            (0.8)             –         (1.3)
Exchange adjustments                                                        1.4               –                –             –           1.4




                                                                                                                                                Corporate Governance
At 30 September 2022                                                      25.3             0.3              3.0            0.9         29.5
Net book value
At 30 September 2022                                                      55.8             0.5              5.3            0.8         62.4
At 30 September 2021                                                      42.0             0.4               1.9           0.6         44.9

Right-of-use assets represent those assets held under leases which IFRS 16 requires to be capitalised.

During the year, a property in Switzerland was sold and leased back as part of the Group’s operational strategy on a lease of 15 years. Cash
proceeds of £9.6m have been received and a gain of £1.5m has been recognised within administration costs.




                                                                                                                                                Financial Statements
Lease liabilities
The movement on the lease liability is set out below:
                                                                                                                          2022          2021
                                                                                                                           £m            £m
At 1 October                                                                                                            48.3           33.7
Additions                                                                                                                26.6          26.9
Disposals                                                                                                                (0.9)          (1.9)
Lease repayments                                                                                                        (13.5)         (11.3)
Interest on lease liabilities                                                                                             2.6            1.8
Reclassifications to held for sale                                                                                          –          (0.3)




                                                                                                                                                Other Information
Exchange movements                                                                                                        6.0          (0.6)
At 30 September                                                                                                          69.1          48.3

Analysed as:                                                                                                                £m           £m
Repayable within one year                                                                                                12.7           9.7
Repayable after one year                                                                                                 56.4          38.6

Leases of low-value assets and short-term leases are accounted for applying paragraph 6 of IFRS 16. Lease costs of £2.0m (2021: £2.4m) in
respect of low-value assets, short-term leases, and variable lease payments not included in the measurement of lease liabilities have been
recognised within administration costs. The total cash outflow in respect of leases was £15.5m (2021: £13.7m).




153 Diploma PLC Annual Report 2022
NOTE S TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FO R TH E Y E A R EN D ED 30 SEP TEM B ER 2022
CO NTI N U ED




13. Deferred tax
The movement on deferred tax is as follows:
                                                                                                                               2022                2021
                                                                                                                                £m                  £m
At 1 October                                                                                                                  (21.9)           (7.9)
Credit for the year (note 6)                                                                                                    6.6             2.7
Acquisitions, disposals and transfers to assets held for sale                                                                 (17.6)          (16.6)
Accounted for in Other Comprehensive Income or directly in Equity                                                              (3.9)           (0.7)
Exchange adjustments                                                                                                           (1.4)            0.6
At 30 September                                                                                                              (38.2)           (21.9)

Deferred tax assets and liabilities are only offset where there is a legally enforceable right of offset and there is an intention to settle the
balances on a net basis.
                                                                     Assets                           Liabilities                      Net
                                                              2022             2021            2022                  2021      2022                2021
                                                               £m               £m              £m                    £m        £m                  £m
Property, plant and equipment                                 0.1               0.4           (5.8)                  (5.8)    (5.7)            (5.4)
Goodwill and intangible assets                                  –                  –        (42.0)                  (26.6)   (42.0)           (26.6)
Retirement benefit assets/obligations                           –               2.2           (1.0)                     –     (1.0)             2.2
Inventories                                                   3.1               2.8           (0.1)                  (0.2)     3.0              2.6
Share-based payments                                          1.4                1.1             –                      –      1.4               1.1
Trading losses                                                  –                  –             –                      –        –                 –
Leases                                                        1.2               0.8              –                      –      1.2              0.8
Other temporary differences                                   5.1               3.7           (0.2)                  (0.3)     4.9              3.4
                                                             10.9              11.0          (49.1)                 (32.9)   (38.2)           (21.9)
Deferred tax offset                                         (10.7)            (10.6)          10.7                   10.6        –                 –
                                                              0.2               0.4         (38.4)                  (22.3)   (38.2)           (21.9)

No deferred tax has been provided on unremitted earnings of overseas Group companies as the Group controls the dividend policies of its
subsidiaries. Unremitted earnings may be liable to overseas withholding tax (after allowing for double taxation relief) if they were to be
distributed as dividends. The aggregate amount for which deferred tax has not been recognised in respect of unremitted earnings from
overseas businesses of £184.9m (2021: £157.3m) was £9.3m (2021: £8.0m).

14. Inventories
                                                                                                                               2022                2021
                                                                                                                                £m                  £m
Finished goods                                                                                                                217.4           139.8

Inventories are stated net of impairment provisions of £24.3m (2021: £15.8m). During the year £4.0m (2021: £2.0m) was recognised as a
charge against cost of sales, comprising the write-down of inventories to net realisable value.

15. Trade and other receivables and assets held for sale
                                                                                                                               2022                2021
                                                                                                                                £m                  £m
Trade receivables                                                                                                            158.9             112.0
Less: loss allowance                                                                                                           (7.2)            (3.6)
                                                                                                                              151.7           108.4
Other receivables                                                                                                               9.8              3.6
Prepayments and accrued income                                                                                                  8.4              5.8
                                                                                                                             169.9             117.8

Assets held for sale
There were no assets held for sale at 30 September 2022 (2021: £11.3m). Assets held for sale at 30 September 2021 comprised one operating
facility whereby the freehold property was sold and leased back to the business during the year and the Group’s 90% investment in Kentek Oy,
which was disposed of during the year, as explained in note 21.




154 Diploma PLC Annual Report 2022
The maximum exposure to credit risk for trade receivables at 30 September, by currency, was:
                                                                                                                          2022            2021
                                                                                                                           £m              £m
UK sterling                                                                                                              41.3             26.3
US dollars                                                                                                               70.1            48.4
Canadian dollars                                                                                                         12.6               8.9
Euros                                                                                                                    18.0              11.4


                                                                                                                                                  Overview
Other                                                                                                                    16.9              17.0
                                                                                                                        158.9            112.0

Trade receivables, before loss allowance, are analysed as follows:
                                                                                                                          2022            2021
                                                                                                                           £m              £m
Not past due                                                                                                            124.9             92.9
Past due                                                                                                                 26.8             15.5
Receivables impaired                                                                                                      7.2              3.6
                                                                                                                        158.9            112.0




                                                                                                                                                  Strategic Report
The ageing of trade receivables classified as past due, but not impaired, is as follows:
                                                                                                                          2022            2021
                                                                                                                           £m              £m
Up to one month past due                                                                                                 20.7             12.4
Between one and two months past due                                                                                       4.5              2.4
Between two and four months past due                                                                                      1.6              0.7
Over four months past due                                                                                                   –                –
                                                                                                                         26.8             15.5

The movement in the loss allowance for impairment of trade receivables is as follows:




                                                                                                                                                  Corporate Governance
                                                                                                                          2022            2021
                                                                                                                           £m              £m
At 1 October                                                                                                              3.6             1.2
Charged against profit, net                                                                                               3.4             1.3
Set up on acquisition                                                                                                     0.6             1.5
Utilised by write-off                                                                                                    (0.4)           (0.4)
At 30 September                                                                                                           7.2             3.6

Concentrations of credit risk with respect to trade receivables are very limited, reflecting the Group’s customer base being large and diverse.
The Group has a history of low levels of losses in respect of trade receivables. Management is satisfied that the loss allowance takes into




                                                                                                                                                  Financial Statements
account the historical loss experience and forward-looking expected credit losses in line with IFRS 9 (Financial Instruments).

16. Trade and other payables
                                                                                                                          2022            2021
                                                                                                                           £m              £m
Trade payables                                                                                                           96.4             74.5
Other payables                                                                                                           25.8              9.0
Other taxes and social security                                                                                           11.0             6.8
Accruals and deferred income                                                                                             56.3             36.7
                                                                                                                        189.5            127.0




                                                                                                                                                  Other Information
The maximum exposure to foreign currency risk for trade payables at 30 September, by currency, was:
                                                                                                                          2022            2021
                                                                                                                           £m              £m
UK sterling                                                                                                              24.1            20.9
US dollars                                                                                                               50.2            36.3
Canadian dollars                                                                                                          0.8             0.5
Euros                                                                                                                     14.1           14.7
Other                                                                                                                      7.2            2.1
                                                                                                                         96.4            74.5




155 Diploma PLC Annual Report 2022
NOTE S TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FO R TH E Y E A R EN D ED 30 SEP TEM B ER 2022
CO NTI N U ED




17. Cash and cash equivalents
                                                                                  2022                                                        2021
                                    UK       US$       C$       Euro    Other     Total       UK       US$       C$      Euro      Other     Total
                                    £m       £m        £m        £m       £m        £m        £m       £m        £m       £m         £m        £m
Cash at bank                      15.2       7.1       2.3      7.8       6.4     38.8       8.5       2.5      0.6       5.6       3.8      21.0
Short-term deposits                  –       0.1       1.8        –       1.0      2.9         –       0.9      1.3         –       1.6       3.8
                                  15.2       7.2       4.1      7.8       7.4     41.7       8.5       3.4      1.9       5.6       5.4      24.8

The short-term deposits and cash at bank are both interest bearing at rates linked to the UK base rate, or equivalent rate.

18. Financial instruments
The Group’s overall management of financial risks is carried out by a central treasury team under policies and procedures which are
reviewed and approved by the Board. The treasury team identifies, evaluates and, where appropriate, hedges financial risks in close
cooperation with the Group’s operating businesses. The treasury team does not undertake speculative foreign exchange dealings for which
there is no underlying exposure.

The Group’s principal financial instruments, other than a number of forward foreign currency and fixed interest rate contracts, comprise
cash and short-term deposits, trade and other receivables and trade and other payables, borrowings and other liabilities. Trade and other
receivables and trade and other payables arise directly from the Group’s day‑to‑day operations.

The financial risks to which the Group is exposed are those of credit, liquidity, foreign currency, interest rate and capital management. An
explanation of each of these risks, how the Group manages these risks and an analysis of sensitivities is set out below.

a) Credit risk
Credit risk is the risk of financial loss to the Group if a customer or counterparty to a financial instrument fails to meet its contractual
obligations; this arises principally from the Group’s trade and other receivables from customers and from cash balances (including deposits)
held with financial institutions.

The Group is exposed to customers ranging from government backed agencies and large public and private wholesalers, to small privately
owned businesses and the underlying local economic risks vary throughout the world. Trade receivable exposures are managed locally in the
operating units where they arise and credit limits are set as deemed appropriate for each customer.

The Group establishes a loss allowance that represents its estimate of potential losses in respect of specific trade and other receivables
where it is deemed that a receivable may not be recoverable (see below) and considers factors which may impact risk of default. Where
appropriate, we have grouped these receivables with the same overall risk characteristics. When the receivable is deemed irrecoverable, the
provision is written off against the underlying receivable. During the year, the Group had no significant unrecoverable trade receivables.

Exposure to counterparty credit risk with financial institutions is controlled by the Group treasury team which establishes and monitors
counterparty limits. Centrally managed funds are invested entirely with counterparties whose credit rating is ‘AA’ or better. There are no
significant concentrations of credit risk. There has been no historical or expected credit loss on cash and cash equivalents.

The Group’s maximum exposure to credit risk was as follows:
                                                                                                                                Carrying amount
                                                                                                                            2022                2021
                                                                                                                             £m                  £m
Trade receivables                                                                                                          151.7            108.4
Other receivables                                                                                                            9.8              3.6
Cash and cash equivalents                                                                                                   41.7             24.8
                                                                                                                          203.2             136.8

There is no material difference between the book value of the financial assets and their fair value at each reporting date. An analysis of the
ageing and currency of trade receivables and the associated loss allowance is set out in note 15. An analysis of cash and cash equivalents is
set out in note 17.

Impairment of financial assets
The Group applies the IFRS 9 simplified approach to measuring expected credit losses which uses a lifetime expected loss allowance for all
trade receivables and accrued income.

The expected loss rates are based on the payment profiles of revenues over a period of 96 months ended 30 September 2022 and the
corresponding historical credit losses experienced within this period. The historical loss rates are adjusted to reflect current and forward-
looking information including macroeconomic factors by obtaining and reviewing relevant market data affecting the ability of the
customers to settle the receivables.

The Group has identified the current health of the economy (such as market interest rates and growth rates), of the countries in which it
sells its goods to be the most relevant factors and accordingly adjusts the historical loss rates based on expected changes in these factors.
An increase in credit risk is presumed if a debtor is more than 30 days past due in making a contractual payment. Where objective evidence
exists that a trade receivable balance may be impaired, provision is made for the difference between its carrying amount and the present
value of the estimated cash that will be recovered.


156 Diploma PLC Annual Report 2022
Evidence of impairment may include such factors as a change in credit risk profile of the customer, the customer being in default on a
contract, or the customer entering insolvent administration proceedings. All significant balances are reviewed individually on a monthly
basis for evidence of impairment.

b) Liquidity risk
Liquidity risk is the risk that the Group will not be able to meet its financial obligations as they fall due. The Group continually monitors
net cash and forecasts cash flows to ensure that sufficient resources are available to meet the Group’s requirements in the short, medium
and long term. Additionally, compliance with bank covenants is monitored regularly and during 2022 all bank covenant tests were complied


                                                                                                                                                   Overview
with. The applicable financial covenants are interest cover and leverage, whereby EBITDA must be at least 4x net finance charges
(as defined by the SFA); and the ratio of net debt to EBITDA must not exceed 3x.

On 13 October 2020, the Group entered into a debt facility agreement (SFA) which comprised a three-year term loan for an aggregate
principal amount of £136.0m ($170.0m) and a committed multi-currency revolving facility (RCF) for an aggregate principal amount of
£135.0m, which was increased to £185.0m during the previous financial year.

During the year the Group has amended the SFA to increase the total facility size. As at 30 September 2022 the SFA comprises a committed
multi-currency revolving facility (RCF) for an aggregate principal amount of £359.7m, an amortising term loan for an aggregate principal
amount of £114.2m ($127.5m), a bullet term loan for an aggregate principal amount of £59.1m ($66.0m) and a further bullet term loan for an
aggregate principal amount of £45.3m. The SFA is due to expire in December 2024 and there is an option to extend for a further 12-month




                                                                                                                                                   Strategic Report
period.

The Group’s debt facilities are subject to interest at variable rates. During the year the Group entered into interest rate swap contracts with
the effect of fixing the interest rate on $100.0m (£89.6m) of debt. The effective fixed rate debt was 24% of total debt. Subsequent to year end,
the Group has entered into further interest rate swap contracts with the effect of fixing the interest rate on an additional $100.0m of debt.

At 30 September 2022, the Group’s Net Debt/EBITDA position is 1.4x, as illustrated in note 27.

The undrawn committed facilities available at 30 September are as follows:
                                                                                                                            2022           2021
                                                                                                                             £m             £m
Expiring within one year                                                                                                      –              –




                                                                                                                                                   Corporate Governance
Expiring after one year                                                                                                   204.0           89.9

The Group’s undiscounted financial liabilities are as follows:
                                                                                                                            2022           2021
                                                                                                                             £m             £m
Trade payables                                                                                                             96.4           74.5
Other payables                                                                                                             25.8            9.0
Other liabilities                                                                                                          35.0           25.3
Borrowings                                                                                                                370.6          212.7
                                                                                                                          527.8          321.5




                                                                                                                                                   Financial Statements
The maturities of the undiscounted financial liabilities are as follows:
Less than one year                                                                                                         171.7         116.5
One to two years                                                                                                           48.7           28.3
Two to five years                                                                                                         307.4          176.7
                                                                                                                          527.8          321.5

There is no material difference between the book value of these financial liabilities and their fair value at each reporting date.

c) Currency risk
The Group’s principal currency risk comprises translational and transactional risk from its exposure to movements in US dollars, Canadian




                                                                                                                                                   Other Information
dollars and Euros. The transactional exposure arises on trade receivables, trade payables and cash and cash equivalents and these balances
are analysed by currency in notes 15, 16 and 17, respectively.

The Group holds forward foreign exchange contracts in certain of the Group’s businesses to hedge forecast transactional exposure to
movements in the US dollar, Euro, UK Sterling, Swedish Krona and Japanese Yen. These forward foreign exchange contracts are classified as
cash flow hedges and are stated at fair value. The notional value of forward contracts as at 30 September 2022 was £35.0m (2021: £46.0m).
The net fair value of forward foreign exchange contracts used as hedges at 30 September 2022 was £1.3m asset (2021: £0.3m asset).

For hedges of foreign currency transactions, the Group enters into hedge relationships where the critical terms of the hedging instrument
match with the terms of the hedged item, ineffectiveness may arise if the timing of the forecast transaction changes from what was
originally estimated, or if there are changes in the credit risk of the derivative counterparty. The amount removed from Other
Comprehensive Income and taken to the Consolidated Income Statement in cost of sales during the year was £0.4m debit (2021: £0.1m
credit). The change in the fair value of cash flow hedges taken to Other Comprehensive Income during the year was £1.4m credit (2021:
£0.4m credit).



157 Diploma PLC Annual Report 2022
NOTE S TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FO R TH E Y E A R EN D ED 30 SEP TEM B ER 2022
CO NTI N U ED




Management considers that the most significant foreign exchange risk relates to the US dollar, Canadian dollar and Euro. The Group’s
sensitivity to a 10% strengthening in UK sterling against each of these currencies (with all other variables held constant) is as follows:
                                                                                                                                  2022             2021
                                                                                                                                   £m               £m
Decrease in adjusted operating profit (at average rates)
US dollar: UK sterling                                                                                                           10.3               7.1
Canadian dollar: UK sterling                                                                                                      2.6              2.4
Euro: UK sterling                                                                                                                 1.7              1.6
Decrease in total equity (at spot rates)
US dollar: UK sterling                                                                                                           12.6              7.2
Canadian dollar: UK sterling                                                                                                     12.9             10.2
Euro: UK sterling                                                                                                                 5.4              3.2

d) Interest rate risk
Interest rate risk is the risk that changes in interest rates will affect the Group’s results. The Group’s interest rate risk arises primarily from its
cash funds and borrowings. The Group uses interest rate swaps to hedge a proportion of the external borrowings. These interest rate swaps
are classified as cash flow hedges and are stated at fair value. The notional value of interest rate swap contracts as at 30 September 2022
was £89.6m (2021: nil). The net fair value of interest rate swap contracts used as hedges at 30 September 2022 was £3.1m asset (2021: nil)
and is included within Trade and other receivables on the balance sheet. The amount removed from Other Comprehensive Income and
taken to the Consolidated Income Statement in finance costs during the year was nil (2021: nil). The change in the fair value of cash flow
hedges taken to Other Comprehensive Income during the year was £3.1m credit (2021: nil).

All cash deposits, held in the UK and overseas, are held on a short-term basis at floating rates or overnight rates, based on the relevant
UK base rate, or equivalent rate. Surplus funds are deposited with commercial banks that meet the credit criteria approved by the Board,
for periods of between one and six months at rates that are generally fixed by reference to the relevant UK base rate, or equivalent rate.

An increase of 1% in interest rates would have a ca. £1.4m (2021: £2.0m) impact on adjusted profit before tax. The impact of interest rate
movements has moderated against the prior year due to the fixed interest rate swap contracts entered into in the year.

e) Fair values
There are no material differences between the book value of financial assets and liabilities and their fair value. The basis for determining fair
values are as follows:

Derivatives
Forward exchange contracts are designated as level 2 assets (in the ‘fair value hierarchy’) and valued at year end forward rates,
adjusted for the forward points to the contract’s value date with gains and losses taken to equity. No contract’s maturity date is
greater than 18 months from the year end.

For hedges of foreign currency transactions, the Group enters into hedge relationships where the critical terms of the hedging instrument
match with the terms of the hedged item, ineffectiveness may arise if the timing of the forecast transaction changes from what was
originally estimated, or if there are changes in the credit risk of the derivative counterparty.

Interest rate swap contracts are designated as level 2 assets (in the ‘fair value hierarchy’) and valued at year end as the net present value
of the cashflows using current forward market interest rates, with gains and losses taken to equity.

The Group enters into interest rate swaps that have similar critical terms as the hedged item, such as reference rate, payment dates,
maturities and notional amount. The Group has established a hedge ratio of 1:1 for the hedging relationships as the underlying risk of the
interest rate swap is identical to the hedged risk component. The hedge ineffectiveness can arise from differences in timing or cash flows of
the hedged item and hedging instrument, or the counterparties’ credit risk differently impacting the fair value movements of the hedging
instrument and hedged item.

Trade and other receivables/payables
As the receivables/payables have a remaining life of less than one year, the book value is deemed to reflect the fair value.

Borrowings
The fair value of the borrowings equate to the book value.

Other liabilities
The carrying amount represents a discounted value of the expected liability which is deemed to reflect the fair value and are designated
as level 3 assets (in the ‘fair value hierarchy’).

f) Capital management risk
The Group’s capital structure comprises the retained earnings reserve (£375.1m), cash funds (£41.7m) and medium-term bank borrowing
facilities. The Group’s objective when managing capital is to safeguard its ability to continue as a going concern and to maintain robust
capital ratios to support the development of the business including executing acquisitions and providing strong returns to shareholders.



158 Diploma PLC Annual Report 2022
In order to maintain or adjust the capital structure, the Group may change the amount of dividends paid to shareholders, return capital to
shareholders, issue new shares or increase bank borrowings.

19. Other liabilities
                                                                                                                          2022             2021
                                                                                                                           £m               £m
Future purchases of minority interests                                                                                    7.4              5.2
Deferred consideration                                                                                                   24.0             18.5


                                                                                                                                                  Overview
                                                                                                                         31.4             23.7
Analysed as:
Due within one year                                                                                                       19.0            11.7
Due after one year                                                                                                        12.4            12.0

The movement in the liability for future purchases of minority interests is as follows:
                                                                                                                          2022             2021
                                                                                                                           £m               £m
At 1 October                                                                                                               5.2             4.2
Minority interest put options arising on acquisition                                                                       1.9             0.9




                                                                                                                                                  Strategic Report
Minority interest put options removed on disposal                                                                         (1.2)
Exchange movements                                                                                                         0.1               –
Fair value remeasurements                                                                                                  1.4             0.1
At 30 September                                                                                                            7.4             5.2

At 30 September 2022, the Group’s minority interests retained put options to sell their minority interests of 10% in M Seals, 5% in Techsil,
as well as 2% of R&G Fluid Power Group Limited (R&G), following its acquisition as described in note 21. The acquisition of R&G has resulted
in the recognition of a put option liability on acquisition of £1.9m.

During the year, the Group disposed of Kentek Oy, and therefore the liability for future purchase of minority interests in respect of Kentek
has been de-recognised (£1.2m).




                                                                                                                                                  Corporate Governance
At 30 September 2022, the estimate of the financial liability to acquire these outstanding minority shareholdings was reassessed by the
Directors, based on their current estimate of the future performance of these businesses and to reflect foreign exchange rates at
30 September 2022. This led to a remeasurement of the options and the liability increased by £1.4m (2021: £0.1m increase) reflecting
a revised estimate of the future performance of these businesses and in aggregate, £1.4m (2021: debit £0.1m) has been debited to the
Consolidated Income Statement in respect of this remeasurement of the liability.

Deferred consideration comprises the following:
                                                                                                                        Foreign
                                         1 Oct 2021      Additions   Discount unwind      Revaluation   Payments      Exchange      30 Sep 2022
                                                £m             £m                £m               £m         £m             £m              £m
Sphere                                        1.0              –                  –                –       (1.0)             –              –




                                                                                                                                                  Financial Statements
HSP                                            0.1             –                  –                –        (0.1)            –              –
S&W                                           3.5              –                  –            (0.5)       (3.0)             –              –
FITT                                          2.2              –                  –                –       (2.2)             –              –
PDI                                           0.7              –                  –             (0.1)      (0.6)             –              –
Biospecifix                                   0.4              –                  –                –        (0.1)            –            0.3
Kungshusen                                    5.4              –               0.2                 –           –          (0.2)           5.4
Techsil                                        1.1             –                0.1                –           –             –            1.2
AHW                                            4.1             –                0.1                –           –           0.7            4.9
R&G                                              –           8.7                  –                –        (0.1)            –            8.6




                                                                                                                                                  Other Information
AMG Sealing                                      –           0.5                  –                –           –             –            0.5
Hydraproducts                                    –           0.5                  –                –           –             –            0.5
ACT                                              –           2.3                  –                –           –             –            2.3
Silicone Solutions                               –           0.3                  –                –           –             –            0.3
                                             18.5           12.3               0.4             (0.6)        (7.1)          0.5           24.0


Deferred consideration of £8.7m added in respect of R&G includes £1.3m relating to bolt-on acquisitions completed by R&G prior to
acquisition by Diploma.




159 Diploma PLC Annual Report 2022
NOTE S TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FO R TH E Y E A R EN D ED 30 SEP TEM B ER 2022
CO NTI N U ED




20. Minority interests
                                                                                                                                              £m
At 1 October 2020                                                                                                                            3.7
Acquisition of business                                                                                                                     0.9
Minority interest issued                                                                                                                    0.7
Share of profit                                                                                                                             (0.1)
Dividends paid                                                                                                                             (0.3)
Exchange adjustments                                                                                                                       (0.2)
At 30 September 2021                                                                                                                        4.7
Acquisition of business                                                                                                                      2.5
Minority interest acquired                                                                                                                 (0.3)
Disposal of business                                                                                                                        (1.3)
Share of profit                                                                                                                             0.7
Dividends paid                                                                                                                             (0.2)
Exchange adjustments                                                                                                                         0.1
At 30 September 2022                                                                                                                        6.2

External shareholders, represented by management in each business, hold a 10% minority interest in M Seals, a 5% minority interest in
Techsil, and a 2% minority interest in R&G.

The minority interest in R&G arose following the acquisition of R&G, as explained in note 21, and resulted in a £2.5m increase to the minority
interest. The disposal of Kentek Oy was completed on 16 November 2021 and resulted in a £1.3m reduction in the minority interest.

21. Acquisitions and disposals of businesses
Acquisition of R&G Fluid Power Group Limited
On 6 April 2022, the Group completed the acquisition of 98% of the share capital of R&G Fluid Power Group Limited (R&G), a value-added
aftermarket distributor of a diverse range of industrial, hydraulic and pneumatic products in the United Kingdom. The initial cash payment
was £91.7m, net of cash acquired of £1.7m. Deferred consideration of up to £7.4m is payable based on the acquired business achieving
certain performance targets in the period up to 31 December 2022.

Acquisition expenses of £2.3m have been recognised in FY 2022.

The provisional fair value of R&G net assets acquired excluding acquisition intangibles, related deferred tax, and cash is £13.3m following fair
value adjustments of £1.3m. The goodwill represents the technical expertise of the acquired workforce and the opportunity to leverage any
revenue synergies through cross-selling within other businesses. The principal fair value adjustments relate to an increase in the provisions
held against inventory (£0.6m) and recognition of a dilapidations provision (£0.5m). The intangible assets of £47.6m relates to customer
relationships (£43.9m) and brand (£3.7m).

Minority interests of £2.5m have been recognised at fair value upon acquisition of R&G, comprising the 2% minority interest held in R&G,
as well as the 10% minority interest stake in Pneumatic Services Limited, a company for which R&G owned 90% of the share capital at the
time of acquisition by the Group.

Acquisition of Accuscience
On 10 May 2022, the Group completed the acquisition of 100% of the share capital of Medilink Services (NI) Limited and Accu-Science
Ireland Limited, (collectively Accuscience) a market-leading life sciences and med-tech distributor in Ireland, for consideration of £49.9m
(€58.2m), net of cash acquired of £3.2m (€3.8m).

Acquisition expenses of £1.0m have been recognised in FY 2022.

The provisional fair value of Accuscience net assets acquired excluding acquisition intangibles, related deferred tax, and cash is
£2.2m (€2.3m) following fair value adjustments of £0.8m (€0.9m). The provisions held against inventory and trade receivables were
increased by £0.6m (€0.7m) and £0.2m (€0.2m), respectively.

Other acquisitions
The Group completed a further five other acquisitions during the year. This comprised the purchase of the trade and assets of Silicone
Solutions Limited (Silicone Solutions) (9 September 2022); 100% of the share capital of LJR Electronics, LLC (LJR) (2 February 2022),
Anti Corrosion Technology Pty Limited (ACT) (29 July 2022), Hydraproducts Limited (Hydraproducts) (12 May 2022) and AMG Sealing
Limited (AMG) (19 May 22).

The combined initial consideration for these acquisitions was £30.6m, net of cash acquired of £1.2m. Deferred consideration of up to £3.6m
is payable based on the performance of the businesses.

Acquisition expenses of £0.7m have been recognised in respect of these transactions in the financial year.




160 Diploma PLC Annual Report 2022
The provisional fair value of the combined net assets acquired excluding acquisition intangibles, related deferred tax, and cash is
£9.2m following fair value adjustments of £1.2m. Fair value adjustments principally relate to an increase in provisions held against inventory
of £0.9m.

The following table summarises the consideration paid for the acquisitions completed in the period and fair value of assets acquired and
liabilities assumed, with fair values being provisional pending completion of a final valuation. Given the limited time between the
acquisitions and signing of these accounts, the fair valuation of acquired assets and liabilities (principally intangible assets and working
capital provisions) is incomplete at the date of these financial statements.


                                                                                                                                                                                         Overview
During the year an additional £0.8m was paid out in relation to completion account adjustments on previous transactions.
                                                                       R&G                       Accuscience                        Others                            Total
                                                          Book value         Fair value   Book value       Fair value     Book value       Fair value    Book value       Fair value
                                                                 £m                 £m           £m               £m             £m               £m            £m               £m
Acquisition intangible assets1                                     –             47.6              –           33.1                –             17.5            –             98.2
Deferred tax                                                    (0.7)           (12.5)             –           (4.3)               –             (1.7)        (0.7)           (18.5)
Property, plant and equipment                                    5.9              5.9            0.7             0.7             0.1              0.1          6.7               6.7
Inventories                                                     14.4             13.8            4.7             4.1             9.1              8.2         28.2              26.1
Trade and other receivables                                     14.4             14.3            5.5             5.3             2.8              2.7         22.7             22.3




                                                                                                                                                                                         Strategic Report
Trade and other payables                                       (19.4)          (20.0)           (7.9)           (7.9)           (1.6)            (1.8)       (28.9)           (29.7)
Net assets acquired                                            14.6              49.1           3.0            31.0            10.4             25.0          28.0            105.1
Goodwill                                                           –             52.5              –           18.9                –              9.2            –             80.6
Minority interests                                                 –             (2.5)             –               –               –                –            –             (2.5)

Cash paid                                                                       93.4                            53.1                             31.8                         178.3
Cash acquired                                                                    (1.7)                          (3.2)                            (1.2)                          (6.1)
                                                                                 91.7                          49.9                             30.6                          172.2
Deferred consideration                                                            7.4                              –                              3.6                           11.0




                                                                                                                                                                                         Corporate Governance
Total investment                                                                99.12                          49.9                             34.2                          183.2
1 On the acquisitions completed in the current year, acquired intangibles relate to customer relationships (£94.5m) and brand (£3.7m).
2 Diploma acquired R&G on a cash free/debt free basis. The total investment amounts to £99.1m (being cash paid (net of cash acquired) of £91.7m and deferred consideration of
  £7.4m). Of the initial cash paid, the vendor directed the funds in escrow to settle outstanding debt of £11.7m. The table below details this flow of funds:
  		                              £m
  Total investment               99.1
  Debt settled                  (11.7)
  Net consideration             87.4


Acquisitions revenue and adjusted operating profit
From the date of acquisition to 30 September 2022, each acquired business contributed the following to Group revenue and adjusted




                                                                                                                                                                                         Financial Statements
operating profit:
                                                                                                                                                                          Pro forma
                                                                                                              Pro forma           Operating                               operating
                                                                        Revenue                  Adj.2          revenue               profit1                Adj.2             profit1
                                            Acquisition date                £m                    £m                 £m                 £m                    £m                 £m
LJR                                            2 Feb 2022                     10.8               5.4               16.2                 1.8                 0.9                  2.7
R&G                                            6 Apr 2022                    34.3              34.3               68.6                  4.8                 4.9                  9.7
Accuscience                                  10 May 2022                      10.6              17.6              28.2                  1.3                 2.0                  3.3
Hydraproducts                                12 May 2022                       1.6               2.5                4.1                 0.4                 0.6                  1.0
AMG                                          19 May 2022                       0.5               0.9                1.4                 0.1                 0.2                  0.3
ACT                                          29 July 2022                      0.6               3.0                3.6                 0.3                  1.5                 1.8




                                                                                                                                                                                         Other Information
Silicone Solutions                            9 Sep 2022                       0.1               2.1                2.2                 0.0                 0.8                  0.8
                                                                             58.5              65.8              124.3                  8.7                10.9                 19.6
1 Adjusted operating profit.
2 Pro forma revenue and adjusted operating profit have been extrapolated (as prescribed under IFRS) from the results reported since acquisition to indicate what these businesses
  would have contributed if they had been acquired at the beginning of the financial year on 1 October 2021. These amounts should not be viewed as confirmation of the results of
  these businesses that would have occurred if these acquisitions had been completed at the beginning of the year.


Disposals
On 16 November 2021, the Group disposed of its 90% interest in Kentek Oy (Kentek) for proceeds of £10.0m. A charge of £1.6m has been
recognised within administration costs principally relating to the recycling of cumulative foreign currency translation losses arising on the
disposal of Kentek.

On 3 May 2022, the Group disposed of its 100% interest in a1-envirosciences Limited and a1-envirosciences GmbH (collectively a1-
envirosciences) for proceeds of £11.4m. A gain of £8.9m has been recognised within administration costs comprising the profit on disposal
of £8.7m and the recycling of cumulative foreign currency translation gains of £0.2m.


161   Diploma PLC Annual Report 2022
NOTE S TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FO R TH E Y E A R EN D ED 30 SEP TEM B ER 2022
CO NTI N U ED




22. Reconciliation of operating profit to cash flow from operating activities
                                                                                                                   2022               2022                 2021            2021
                                                                                                                    £m                 £m                   £m              £m
Operating profit                                                                                                                    144.3                               104.3
Acquisition related and other charges (note 2)                                                                                       46.9                                44.4
Adjusted operating profit                                                                                                            191.2                              148.7
Depreciation or amortisation of tangible, other intangible assets and leases –
right-of-use assets                                                                                               23.9                                   20.7
Share-based payments expense (note 4)                                                                              2.8                                    1.8
Defined benefit pension scheme payment in excess of interest                                                      (0.6)                                  (5.8)
Profit on disposal of assets                                                                                      (1.6)                                  (2.8)
Acquisition and disposal expenses paid                                                                            (6.5)                                  (4.2)
Other non-cash movements                                                                                           0.1                                    0.1
Non-cash items and other                                                                                                              18.1                                9.8
Operating cash flow before changes in working capital                                                                               209.3                               158.5
Increase in inventories                                                                                         (35.6)                                   (13.5)
Increase in trade and other receivables                                                                         (10.6)                                   (16.3)
Increase in trade and other payables                                                                             17.5                                     17.2
Increase in working capital                                                                                                         (28.7)                               (12.6)
Cash flow from operating activities                                                                                                 180.6                               145.9

23. (Net debt)/cash funds
The movement in (net debt)/cash funds during the year is as follows:
                                                                                                                                Exchange       Other non-cash
                                                                                          1 Oct 2021         Cash flow1        movements          movements         30 Sep 2022
                                                                                                 £m                 £m               £m                   £m                £m
Cash and cash equivalents                                                                     24.8                17.5                (0.6)                  –           41.7
Borrowings                                                                                 (206.2)              (131.3)             (30.9)                (2.2)        (370.6)
Net debt                                                                                    (181.4)             (113.8)              (31.5)               (2.2)        (328.9)


                                                                                                                                Exchange       Other non-cash
                                                                                         1 Oct 2020          Cash flow         movements          movements         30 Sep 2021
                                                                                                £m                  £m               £m                   £m                £m
Cash and cash equivalents                                                                   206.8              (192.6)                10.6                   –            24.8
Borrowings                                                                                      –              (202.9)                 (1.8)              (1.5)        (206.2)
Cash funds/(net debt)                                                                       206.8              (395.5)                 8.8                (1.5)         (181.4)
1 The borrowings cash flow includes £3.5m of debt fees which have been capitalised and are included within interest paid in the Consolidated Cash Flow Statement.


On 13 October 2020, the Group entered into a debt facility agreement (SFA) which comprised a three-year term loan for an aggregate
principal amount of £136.0m ($170.0m) and a committed multi-currency revolving facility (RCF) for an aggregate principal amount of
£135.0m, which was increased to £185.0m during the previous financial year.

During the year, the Group has amended the SFA to increase the total facility size. As at 30 September 2022, the SFA comprises a
committed multi-currency revolving facility (RCF) for an aggregate principal amount of £359.7m, an amortising term loan for an aggregate
principal amount of £114.2m ($127.5m), a bullet term loan for an aggregate principal amount of £59.1m ($66.0m) and a further bullet term
loan for an aggregate principal amount of £45.3m. The SFA is due to expire in December 2024 and there is an option to extend for a further
12-month period.

The Group’s debt facilities are subject to interest at variable rates. During the year the Group entered into interest rate swap contracts with
the effect of fixing the interest rate on $100.0m (£89.6m) of debt. The effective fixed rate debt was 24% of total debt. Subsequent to year end,
the Group has entered into further interest rate swap contracts with the effect of fixing the interest rate on an additional $100.0m of debt.

At 30 September 2022, the Group’s Net Debt/EBITDA ratio is 1.4x, as illustrated in note 27.

As at 30 September 2022, the term loans have an aggregate outstanding principal amount of £173.3m ($193.5m) and the Group has utilised
£201.0m of the revolving facility. There remains £158.7m undrawn on the revolving facility and £45.3m undrawn on the bullet term loan.
Borrowings include £1.0m (2021: £0.4m) of accrued interest and the carrying amount of capitalised debt fees is £4.7m (2021: £2.8m).

As at 30 September 2021, under the SFA the Group had a drawn term loan with an aggregate principal amount of £113.5m ($153.0m) and
drawings of £95.1m under the revolving facility. As at 30 September 2021 the undrawn revolving facility amount was £89.9m.

Total net debt is £398.0m (2021: £229.7m) comprising cash funds of £41.7m (2021: £24.8m), borrowings of £370.6m (2021: £206.2m), and lease
liabilities of £69.1m (2021: £48.3m). Bank covenants are tested against net debt funds only (i.e. excluding lease liabilities).


162 Diploma PLC Annual Report 2022
24. Retirement benefit asset and obligations
The Group maintains two pension arrangements which are accounted for under IAS 19 (Revised) (Employee Benefits). The principal
arrangement is the defined benefit pension scheme in the UK, maintained by Diploma Holdings PLC and called the Diploma Holdings PLC
UK Pension Scheme (the Scheme). This Scheme provides benefits based on final salary and length of service on retirement, leaving service
or death and has been closed to further accrual since 5 April 2000.

The second and smaller pension arrangement is operated by Kubo, a business based in Switzerland and provides benefits on retirement,
leaving service or death for the employees of Kubo in accordance with Swiss law. The Kubo pension scheme is a defined contribution based


                                                                                                                                                     Overview
scheme, which for technical reasons, is required under IFRS to be accounted for in accordance with IAS 19 (Revised).

The amount of pension asset/deficit included in the Consolidated Statement of Financial Position in respect of these two pension
arrangements is:
                                                                                                                            2022            2021
                                                                                                                             £m              £m
Diploma Holdings PLC UK Pension Scheme                                                                                     (6.4)             2.7
Kubo Pension Scheme                                                                                                           –              2.2
Pension scheme net (asset) / deficit                                                                                       (6.4)             4.9




                                                                                                                                                     Strategic Report
The amounts included in the Consolidated Income Statement in respect of these two pension arrangements are:
                                                                                                                            2022            2021
                                                                                                                             £m              £m
Diploma Holdings PLC UK Pension Scheme                                                                                        –              (0.1)
Kubo Pension Scheme                                                                                                        (0.5)            (0.5)
Amounts charged to the Consolidated Income Statement                                                                       (0.5)            (0.6)

Defined contribution schemes operated by the Group’s businesses are not included in these disclosures.

Diploma Holdings PLC UK Pension Scheme
The Scheme is subject to a Statutory Funding Objective under the Pensions Act 2004 which requires that a valuation of the Scheme is




                                                                                                                                                     Corporate Governance
carried out at least once every three years to determine whether the Statutory Funding Objective is met. As part of the process the
Company must agree with the Trustees of the Scheme the contributions to be paid to address any shortfall against the Statutory Funding
Objective. The most recent triennial actuarial valuation carried out as at 30 September 2019 reported that the Scheme had a funding
deficit of £9.9m and held assets which covered 76% of its liabilities at that date. The next triennial actuarial valuation of the Scheme will be
carried out as at 30 September 2022 and the results of the valuation will be reported in the 2023 Annual Report & Accounts. There were no
Scheme amendments, curtailments or settlements during the year.

On 28 September 2018, the Trustees completed a Buy-In of the pensioner liabilities in the Scheme with Just Retirement Limited. The Scheme
paid £12.3m to Just Retirement Limited on 28 September 2018 to fund 95% of the Buy-In premium and £0.7m was paid on 22 October 2018
to fund the remaining 5% of the premium. The impact of this transaction has been reflected in the pension disclosures set out below.

The Scheme is managed by a set of Trustees appointed in part by the Company and in part from elections by members of the Scheme.




                                                                                                                                                     Financial Statements
The Trustees have responsibility for obtaining valuations of the fund, administering benefit payments and investing the Scheme’s assets.
The Trustees delegate some of these functions to their professional advisors where appropriate.

The Scheme exposes the Company, and therefore the Group, to a number of risks:

– Investment risk. The Scheme holds investments in asset classes, such as equities, which have volatile market values and while these
  assets are expected to provide real returns over the long term, volatility over the short-term can cause additional funding to be required
  if a deficit emerges.
– Interest rate risk. The Scheme’s liabilities are assessed using market yields on high-quality corporate bonds to discount the liabilities.
  As the Scheme’s assets include equities, the value of the assets and liabilities may not move in the same way.
– Inflation risk. A significant proportion of the benefits under the Scheme are linked to inflation. The Scheme’s assets are expected to




                                                                                                                                                     Other Information
  provide a good hedge against inflation over the long term, however movements over the short term could lead to funding deficits
  emerging.
– Mortality risk. In the event that members live longer than assumed, a funding deficit may emerge in the Scheme.




163 Diploma PLC Annual Report 2022
NOTE S TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FO R TH E Y E A R EN D ED 30 SEP TEM B ER 2022
CO NTI N U ED




a) Pension surplus / (deficit) included in the Consolidated Statement of Financial Position
                                                                                                                          2022            2021
                                                                                                                           £m              £m
Market value of Scheme assets:
Equities1                                                                                                                20.7             21.9
Gilts                                                                                                                     3.9              5.7
Buy-In policy2                                                                                                            7.3             10.5
Cash                                                                                                                        –              0.2
                                                                                                                         31.9             38.3
Present value of Scheme liabilities                                                                                     (25.5)           (41.0)
Pension scheme net asset / (deficit)                                                                                      6.4             (2.7)
1 Quoted market price in an active market.
2 The Buy-In policy was valued on the same basis as the underlying pensioner liabilities.


In addition to the Buy-In policy, the pension scheme net asset includes £3.5m of historic annuities and related assets on a net basis, rather
than on a gross basis.

b) Amounts charged to the Consolidated Income Statement
                                                                                                                          2022            2021
                                                                                                                           £m              £m
Charged to operating profit                                                                                                 –                –
Interest cost on liabilities                                                                                             (0.8)           (0.6)
Interest on assets                                                                                                        0.8             0.5
Charged to financial expense, net (note 5)                                                                                  –             (0.1)
Amounts charged to the Consolidated Income Statement                                                                        –             (0.1)

c) Amounts recognised in the Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income
                                                                                                                          2022            2021
                                                                                                                           £m              £m
Investment (loss)/gain on Scheme assets in excess of interest                                                            (6.5)            5.0
Effect of changes in financial assumptions on Scheme liabilities                                                         15.4             0.1
Effect of changes in demographic assumptions on Scheme liabilities                                                        0.3            (0.9)
Experience adjustments on Scheme liabilities                                                                             (0.7)              –
Actuarial gain credited in the Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income                                             8.5             4.2

The cumulative amount of actuarial losses recognised in the Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income, since the transition to
IFRS, is £1.2m (2021: £9.7m).

d) Analysis of movement in the pension (asset) / deficit
                                                                                                                          2022            2021
                                                                                                                           £m              £m
Deficit as at 1 October                                                                                                   2.7             12.7
Amounts charged to the Consolidated Income Statement                                                                        –              0.1
Contributions paid by employer                                                                                           (0.6)            (5.9)
Net effect of remeasurements of Scheme assets and liabilities                                                            (8.5)            (4.2)
(Asset) / deficit as at 30 September                                                                                     (6.4)             2.7

e) Analysis of movements in the present value of the Scheme liabilities
                                                                                                                          2022            2021
                                                                                                                           £m              £m
At 1 October                                                                                                              41.0           40.8
Experience adjustments on Scheme liabilities                                                                               0.7               –
Interest cost on liabilities                                                                                               0.8            0.6
Impact from changes in actuarial assumptions                                                                             (15.7)           0.8
Benefits paid                                                                                                             (1.3)           (1.2)
At 30 September                                                                                                           25.5           41.0




164 Diploma PLC Annual Report 2022
f) Analysis of movements in the present value of the Scheme assets
                                                                                                                            2022                2021
                                                                                                                             £m                  £m
At 1 October                                                                                                               38.3                28.1
Interest on assets                                                                                                           0.8                0.5
Return on Scheme assets                                                                                                    (6.5)                5.0
Contributions paid by employer                                                                                               0.6                5.9


                                                                                                                                                        Overview
Benefits paid                                                                                                               (1.3)               (1.2)
At 30 September                                                                                                            31.9                38.3

The actual return on the Scheme assets (including interest on assets) during the year was a loss of £5.7m (2021: £5.5m gain).

Assets
The Scheme’s assets are held in passive unit funds managed by Legal & General Investment Management and at 30 September 2022, the
major categories of assets were as follows:
                                                                                                                            2022                2021
                                                                                                                              %                   %
North America equities                                                                                                       28                  23
UK equities                                                                                                                  12                  10




                                                                                                                                                        Strategic Report
European equities (non-UK)                                                                                                    11                 10
Asia-Pacific and Emerging Markets equities                                                                                   12                  10
Gilts                                                                                                                        14                  14
Buy-In policy                                                                                                                23                  33

Principal actuarial assumptions for the Scheme at balance sheet dates
                                                                                              2022          2021            2020                2019
                                                                                                %             %               %                   %
Inflation rate                     – RPI                                                      3.6           3.4              2.9                3.4
                                   – CPI                                                      3.2           3.0              1.9                2.4




                                                                                                                                                        Corporate Governance
Expected rate of pension increases – CPI                                                      3.2           3.0              1.9                2.4
Discount rate                                                                                 5.3           2.0              1.5                1.8

The volatility in bond yields in the period leading up to and after the Group’s year end meant there was a significant favourable impact on
the pension scheme’s liabilities. This volatility also had an adverse impact on the valuation of the scheme’s gilts. Since the year end bond
yields have fallen back to levels more in line with historical trends. The Scheme had 14% of its assets in bonds as at 30 September 2022, with
no exposure to LDI.

Demographic assumptions

Mortality table used:                                                    S3PA




                                                                                                                                                        Financial Statements
Year the mortality table was published:                                  CMI 2021
Allowance for future improvements in longevity:                          Year of birth projections, with a long-term improvement rate of 1.0%
Allowance made for members to take a cash lump sum on                    Members are assumed to take 100% of their maximum cash sum
retirement:                                                              (based on current commutation factors)
The weighted average duration of the defined benefit obligation is
around 15 years

Sensitivities
The sensitivities of the 2022 pension liabilities to changes in assumptions are as follows:
                                                                                                                        Impact on pension liabilities




                                                                                                                                                        Other Information
                                                                                                                       Estimated          Estimated
                                                                                                                         increase           increase
Factor                              Assumption                                                                                 %                 £m
Discount rate                       Decrease by 0.5%                                                                         6.7                1.7
Inflation                           Increase by 0.5%                                                                         2.4                0.6
Life expectancy                     Increase by one year                                                                     2.4                0.6

Risk mitigation strategies
When setting the investment strategy for the Scheme, the Trustees, in conjunction with the employer, take into account the liability profile
of the Scheme. The current strategy is designed to invest in growth assets in respect of deferred pensioners. Annuity policies have been
taken out in respect of some historic pensioners, but the Scheme has not purchased annuities for retirements since 2005.

In addition to these individual annuity policies, the Trustees have purchased a Buy-In policy for all existing pensioners as at 1 September
2018. The Buy-In policy secures the Scheme against both market and mortality risk relating to these pensioners. The Scheme however
remains liable ultimately for the liabilities, should the insurance company which sold the liabilities go into insolvent liquidation.


165 Diploma PLC Annual Report 2022
NOTE S TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FO R TH E Y E A R EN D ED 30 SEP TEM B ER 2022
CO NTI N U ED




Effect of the Scheme on the Group’s future cash flows
The Company is required to agree a schedule of contributions with the Trustees of the Scheme following each triennial actuarial valuation.
Following the triennial actuarial valuation carried out as at 30 September 2019, the Company agreed to contribute £0.5m in cash to the
Scheme annually increasing at 2% per year. The current year contribution was £0.6m. No one-off contributions were made in the year
(2021: one off contribution of ca. £5.1m).

The Kubo Pension Scheme (the Kubo Scheme)
In accordance with Swiss law, Kubo’s pension benefits are contribution based with the level of benefits varying according to category of
employment. Swiss law requires certain guarantees to be provided on such pension benefits. Kubo finances its Swiss pension benefits
through the ASGA Pensionskasse, a multi-employer plan of non-associated companies which pools risks between participating companies.
Set out below is a summary of the key features of the Kubo Scheme.

a) Pension deficit included in the Consolidated Statement of Financial Position
                                                                                                                        2022                2021
                                                                                                                         £m                  £m
Assets of the Kubo Scheme1                                                                                             13.5                12.4
Actuarial liabilities of the Kubo Scheme                                                                              (13.5)              (14.6)
Pension scheme net deficit                                                                                                –                (2.2)
1 The assets of the Kubo Scheme are held as part of the employee funds managed by ASGA Pensionskasse.


b) Amounts charged to the Consolidated Income Statement
                                                                                                                        2022                2021
                                                                                                                         £m                  £m
Service cost                                                                                                           (0.5)               (0.5)
Amount charged to operating profit in the Consolidated Income Statement                                                (0.5)               (0.5)

c) Analysis of movement in the pension deficit
                                                                                                                        2022                2021
                                                                                                                         £m                  £m
At 1 October                                                                                                             2.2                5.6
Amounts charged to the Consolidated Income Statement                                                                    0.5                 0.5
Contributions paid by employer                                                                                         (0.5)               (0.5)
Net effect of remeasurements of Kubo Scheme assets and liabilities                                                      (2.1)              (3.2)
Exchange adjustments                                                                                                   (0.1)               (0.2)
At 30 September                                                                                                            –                2.2


d) Amounts recognised in the Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income
The actuarial gain credited to the Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income is £2.1m (2021: £3.2m gain).
                                                                                                                        2022                2021
                                                                                                                         £m                  £m
Investment gain/(loss) on Scheme assets in excess of interest                                                          (1.3)                2.8
Effect of changes in financial assumptions on Scheme liabilities                                                        4.2                   –
Effect of changes in demographic assumptions on Scheme liabilities                                                        –                 1.0
Experience adjustments on Scheme liabilities                                                                           (0.4)               (0.6)
Adjustment in respect of IFRIC 14                                                                                      (0.4)                  –
Actuarial gain credited in the Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income                                           2.1                 3.2

Principal actuarial assumptions for the Kubo Scheme at balance sheet dates
                                                                                                                        2022                2021
Expected rate of pension increase                                                                                     0%                 0%
Expected rate of salary increase                                                                                    1.0%               1.0%
Discount rate                                                                                                       2.3%               0.2%
Interest credit rate                                                                                                1.0%               0.5%
Mortality                                                                                                        BVG2020            BVG2020

Sensitivities
The sensitivities of the 2022 pension liabilities to changes in assumptions are as follows:
                                                                                                                    Impact on pension liabilities
                                                                                                                   Estimated          Estimated
                                                                                                                     increase           increase
Factor                                    Assumption                                                                       %                 £m
Discount rate                             Decrease by 0.25%                                                              3.7                0.4
Life expectancy                           Increase by one year                                                           1.7                0.2



166 Diploma PLC Annual Report 2022
Effect of the Kubo Scheme on the Group’s future cash flows
                                                                                                                                                £m
Best estimate of employer’s contribution in 2023                                                                                               0.4
Best estimate of employees’ contribution in 2023                                                                                               0.4

The weighted average duration of the defined benefit obligation is approximately 15 years (2021: 18 years).

25. Auditors’ remuneration


                                                                                                                                                       Overview
During the year the Group paid fees for the following services from the auditors:
                                                                                                                          2022                 2021
                                                                                                                           £m                   £m
Fees payable to the auditors for the audit of:
– the Company’s Annual Report & Accounts                                                                                    1.1                0.5
– the Company’s subsidiaries                                                                                               0.4                 0.8
Audit fees                                                                                                                 1.5                 1.3

Non-audit fees of £29,200 (2021: £28,200) were paid to the Group’s auditor for carrying out ‘agreed upon procedures’ on both the Half Year
Announcement (which is unaudited), and subscription costs for access to a market-wide technical accounting database.




                                                                                                                                                       Strategic Report
26. Exchange rates
The exchange rates used to translate the results of the overseas businesses are as follows:
                                                                                                     Average                       Closing
                                                                                              2022             2021       2022                 2021
US dollar (US$)                                                                           1.27                 1.37        1.12                1.35
Canadian dollar (C$)                                                                      1.63                 1.73       1.53                  1.71
Euro (€)                                                                                  1.18                  1.15      1.14                  1.16
Swiss franc (CHF)                                                                         1.20                 1.25       1.10                 1.26
Australian dollar (AUD)                                                                   1.79                 1.83       1.74                 1.87




                                                                                                                                                       Corporate Governance
27. Alternative performance measures
The Group uses a number of alternative (non-Generally Accepted Accounting Practice (non-GAAP)) financial measures which are not
defined within IFRS. The Directors use these measures for internal management reporting of key performance indicators (KPIs) in order to
assess the operational performance of the Group on a comparable basis against the Group’s KPIs, as a key constituent of the Group’s
planning process, as well as comprising targets against which compensation is determined. As such these measures should be considered
alongside the IFRS measures. The following non-GAAP measures are referred to in this Annual Report & Accounts:

27.1 Adjusted operating profit and adjusted operating margin
‘Adjusted operating profit’ is defined as operating profit before amortisation and impairment of acquisition intangible assets or goodwill,
acquisition expenses, post-acquisition related remuneration costs and adjustments to deferred consideration, the costs of a material
restructuring or rationalisation of operations and the profit or loss relating to the sale of businesses. The Directors believe that adjusted




                                                                                                                                                       Financial Statements
operating profit is an important measure of the operational performance of the Group. Adjusted operating margin is the Group’s adjusted
operating profit divided by the Group’s revenue.
                                                                                                                          2022                 2021
                                                                                                               Note        £m                   £m
Revenue                                                                                                                1,012.8                787.4
Operating profit                                                                                                         144.3                104.3
Add: Acquisition related and other charges included in administration costs                                               46.9                 44.4
Adjusted operating profit                                                                                       2,3       191.2               148.7
Adjusted operating margin                                                                                       2,3     18.9%                18.9%

27.2 Adjusted profit before tax




                                                                                                                                                       Other Information
‘Adjusted profit before tax’ is defined as adjusted operating profit, after net finance expenses (but before acquisition related finance
charges) and before tax. The Directors believe that adjusted profit before tax is an important measure of the operational performance of
the Group.
                                                                                                                          2022                 2021
                                                                                                                           £m                   £m
Adjusted operating profit                                                                                       2,3      191.2               148.7
Deduct: Net interest expense and similar charges                                                                  5       (11.6)               (6.8)
Adjusted profit before tax                                                                                               179.6                141.9




167 Diploma PLC Annual Report 2022
NOTE S TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FO R TH E Y E A R EN D ED 30 SEP TEM B ER 2022
CO NTI N U ED




27.3 Adjusted earnings per share
‘Adjusted earnings per share’ (adjusted EPS) is calculated as the total of adjusted profit before tax, less income tax costs, but including the
tax impact on the items included in the calculation of adjusted profit, less profit/(loss) attributable to minority interests, divided by the
weighted average number of ordinary shares in issue during the year of 124,533,060 (2021: 124,468,210). The Directors believe that adjusted
EPS provides an important measure of the earnings capacity of the Group.
                                                                                             2022              2021         2022            2021
                                                                                  pence per share   pence per share          £m              £m
Profit before tax                                                                                                         129.5            96.6
Tax expense                                                                                                               (34.1)          (26.9)
Minority interests                                                                                                         (0.7)            0.1
Earnings for the year attributable to shareholders of the Company                           76.1              56.1         94.7            69.8
Acquisition related and other charges and acquisition related finance charges,
net of tax                                                                                 31.4              29.1          39.2            36.3
Adjusted earnings                                                                         107.5              85.2         133.9           106.1

27.4 Free cash flow and free cash flow conversion
‘Free cash flow’ is defined as net cash flow from operating activities, after net capital expenditure on tangible and intangible assets, and
including proceeds received from property disposals, but before expenditure on business combinations/investments (including any pre-
acquisition debt like items such as pensions or tax settled post acquisition) and proceeds from business disposals, borrowings received to
fund acquisitions and dividends paid to both minority shareholders and the Company’s shareholders. ‘Free cash flow conversion’ reflects
free cash flow as a percentage of adjusted earnings.

The Directors believe that free cash flow gives an important measure of the cash flow of the Group, available for future investment or
distribution to shareholders.
                                                                                                                            2022            2021
                                                                                                              Note           £m              £m
Net increase/(decrease) in cash and cash equivalents                                                                       17.5          (192.6)
Add: Dividends paid to shareholders                                                                              7         56.2            52.9
        Dividends paid to minority interests                                                                    20          0.2             0.3
        Acquisition of minority interests                                                                       20          0.3               –
        Proceeds from minority interests                                                                        20            –            (0.7)
        Acquisition of businesses and payments of pre-acquisition debt-like items (net of cash
        acquired)                                                                                                         177.6           451.4
        Acquisition and disposal expenses paid                                                                  22          6.5              4.2
        Proceeds from sale of business (net of expenses)                                                        21        (13.7)           (11.0)
        Proceeds from issue of share capital (net of fees)                                                                     –             0.6
        Deferred consideration paid                                                                             21           7.1             6.6
        (Proceeds from)/repayment of borrowings (net)                                                           23       (131.3)         (202.9)
Free cash flow                                                                                                           120.4            108.8
Adjusted earnings                                                                                                         133.9            106.1
Free cash flow conversion                                                                                                  90%            103%




168 Diploma PLC Annual Report 2022
27.5 Trading capital employed and ROATCE
The below reconciliation includes ‘trading capital employed’, being defined as net assets less cash and cash equivalents (cash funds) and
after adding back: borrowings (other than lease liabilities); retirement benefit obligations; deferred tax; and acquisition liabilities in respect
of future purchases of minority interests and deferred consideration. Adjusted trading capital employed is reported as being trading capital
employed plus goodwill and acquisition related charges previously written off (net of deferred tax on acquisition intangible assets) and
re-translated at 12 month average exchange rates. Return on adjusted trading capital employed (ROATCE) is defined as the pro forma
adjusted operating profit, divided by adjusted trading capital employed, where pro forma adjusted operating profit is adjusted operating
profit adjusted for the full year effect of acquisitions and disposals. The Directors believe that ROATCE is an important measure of the


                                                                                                                                                      Overview
profitability of the Group.
                                                                                                                             2022             2021
                                                                                                                              £m               £m
Net assets                                                                                                                 668.2            541.0
Add/(deduct):
– Deferred tax, net                                                                                                          38.2             21.9
– Retirement benefit (assets)/obligations                                                                                    (6.4)             4.9
– Acquisition related liabilities/assets, net                                                                                29.6             23.7
– Net debt                                                                                                                 328.9             181.4




                                                                                                                                                      Strategic Report
Reported trading capital employed                                                                                        1,058.5            772.9
– Historic goodwill and acquisition related charges, net of deferred tax and currency movements                              99.6            129.6
Adjusted trading capital employed                                                                                         1,158.1           902.5
Adjusted operating profit                                                                                                   191.2            148.7
Pro forma adjustments1                                                                                                        9.7              8.7
Pro forma adjusted operating profit                                                                                        200.9             157.4
ROATCE                                                                                                                     17.3%            17.4%
1 Adjustment for annualisation of adjusted operating profit of acquisitions and disposals.




                                                                                                                                                      Corporate Governance
27.6 Net debt to EBITDA
Net debt to EBITDA is the net debt, defined as cash and cash equivalents and borrowings translated at 12 month average exchange rates,
divided by EBITDA as defined in the Group’s external facility covenants, which is the Group’s adjusted operating profit adjusting for
depreciation and amortisation of tangible and other intangible assets, the share of adjusted EBITDA attributable to minority interests, the
annualisation of EBITDA for acquisitions and disposals made during the financial year and to remove the impact of IFRS 16 (Leases). The
Directors consider this metric to be an important measure of the Group’s financial position.
                                                                                                                             2022             2021
                                                                                                             Note             £m               £m
Cash and cash equivalents                                                                                      23            41.7             24.8
Borrowings                                                                                                     23         (370.6)          (206.2)




                                                                                                                                                      Financial Statements
Re-translation at average exchange rates                                                                                     23.1               1.6
Net debt (average exchange rates)                                                                                         (305.8)           (179.8)
Adjusted operating profit                                                                                     27.1          191.2            148.7
Depreciation and amortisation of tangible and other intangible assets                                        10,11           11.2              9.9
IFRS 16 impact                                                                                                                 1.2            (0.5)
Minority interest share of adjusted EBITDA                                                                                    (1.1)           (0.8)
Pro forma adjustments1                                                                                                       10.2              8.3
EBITDA                                                                                                                     212.7             165.6
Net debt to EBITDA                                                                                                           1.4x              1.1x




                                                                                                                                                      Other Information
1 Adjustment for annualisation of adjusted EBITDA of acquisitions and disposals.


27.7 Dividend cover
Dividend cover is adjusted earnings per share (as per note 27.3) divided by the total dividend for the year (interim and final proposed).
                                                                                                             Note            2022             2021
Adjusted earnings per share                                                                                     8           107.5            85.2
Total dividend for the year (interim and final proposed)                                                                     53.8            42.6
Dividend cover                                                                                                                2.0             2.0




169 Diploma PLC Annual Report 2022
GROUP ACCOUNTING POLICIE S
FO R TH E Y E A R EN D ED 30 SEP TEM B ER 2022




1.1 Basis of preparation                                                  The Group’s debt facilities are subject to interest at variable rates.
The consolidated financial statements have been prepared on               During the year the Group entered into interest rate swap contracts
a consistent basis to prior year and also under the historical cost       with the effect of fixing the interest rate on $100.0m (£89.6m) of
convention, except for derivative financial instruments which are         debt. The effective fixed rate debt was 24% of total debt.
held at fair value.                                                       Subsequent to year end, the Group has entered into further interest
                                                                          rate swap contracts with the effect of fixing the interest rate on an
On 31 December 2020, IFRS as adopted by the European Union                additional $100.0m of debt.
at that date was brought into UK law and became UK-adopted
International Accounting Standards, with future changes being             At 30 September 2022, the Group’s Net Debt/EBITDA ratio is 1.4x,
subject to endorsement by the UK Endorsement Board. Diploma               as illustrated in note 27.
PLC transitioned to UK-adopted International Accounting Standards
in its consolidated financial statements on 1 October 2021. This          As at 30 September 2022, the term loans have an aggregate
change constitutes a change in accounting framework. However,             outstanding principal amount of £173.3m ($193.5m) and the Group
there is no impact on recognition, measurement or disclosure in           has utilised £201.0m of the revolving facility. There remains £158.7m
the period reported as a result of the change in framework.               undrawn on the revolving facility and £45.3m undrawn on the bullet
                                                                          term loan. Borrowings include £1.0m (2021: £0.4m) of accrued
Going concern                                                             interest and the carrying amount of capitalised debt fees is £4.7m
The consolidated financial statements have been prepared on a             (2021: £2.8m).
going concern basis. The Group’s business activities, together with
the factors likely to affect its future development, performance and      As at 30 September 2021, under the SFA the Group had a drawn
position are set out in the Strategic Report on pages 2 to 89. The        term loan with an aggregate principal amount of £113.5m ($153.0m)
financial position of the Group, its cash flows, liquidity position and   and drawings of £95.1m under the revolving facility. As at 30
borrowing facilities are described in the Financial Review on pages       September 2021 the undrawn revolving facility amount was £89.9m.
77 to 79. In addition, pages 156 to 159 of the Annual Report &
Accounts include the Group’s objectives, policies and processes for       Total net debt is £398.0m (2021: £229.7m) comprising cash funds of
managing its capital; its financial risk management objectives;           £41.7m (2021: £24.8m), borrowings of £370.6m (2021: £206.2m), and
details of its financial instruments and hedging activities; and its      lease liabilities of £69.1m (2021: £48.3m). Bank covenants are tested
exposures to credit risk and liquidity risk.                              against net debt funds only (i.e. excluding lease liabilities).

The Group continues to operate against a backdrop of                      Financial modelling
macroeconomic disruption, including widespread global inflation,          The Group has modelled a base case and downside case in its
rising interest rates and the continued uncertainty of the Covid-19       assessment of going concern. The base case is driven off the Group’s
pandemic, in particular its lasting impact on global supply chains.       detailed budget which is built up on a business by business case and
Accordingly, the Directors have again considered a more                   considers both the micro and macroeconomic factors which could
comprehensive going concern view than in previous years. The              impact performance in the industries and geographies in which
Group has considerable financial resources, together with a broad         that business operates. The downside case models steep declines in
spread of customers and suppliers across different geographic areas       revenues and operating margins as well as materially adverse
and sectors, often secured with longer term agreements. As a              working capital movements. These sensitivities model a continued
consequence, the Directors believe that the Group is well placed to       unfavourable impact from a prolonged downturn in the economy.
manage its business risks successfully as described further on pages
82 to 88.                                                                 The purpose of this exercise is to consider if there is a significant risk
                                                                          that the Group could breach either its facility headroom or financial
Liquidity and financing position                                          covenants. Both scenarios indicate that the Group has significant
The Group’s liquidity and funding arrangements are described              liquidity and covenant headroom on its borrowing facilities to
in notes 18 and 23 to the consolidated financial statements. On           continue in operational existence for the foreseeable future.
13 October 2020, the Group entered into a debt facility agreement
(SFA) which comprised a three-year term loan for an aggregate             Going concern basis
principal amount of £136.0m ($170.0m) and a committed multi-              Accordingly and after making enquiries, the Directors have a
currency revolving facility (RCF) for an aggregate principal amount       reasonable expectation that the Group has adequate resources to
of £135.0m, which was increased to £185.0m during the previous            continue in operational existence for the foreseeable future and they
financial year.                                                           continue to adopt the going concern basis in preparing the Annual
                                                                          Report & Accounts.
During the year the Group has amended the SFA to increase the
total facility size. As at 30 September 2022 the SFA comprises a          1.2 Basis of consolidation
committed multi-currency revolving facility (RCF) for an aggregate        The consolidated financial statements incorporate the financial
principal amount of £359.7m, an amortising term loan for an               statements of the Company and entities controlled by the
aggregate principal amount of £114.2m ($127.5m), a bullet term loan       Company (its subsidiaries and Employee Benefit Trust (EBT)).
for an aggregate principal amount of £59.1m ($66.0m) and a                Control exists when the Company is exposed or has rights to
further bullet term loan for an aggregate principal amount of             variable returns from its involvement with the entity and has the
£45.3m. The SFA is due to expire in December 2024 and there is an         ability to affect those returns through its power over the entity. The
option to extend for a further 12-month period.                           assets, liabilities and results of subsidiaries acquired or disposed of
                                                                          during the year are included in the Consolidated Income Statement
                                                                          from the effective date of acquisition or up to the effective date of
                                                                          disposal, as appropriate.




170 Diploma PLC Annual Report 2022
Where necessary, adjustments are made to the financial                    1.6 Employee benefits
statements of subsidiaries to bring their accounting policies into        The Group operates a number of pension plans, both of the defined
line with those detailed herein to ensure that the Group financial        contribution and defined benefit type.
statements are prepared on a consistent basis. All intra-Group
transactions, balances, income and expenses are eliminated in             a) Defined contribution pension plans: Contributions to the Group’s
preparing the consolidated financial statements.                             defined contribution schemes are recognised as an employee
                                                                             benefit expense when they fall due.
Non-controlling interests, defined as minority interests, in the net


                                                                                                                                                      Overview
assets of consolidated subsidiaries are identified separately from the    b) Defined benefit pension plan: The deficit/asset recognised in the
Group’s equity therein. Minority interests consist of the amount of          balance sheet for the Group’s defined benefit pension plan is the
those interests at the date of the original business combination and         present value of the defined benefit obligation at the balance
the minority’s share of changes in equity since the date of the              sheet date less the fair value of the scheme assets. The defined
combination.                                                                 benefit obligation/asset is calculated by independent actuaries
                                                                             using the projected unit cost method and by discounting the
1.2.a. New accounting standards adopted                                      estimated future cash flows using interest rates on high-quality
There have been no new accounting standards adopted during                   corporate bonds. The pension expense for the Group’s defined
the year that have a material impact over the consolidated                   benefit plan is recognised as follows:
financial statements.                                                        i) Within the Consolidated Income Statement:
                                                                             – Service cost of current members of the Kubo Scheme.
1.3 Acquisitions




                                                                                                                                                      Strategic Report
                                                                             – Gains and losses arising on settlements and curtailments
Acquisitions are accounted for using the acquisition method as                   – where the item that gave rise to the settlement or
at the acquisition date, which is the date on which control is                   curtailment is recognised in operating profit.
transferred to the Group. Goodwill at the acquisition date represents        – Any interest cost on the net deficit of the plan – calculated by
the cost of the business combination (excluding acquisition related              applying the discount rate to the net defined benefit liability at
costs, which are expensed as incurred) plus the amount of any                    the start of the annual reporting period.
non-controlling interest in the acquiree in excess of the fair value of      ii) Within the Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income
the identifiable tangible and intangible assets, liabilities and                 (Other Comprehensive Income):
contingent liabilities acquired.                                             – Actuarial gains and losses arising on the assets and liabilities
                                                                                 of the plan related to actual experience and any changes in
Minority interests may be initially measured at fair value or,                   assumptions at the end of the year.
alternatively, at the minority interest’s proportionate share of the




                                                                                                                                                      Corporate Governance
recognised amounts of the acquiree’s identifiable net assets. The         c) Share-based payments: Equity-settled transactions (which are
choice of measurement basis is made for each business                        where the Executive Directors and certain senior employees
combination separately.                                                      receive a part of their remuneration in the form of shares in the
                                                                             Company, or rights over shares) are measured at fair value at the
1.4 Divestments                                                              date of grant. The fair value determined at the grant date uses
The results and cash flows of major lines of businesses that have            the Monte Carlo method and takes account of the effect of
been divested are classified as discontinued businesses. There were          market based measures, such as Total Shareholder Return (TSR)
no discontinued operations in either the current or prior year.              targets upon which vesting of part of the award is conditional
                                                                             and is expensed to the Consolidated Income Statement on a
1.5 Revenue recognition                                                      straight-line basis over the vesting period, with a corresponding
Revenue is measured as the fair value of the consideration received          credit to equity. The cumulative expense recognised is adjusted to




                                                                                                                                                      Financial Statements
or receivable for goods and services supplied to customers, after            take account of shares forfeited by Executives who leave during
deducting sales allowances and value-added taxes; revenue                    the performance or vesting period and, in the case of non-market
receivable for services supplied to customers, as opposed to goods,          related performance conditions, where it becomes unlikely that
is less than ca. 3% of Group revenue. Under IFRS 15, each customer           shares will vest. For the market-based measure, the Directors
contract is assessed to identify the performance obligation. An              have used a Monte Carlo model to determine fair value of the
assessment of the timing of revenue recognition is made for each             shares at the date of grant.
performance obligation. Revenue is recognised at a point in time
for all standard revenue transactions when control of the goods             The Group operates an EBT for the granting of shares to
provided is transferred to the customer. Revenue is also recognised         Executives. The cost of shares in the Company purchased by
at a point in time for contracts that contain multiple elements             the EBT are shown as a deduction from equity.
(service contracts) when the agreed output is produced by the




                                                                                                                                                      Other Information
customer, unless there are specific performance obligations to
deliver other services over time. The revenue on such service
contracts is not material in the context of the Group’s total revenue.

The transaction price is allocated to each performance obligation
based on the relative stand-alone selling prices of the goods or
services provided. If a stand-alone selling price is not available, the
Group will estimate the selling price with reference to the price that
would be charged for the goods or services if they were sold
separately. There are no contracts with variable consideration.

Provision is made for returns and in the few instances where rebates
are provided. There are no capitalised contract costs recognised by
the Group.



171   Diploma PLC Annual Report 2022
GROUP ACCOUNTING POLICIE S
FO R TH E Y E A R EN D ED 30 SEP TEM B ER 2022
CO NTI N U ED




1.7 Foreign currencies                                                    1.8 Taxation
The individual financial statements of each Group entity are              The tax expense relates to the sum of current tax and deferred tax.
prepared in their functional currency, which is the currency of the
primary economic environment in which that entity operates. For           Current tax is based on taxable profit for the year, which differs
the purpose of the consolidated financial statements, the results         from profit before taxation as reported in the Consolidated Income
and financial position of each entity are translated into UK sterling,    Statement. Taxable profit excludes items of income and expense
which is the presentational currency of the Group.                        that are taxable (or deductible) in other years and also excludes
                                                                          items that are never taxable or deductible. The Group’s liability for
a) Reporting foreign currency transactions in functional currency:        current tax, including UK corporation tax and overseas tax, is
   Transactions in currencies other than the entity’s functional          calculated using rates that have been enacted or substantively
   currency (foreign currencies) are initially recorded at the rates of   enacted at the balance sheet date.
   exchange prevailing on the dates of the transactions. At each
   subsequent balance sheet date:                                         Deferred tax is accounted for using the balance sheet liability
   i) Foreign currency monetary items are retranslated at the rates       method. Deferred tax is recognised on differences between the
       prevailing at the balance sheet date. Exchange differences         carrying amounts of assets and liabilities in the financial statements
       arising on the settlement or retranslation of monetary items       and the corresponding tax bases used in the computation of
       are recognised in the Consolidated Income Statement.               taxable profit. Deferred tax liabilities are generally recognised for
   ii) Non-monetary items measured at historical cost in a foreign        all taxable temporary differences and deferred tax assets are
       currency are not retranslated.                                     recognised to the extent that it is probable that taxable profits will
   iii)Non-monetary items measured at fair value in a foreign             be available against which deductible temporary differences can be
       currency are retranslated using the exchange rates at the date     utilised. Temporary differences arise primarily from the recognition
       the fair value was determined. Where a gain or loss on             of the deficit on the Group’s defined benefit pension scheme, the
       non-monetary items is recognised directly in equity, any           difference between accelerated capital allowances and depreciation
       exchange component of that gain or loss is also recognised         and for short-term timing differences where a provision held against
       directly in equity and conversely, where a gain or loss on a       receivables or inventory is not deductible for taxation purposes.
       non-monetary item is recognised in the Consolidated Income         However, deferred tax assets and liabilities are not recognised if the
       Statement, any exchange component of that gain or loss is          temporary difference arises from goodwill or from the initial
       also recognised in the Consolidated Income Statement.              recognition (other than in a business combination) of other assets
                                                                          and liabilities in a transaction that affects neither the taxable profit,
b) Translation from functional currency to presentational currency:       nor the accounting profit.
   When the functional currency of a Group entity is different from
   the Group’s presentational currency, its results and financial         Deferred tax liabilities are also recognised for taxable temporary
   position are translated into the presentational currency as follows:   differences arising on investments in subsidiaries, except where the
   i) Assets and liabilities are translated using exchange rates          Group is able to control the reversal of the temporary difference and
       prevailing at the balance sheet date.                              it is probable that the temporary difference will not reverse in the
   ii) Income and expense items are translated at average exchange        foreseeable future. No deferred tax is recognised on the unremitted
       rates for the year, except where the use of such an average rate   earnings of overseas subsidiaries, as the Group controls the dividend
       does not approximate the exchange rate at the date of the          policies of its subsidiaries.
       transaction, in which case the transaction rate is used.
   iii)All resulting exchange differences are recognised in Other         Deferred tax is calculated at the tax rates that are expected to
       Comprehensive Income; these cumulative exchange differences        apply to the period when the asset is realised or the liability is
       are recognised in the Consolidated Income Statement in the         settled. Deferred tax is charged or credited to the Consolidated
       period in which the foreign operation is disposed of.              Income Statement, except when the item on which the tax or
                                                                          charge is credited or charged directly to equity, in which case the
c) Net investment in foreign operations:                                  deferred tax is also dealt with in equity. The carrying amount of
   Exchange differences arising on a monetary item that forms part        deferred tax assets is reviewed at each balance sheet date and
   of a reporting entity’s net investment in a foreign operation are      reduced to the extent that it is no longer probable that sufficient
   recognised in the Consolidated Income Statement in the separate        taxable profits will be available to allow all or part of the assets to be
   financial statements of the reporting entity or the foreign            recovered. Tax assets and liabilities are offset when there is a legally
   operation as appropriate. In the consolidated financial                enforceable right to enforce current tax assets against current tax
   statements such exchange differences are initially recognised in       liabilities and when the deferred income tax relates to the same
   Other Comprehensive Income as a separate component of equity           fiscal authority.
   and subsequently recognised in the Consolidated Income
   Statement on disposal of the net investment.




172 Diploma PLC Annual Report 2022
1.9 Property, plant and equipment                                         Fair values of customer and supplier relationships on larger
Property, plant and equipment are stated at cost less accumulated         acquisitions are valued using a discounted cash flow model;
depreciation and accumulated impairment losses. Cost comprises            databases are valued using a replacement cost model. For smaller
the purchase price plus costs directly incurred in bringing the asset     acquisitions, intangible assets are assessed using historical
into use. All repairs and maintenance expenditure is charged to the       experience of similar transactions.
Consolidated Income Statement in the period in which it is incurred.
                                                                          d) Goodwill – business combinations
Freehold land is not depreciated. Depreciation on other items of          Goodwill arising on the acquisition of a subsidiary represents the


                                                                                                                                                          Overview
property, plant and equipment begins when the asset is available          excess of the aggregate of the fair value of the consideration over
for use and is charged to the Consolidated Income Statement on            the aggregate fair value of the identifiable intangible, tangible and
a straight-line basis to write off the cost, less residual value of the   current assets and net of the aggregate fair value of the liabilities
asset, over its estimated useful life as follows:                         (including contingent liabilities of businesses acquired at the date
                                                                          of acquisition). Goodwill is initially recognised as an asset at cost
Freehold property             – between 20 and 50 years                   and is subsequently measured at cost less any accumulated
Leasehold property            – term of the lease                         impairment losses. Transaction costs are expensed and are not
                                                                          included in the cost of acquisition.
Plant and equipment           – plant and machinery between 3 and
                                 7 years
                                                                          1.11 Impairment of tangible and intangible assets
                              – IT hardware between 3 and 5 years         An impairment loss is recognised to the extent that the carrying




                                                                                                                                                          Strategic Report
                              – fixtures and fittings between 5 and      amount of an asset or a CGU exceeds its recoverable amount.
                                 15 years
Hospital field equipment      – 5 years                                   The recoverable amount of an asset or CGU is the higher of: (i) its
                                                                          fair value less costs to sell; and (ii) its value in use. Its value in use is
The depreciation method used, residual values and estimated useful        the present value of the future cash flows expected to be derived
lives are reviewed and changed, if appropriate, at least at each          from the asset or CGU, discounted using a pre-tax discount rate
financial year end. Assets held under finance leases are depreciated      that reflects current market assessments of the time value of
over their expected useful lives on the same basis as owned assets        money and the risks specific to the asset or CGU. Impairment losses
or, where shorter, over the term of the relevant lease. An asset’s        are recognised immediately in the Consolidated Income Statement.
carrying amount is written down immediately to its recoverable
amount if the asset’s carrying amount is greater than its estimated       a) Impairment of goodwill
recoverable amount. Gains and losses arising on disposals are             Goodwill acquired in a business combination is allocated to a CGU;




                                                                                                                                                          Corporate Governance
determined by comparing sales proceeds with carrying amount               CGUs for this purpose are the Group’s three Sectors which represent
and are recognised in the Consolidated Income Statement.                  the lowest level within the Group at which the goodwill is monitored
                                                                          by the Group’s Board of Directors for internal and management
1.10 Intangible assets                                                    purposes. CGUs to which goodwill has been allocated are tested for
All intangible assets, excluding goodwill arising on a business           impairment annually, or more frequently when there is an indication
combination, are stated at their amortised cost or fair value at          that the unit may be impaired.
initial recognition less any provision for impairment. Amortisation
of intangible assets is recognised as an administration cost.             If the recoverable amount of the CGU is less than the carrying
                                                                          amount of the unit, the impairment loss is allocated first to reduce
a) Research and development costs                                         the goodwill attributable to the CGU. Impairment losses cannot be
Research expenditure is written off as incurred. Development costs        subsequently reversed.




                                                                                                                                                          Financial Statements
are written off as incurred unless forecast revenues for a particular
project exceed attributable forecast development costs in which           b) Impairment of other tangible and intangible assets
case they are capitalised and amortised on a straight-line basis over     Other tangible and intangible assets are reviewed for impairment
the asset’s estimated useful life. Costs are capitalised as intangible    when events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying
assets unless physical assets, such as tooling, exist when they are       value may not be recoverable. Impairment losses and any
classified as property, plant and equipment.                              subsequent reversals are recognised in the Consolidated Income
                                                                          Statement.
b) Computer software costs
Where computer software is not integral to an item of property,           1.12 Inventories
plant or equipment its costs are capitalised as other intangible          Inventories are stated at the lower of cost (generally calculated on
assets. Amortisation is provided on a straight-line basis over its        a FIFO or weighted average cost basis depending on the nature of




                                                                                                                                                          Other Information
useful economic life of between three and seven years.                    the inventory) and net realisable value, after making due allowance
                                                                          for any obsolete or slow moving inventory. Cost comprises direct
c) Acquired intangible assets – business combinations                     materials, duty and freight-in costs.
Intangible assets that may be acquired as a result of a business
combination, include, but are not limited to, customer lists, supplier    Net realisable value represents the estimated selling price less all
lists, databases, technology and software and patents that can be         estimated costs of completion and the estimated costs necessary
separately measured at fair value, on a reliable basis, are separately    to make the sale.
recognised on acquisition at the fair value, together with the
associated deferred tax liability. Amortisation is charged on a           1.13 Financial instruments
straight-line basis to the Consolidated Income Statement over the         Financial assets and liabilities are recognised in the Group balance
expected useful economic lives.                                           sheet when the Group becomes a party to the contractual
                                                                          provisions of the instrument.




173 Diploma PLC Annual Report 2022
GROUP ACCOUNTING POLICIE S
FO R TH E Y E A R EN D ED 30 SEP TEM B ER 2022
CO NTI N U ED




a) Trade receivables and loss allowance                                   f) Borrowings
Trade receivables are initially measured at fair value, do not carry      Borrowings are initially recognised at the fair value of the
any interest and are reduced by a charge for impairment for               consideration received. They are subsequently measured at
estimated irrecoverable amounts. Such impairment losses are               amortised cost. Borrowings are classified as non-current when the
recognised in the Consolidated Income Statement, calculated               repayment date is more than 12 months from the period end date
under IFRS 9 (see note 1.2(a)).                                           or where they are drawn on a facility with more than 12 months to
                                                                          expiry.
b) Trade payables
Trade payables are non-interest bearing and are initially measured        1.14 Investments (fair value through Other Comprehensive
at their nominal value.                                                   Income)
                                                                          The investments held by the Group comprise equity shares which
c) Cash and cash equivalents                                              are not held for the purposes of equity trading and in accordance
Cash and cash equivalents comprise cash in hand, interest bearing         with IFRS 9 is classified as fair value through Other Comprehensive
deposits, bank overdrafts and short-term highly liquid investments        Income. They are initially recognised at fair value. Subsequent to
with original maturities of three months or less that are readily         initial recognition, they are measured at fair value and changes
convertible to a known amount of cash and are subject to an               therein are recognised in Other Comprehensive Income.
insignificant risk of changes in value. Bank overdrafts are repayable
on demand and can form an integral part of the Group’s cash               1.15 Leases
management. Bank overdrafts (where used) are presented net of             The Company recognises a right-of-use asset and a lease liability
cash and cash equivalents on the balance sheet.                           at the lease commencement date. The right-of-use asset is
                                                                          initially measured at cost, being the initial amount of the lease
d) Put options held by minority interests                                 liability adjusted for any lease payments made at or before
The purchase price of shares to be acquired under options held by         commencement date.
minority shareholders in the Group’s subsidiaries are calculated by
reference to the estimated profitability of the relevant subsidiary at    Lease liabilities are recorded at the present value of lease payments.
the time of exercise, using a multiple based formula. The net present     Leases are discounted at the Group’s incremental borrowing rate,
value of the estimated future payments under these put options is         being the rate that the Group would have to pay to borrow the
shown as a financial liability. The corresponding entry is recognised     funds necessary to obtain an asset of similar value in a similar
in equity as a deduction against retained earnings. At the end of         economic environment with similar terms and conditions.
each year, the estimate of the financial liability is reassessed and
any change in value is recognised in the Consolidated Income              Right-of-use assets are depreciated on a straight-line basis over the
Statement, as part of finance income or expense. Where the liability      lease term, or useful life if shorter.
is in a foreign currency, any change in the value of the liability
resulting from changes in exchange rates is recognised in the             Interest is recognised on the lease liability, resulting in a higher
Consolidated Income Statement.                                            finance cost in the earlier years of the lease term.

e) Derivative financial instruments and hedge accounting                  Lease payments relating to low value assets or to short-term leases
The Group holds derivative financial instruments in the form of           are recognised as an expense on a straight-line basis over the lease
forward foreign exchange contracts to hedge its foreign currency          term. Short-term leases are those with 12 months or less duration.
exposure and interest rate swaps to hedge its exposure to market
interest rates. These derivatives are designated as cash flow hedges.     1.16 Other liabilities
The Group has elected to continue to apply the hedge accounting           Other liabilities are recognised when the Group has legal or
requirements of IAS 39, as allowed under IFRS 9.                          constructive obligation as a result of a past event and it is
                                                                          probable that the Group will be required to settle that obligation.
Derivatives are initially recognised at fair value on the date a          Other liabilities are measured at the Directors’ best estimate of the
derivative contract is entered into and subsequent changes in the         expenditure required to settle the obligation at the balance
fair value of foreign currency derivatives which are designated and       sheet date.
effective as hedges of future cash flows are recognised in equity in
the hedging reserve and in Other Comprehensive Income and are             1.17 Dividends
reclassified to profit or loss on maturity of the derivative. Changes     The annual final dividend is not provided for until approved at the
in the fair value of foreign currency derivatives which are ineffective   AGM; interim dividends are charged in the period they are paid.
or do not meet the criteria for hedge accounting in accordance with
IAS 39 are recognised immediately in the Consolidated Income              1.18 Share capital and reserves
Statement.                                                                Ordinary shares are classified as equity and details of the Group’s
                                                                          share capital is disclosed in note (e) of the Parent Company’s
The Group documents, at the inception of the transaction, the             financial statements. Incremental costs directly attributable to the
relationship between hedging instruments and hedged items, as             issue of new shares are shown in equity as a deduction, net of tax,
well as its risk management objectives and strategy for undertaking       from the proceeds. The Group also maintains the following reserves:
various hedging transactions. The Group also documents its
assessment, both at hedge inception and on an ongoing basis, of           a) Translation reserve – The translation reserve comprises all foreign
whether the derivatives that are used in hedging transactions are            exchange differences arising from the translation of the financial
highly effective in offsetting changes in cash flows of hedged items.        statements of foreign businesses.

No derivative contracts have been designated as fair value hedges         b) Hedging reserve – The hedging reserve comprises the effective
or net investment hedges.                                                    portion of the cumulative net change in the fair value of cash
                                                                             flow hedging instruments that are determined to be an effective
                                                                             hedge.



174 Diploma PLC Annual Report 2022
c) Retained earnings reserve – The retained earnings reserve              valued at fair value at the date of acquisition. Deferred
   comprises total cumulative recognised income and expense               consideration is fair valued based on the Directors’ estimate of
   attributable to shareholders. Bonus issues of share capital and        future performance of the acquired entity.
   dividends to shareholders are also charged directly to this reserve.
   In addition, the cost of acquiring shares in the Company and the       The significant assumptions in valuing the R&G and Accuscience
   liability to provide those shares to employees, is accounted for in    intangible assets, which were acquired in the year, together with the
   this reserve.                                                          sensitivity analysis, are set out below.



                                                                                                                                                    Overview
Where any Group company purchases the Company’s equity share                                                                   R&G   Accuscience
capital and holds that share either directly as treasury shares or        Discount rate + 1% (all intangibles)           ca. £(2)m   ca. £(2)m
indirectly within an ESOP trust, the consideration paid, including any    Revenue growth rate +1%
directly attributable incremental costs (net of income taxes), is         (all intangibles)                                ca. £2m     ca. £3m
deducted from equity attributable to the Company’s equity holders
                                                                          Customer attrition rate +1%
until the shares are cancelled, reissued or disposed of. Where such
                                                                          (customer relationships)                       ca. £(2)m   ca. £(2)m
shares are subsequently sold or reissued, any consideration received,
net of any directly attributable incremental transaction costs and
                                                                          Management are also required to make judgements, assumptions
the related income tax effects, is included in equity attributable to
                                                                          and estimates relating to certain assets and liabilities that could
the Company’s equity holders. These shares are used to satisfy
                                                                          potentially have a material impact over the longer term. These
share awards granted to Directors under the Group’s share schemes.
                                                                          relate to:




                                                                                                                                                    Strategic Report
The Trustee purchases the Company’s shares on the open market
using loans made by the Company or a subsidiary of the Company.
                                                                          1.21.2 Goodwill impairment (estimate)
                                                                          The Group has material amounts of goodwill and intangible assets
1.19 Related parties
                                                                          (principally customer and supplier relationships) recognised in the
There are no related party transactions (other than with key
                                                                          Consolidated Statement of Financial Position. As set out in note 1.11
management) that are required to be disclosed in accordance
                                                                          of the Group Accounting Policies, goodwill is tested annually to
with IAS 24. Details of their remuneration are given in note 4 to the
                                                                          determine if there is any indication of impairment. Assumptions are
consolidated financial statements.
                                                                          used to determine the recoverable amount of each CGU, principally
                                                                          based on the present value of estimated future cash flows to derive
1.20 Accounting standards, interpretations and amendments
                                                                          the ‘value in use’ to the Group of the capitalised goodwill. The key
to published standards not yet effective
                                                                          estimates made and assumptions used in performing impairment
The IASB has published a number of new IFRS standards,




                                                                                                                                                    Corporate Governance
                                                                          testing this year are set out in note 10 to the consolidated financial
amendments and interpretations to existing standards which are
                                                                          statements.
not yet effective, but will be mandatory for the Group’s accounting
periods beginning on or after 1 October 2021. An assessment of the
                                                                          1.21.3 Inventory provisions (estimate)
impact of these new standards and interpretations is set out below:
                                                                          Inventories are stated at the lower of cost and net realisable value
                                                                          as set out in note 1.12 of the Group Accounting Policies. In the course
Property, Plant and Equipment: Proceeds before Intended Use –
                                                                          of normal trading activities, estimates are used to establish the net
Amendments to IAS 16
                                                                          realisable value of inventory and impairment charges are made for
Onerous Contracts – Costs of Fulfilling a Contract – Amendments
                                                                          obsolete or slow-moving inventories and against excess inventories.
to IAS 37
Reference to the Conceptual Framework – Amendments to IFRS 3
                                                                          The decision to make an impairment charge is based on a number
                                                                          of factors including management’s assessment of the current




                                                                                                                                                    Financial Statements
The Group does not anticipate that the adoption of these standards
                                                                          trading environment, aged profiles and historical usage and other
and interpretations that are effective for the year ending September
                                                                          matters which are relevant at the time the consolidated financial
2023 will have a material effect on its financial statements.
                                                                          statements are approved.
1.21 Significant accounting estimates and critical judgements
                                                                          1.21.4 Defined benefit pension (estimate)
The preparation of the Group’s consolidated financial statements
                                                                          Defined benefit pensions are accounted for as set out in note 1.6 of
requires management to make critical accounting judgements,
                                                                          the Group Accounting Policies. Determining the value of the future
assumptions or estimates with regard to assets or liabilities that
                                                                          defined benefit obligation requires estimates in respect of the
could potentially have a material adjustment to the carrying
                                                                          assumptions used to calculate present values. These include
amount of assets or liabilities in the next 12 months.
                                                                          discount rate, future mortality and inflation rate. Management
                                                                          makes these estimates in consultation with an independent
1.21.1 Acquisition accounting (estimate)




                                                                                                                                                    Other Information
                                                                          actuary. For the year ended 30 September 2022, the Defined benefit
Acquisition accounting is a significant accounting estimate.
                                                                          pension obligation is an asset rather than an obligation due to the
                                                                          increase in the discount rate. Detail of the estimates and key
When the Group makes an acquisition it recognises the identifiable
                                                                          sensitivities made in calculating the defined benefit asset at
assets and liabilities, including intangible assets, at fair value with
                                                                          30 September 2022 are set out in note 25 to the consolidated
the difference between the fair value of net assets acquired and the
                                                                          financial statements.
fair value of consideration paid comprising goodwill. Acquisitions are
accounted for using the acquisition method as described in the
Group Accounting Policies. The key assumptions and estimates used
to determine the valuation of intangible assets acquired are the
forecast cash flows, the discount rate and customer/supplier
attrition. Customer and supplier relationships are valued using an
excess earnings cash flow model. Acquisitions often comprise an
element of deferred consideration and may include a minority
interest, which are subject to put options. These put options are


175 Diploma PLC Annual Report 2022
PARENT COMPANY STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION
A S AT 30 SEP TEM B ER 2022




                                                                                                                   2022              2021
                                                                                                    Note            £m                £m
Fixed assets
Investments                                                                                            d         297.2          297.2
Debtors: amounts falling due within one year
Amounts owed by Group undertakings                                                                                35.8                 -
Creditors: amounts falling due within one year
Amounts owed to Group undertakings                                                                                   –          (34.7)
Net assets                                                                                                       333.0          262.5
Capital and reserves
Called up share capital                                                                                e            6.3           6.3
Share premium                                                                                                    188.6          188.6
Profit and loss account1                                                                                          138.1          67.6
Total shareholders’ equity                                                                                       333.0          262.5
1 Includes profit after tax for the year of £125.5m (2021: £69.6m).


The financial statements of Diploma PLC and the notes on 176 to 178, which form part of these financial statements, company number
3899848, were approved by the Board of Directors on 21 November 2022 and signed on its behalf by:

JD Thomson
Chief Executive Officer

C Davies
Chief Financial Officer

PARENT COMPANY STATEMENT OF CHANGE S IN EQUIT Y
FO R TH E Y E A R EN D ED 30 SEP TEM B ER 2022
                                                                                                                                  Total
                                                                                     Share          Share      Retained   shareholders’
                                                                                    capital      premium       earnings         equity
                                                                      Note             £m             £m            £m              £m
At 1 October 2020                                                                     6.3          188.6          50.4         245.3
Total Comprehensive Income                                               a              –              –          69.6          69.6
Dividends paid                                                           f              –              –         (52.9)        (52.9)
Settlement of LTIP awards                                                e              –              –           0.5           0.5
At 30 September 2021                                                                  6.3          188.6          67.6         262.5
Total Comprehensive Income                                               a              –              –         125.5         125.5
Dividends paid                                                           f              –              –         (56.2)        (56.2)
Settlement of LTIP awards                                                               –              –           1.2           1.2
At 30 September 2022                                                                  6.3         188.6          138.1         333.0




176 Diploma PLC Annual Report 2022
NOTE S TO THE PARENT COMPANY FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FO R TH E Y E A R EN D ED 30 SEP TEM B ER 2022




a) Accounting policies
a.1) Basis of accounting
The Parent Company Financial Statements (the Financial Statements) have been prepared consistently in accordance with the Companies
Act 2006 and FRS 101 (Reduced Disclosures Framework). The Directors conﬁrm they have a reasonable expectation that the Company has
adequate resources to continue in operational existence for the foreseeable future and accordingly, they continue to adopt the going
concern basis in preparing the Financial Statements. The Financial Statements, which are prepared on a historical cost basis, are presented
in UK sterling and all values are rounded to the nearest 100,000 except when otherwise indicated.



                                                                                                                                                   Overview
Diploma PLC is a public company limited by shares incorporated in the United Kingdom, and registered and domiciled in England and Wales
and listed on the London Stock Exchange. The address of the registered office is 10-11 Charterhouse Square, London EC1M 6EE. The financial
statements were authorised by the Directors for publication on 21 November 2022.

The following disclosures have not been provided as permitted by FRS 101:

– a cash flow statement and related notes;
– a comparative period reconciliation for share capital;
– disclosures in respect of transactions with wholly owned subsidiaries;
– disclosures in respect of capital management;
– the effects of new but not yet effective IFRS;




                                                                                                                                                   Strategic Report
– disclosures in respect of the compensation of key management personnel as required.

The Company has also taken the exemption under FRS 101 available in respect of the requirements of paragraphs 45(b) and 46 to 52 of
IFRS 2 (Share-based Payment) in respect of Group settled share-based payments as the consolidated financial statements of the Company
include the equivalent disclosures within the Remuneration Committee Report.

a.2) Total Comprehensive Income
Total Comprehensive Income comprises dividends received from subsidiaries, interest payable on inter-company balances at the UK base
rate, plus 1.5% and that are repayable on demand.

a.3) Dividend income
Dividend income is recognised when received. Final dividend distributions are recognised in the Company’s Financial Statements in the year




                                                                                                                                                   Corporate Governance
in which the dividends are approved by the Company’s shareholders. Interim dividends are recognised when paid.

a.4) Diploma PLC Employment Benefit Trust and employee share schemes
Shares held by the Diploma PLC Employee Benefit Trust (the Trust) are stated at cost and accounted for as a deduction from shareholders’
equity in accordance with IAS 32, as applied by FRS 101. Shares that are held by the Trust are not eligible for dividends until such time as the
awards have vested and options have been exercised by the participants.

a.5) Auditors’ remuneration
Fees payable to the auditors for the audit of the Company’s financial statements of £3,500 (2021: £3,500) were borne by a fellow Group
undertaking.




                                                                                                                                                   Financial Statements
b) Directors’ and employees’ remuneration
No remuneration is paid directly by the Company; information on the Directors’ remuneration (which is paid by a subsidiary company) and
their interests in the share capital of the Company are set out in the Remuneration Committee Report on pages 114 to 138 and note 4 to the
Consolidated Financial Statements on page 148. The Company had no employees (2021: none).

c) Company profit and loss account
As permitted by section 408 of the Companies Act 2006, no separate profit and loss account is presented for the Company. There were no
gains or losses either in the current or preceding years recognised in Other Comprehensive Income. The Company’s profit for the year was
£125.5m (2021: profit of £69.6m), before settlement of LTIP awards.




                                                                                                                                                   Other Information




177 Diploma PLC Annual Report 2022
NOTE S TO THE PARENT COMPANY FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FO R TH E Y E A R EN D ED 30 SEP TEM B ER 2022
CO NTI N U ED




d) Investments
                                                                                                                            2022             2021
                                                                                                                             £m               £m
Shares in Group undertakings held at cost
At 30 September                                                                                                            297.2           297.2

A full list of subsidiary and other related undertakings is set out on pages 187 to 189. Investments in subsidiaries are reviewed annually to see
if there are any indicators of impairment. There were none (2021: none).

e) Called up share capital
                                                                                           2022             2021            2022             2021
                                                                                         Number          Number              £m               £m
Issued, authorised and fully paid ordinary shares of 5p each
At 30 September                                                                     124,616,170     124,563,515              6.3             6.3

During the year, 72,262 ordinary shares in the Company (2021: 27,914) were transferred from the Trust to participants on an after income tax
basis in connection with the exercise of options in respect of awards which had vested under the 2011 Long-Term Incentive Plan, as set out in
the Remuneration Committee Report.

At 30 September 2022, the Trust held 71,033 (2021: 90,640) ordinary shares in the Company representing 0.1% of the called up share capital.
The market value of the shares at 30 September 2022 was £1.7m (2021: £2.6m).

f) Dividends
Details in respect of dividends proposed and paid during the year by the Company are included in note 7 to the consolidated financial
statements.




178 Diploma PLC Annual Report 2022
INDEPENDENT AUDITORS’ REPORT TO THE MEMBERS OF DIPLOMA PLC




REPORT ON THE AUDIT OF THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Opinion
In our opinion:

– Diploma PLC’s Group financial statements and Parent Company financial statements (the “financial statements”) give a true and fair
  view of the state of the Group’s and of the Parent Company’s affairs as at 30 September 2022 and of the Group’s profit and the Group’s


                                                                                                                                               Overview
  cash flows for the year then ended;
– the Group financial statements have been properly prepared in accordance with UK-adopted international accounting standards;
– the Parent Company financial statements have been properly prepared in accordance with United Kingdom Generally Accepted
  Accounting Practice (United Kingdom Accounting Standards, comprising FRS 101 “Reduced Disclosure Framework”, and applicable law);
  and
– the financial statements have been prepared in accordance with the requirements of the Companies Act 2006.

We have audited the financial statements, included within the Annual Report (the “Annual Report”), which comprise: the Consolidated
and Parent Company Statements of Financial Position as at 30 September 2022; the Consolidated Income Statement, the Consolidated
Statement of Comprehensive Income, the Consolidated Cash Flow Statement, and the Consolidated and Parent Company Statements
of Changes in Equity for the year then ended; and the notes to the financial statements, which include a description of the significant
accounting policies.




                                                                                                                                               Strategic Report
Our opinion is consistent with our reporting to the Audit Committee.

Basis for opinion
We conducted our audit in accordance with International Standards on Auditing (UK) (“ISAs (UK)”) and applicable law. Our responsibilities
under ISAs (UK) are further described in the Auditors’ responsibilities for the audit of the financial statements section of our report. We
believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.

Independence
We remained independent of the Group in accordance with the ethical requirements that are relevant to our audit of the financial
statements in the UK, which includes the FRC’s Ethical Standard, as applicable to listed public interest entities, and we have fulfilled our




                                                                                                                                               Corporate Governance
other ethical responsibilities in accordance with these requirements.

To the best of our knowledge and belief, we declare that non-audit services prohibited by the FRC’s Ethical Standard were not provided.

Other than those disclosed in note 25, we have provided no non-audit services to the Parent Company or its controlled undertakings in the
period under audit.




                                                                                                                                               Financial Statements




                                                                                                                                               Other Information




179 Diploma PLC Annual Report 2022
INDEPENDENT AUDITORS’ REPORT TO THE MEMBERS OF DIPLOMA PLC
CO NTI N U ED




Our audit approach
Overview
Audit scope
– The Group is split into three Sectors (Life Sciences, Seals and Controls) and we have conducted audit work across all of them. Through our
  full scope component audits, audit of the consolidation and additional audit procedures performed at a Group level we have achieved
  coverage of 75% (2021:79%) of Group profit before tax and 75% (2021: 77%) of Group revenue.

Key audit matters
– Valuation of the intangibles for the R&G and Accuscience acquisitions (Group)
– Carrying value of investments in subsidiaries (parent)

Materiality
– Overall Group materiality: £6.2m (2021: £4.8m) based on approximately 5% of profit before tax.
– Overall Parent Company materiality: £3.3m (2021: £3.0m) based on 1% of total assets.
– Performance materiality: £4.7m (2021: £3.6m) (Group) and: £2.5m (2021: £2.2m) (Parent Company).


The scope of our audit
As part of designing our audit, we determined materiality and assessed the risks of material misstatement in the financial statements.

Key audit matters
Key audit matters are those matters that, in the auditors’ professional judgement, were of most significance in the audit of the financial
statements of the current period and include the most significant assessed risks of material misstatement (whether or not due to fraud)
identified by the auditors, including those which had the greatest effect on: the overall audit strategy; the allocation of resources in the
audit; and directing the efforts of the engagement team. These matters, and any comments we make on the results of our procedures
thereon, were addressed in the context of our audit of the financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do
not provide a separate opinion on these matters.

This is not a complete list of all risks identified by our audit.

Carrying value of investments in subsidiaries (Parent Company) and Valuation of the intangibles for the R&G and Accuscience acquisitions
(Group) are new key audit matters this year. Provision for impairment of inventories – Controls Sector (Group) and Accounting for the Windy
City Wire acquisition (intangibles valuation)(Group), which were key audit matters last year, are no longer included because of the reduced
impact of COVID-19 on the industries in which the Controls Sector operates and there is no significant risk associated with the ongoing
accounting for, or valuation of, the Windy City Wire intangibles.




180 Diploma PLC Annual Report 2022
Key audit matter                                                         How our audit addressed the key audit matter
Valuation of the intangibles for the R&G and Accuscience                 Procedures undertaken to address the significant risk identified in
acquisitions (Group)                                                     respect of the valuation of the acquired intangibles include:
Refer to page 175 Significant accounting estimates and critical
judgements (Acquisition accounting) and note 21 (Acquisitions and        We validated the mathematical accuracy of management’s models
disposals of businesses) within the Group consolidated financial         and appropriateness of the methodologies used to determine the
statements.                                                              fair values, with support from our internal valuation experts.



                                                                                                                                               Overview
The Group acquired R&G and Accuscience businesses for a                  We obtained an understanding of the assumptions used to
consideration of £142.2m.                                                determine these estimates and identified the following key
                                                                         assumptions:
Acquired intangible assets of £80.7m were identified and recognised
in respect of these acquisitions. These included customer                – Discount rates: We engaged our valuation experts to corroborate
relationships (£77.0m), and brands (£3.7m).                                the reasonableness of the discount rates using comparable
                                                                           market data, for example discount rates of other companies in
We have identified a significant risk associated with the valuation        similar industries.
of the intangibles due to the magnitude of the acquisitions, the         – Forecast revenue growth rates and margins: We compared the
significant level of estimation involved in determining the fair value     assumptions in respect of forecast revenue growth rates and
of the acquired intangibles and their sensitivity to changes in key        margins to historical trading experience and the actual trading




                                                                                                                                               Strategic Report
assumptions.                                                               performance of the businesses post acquisition. In addition, we
                                                                           compared the forecasts used in the valuations to the Board
The valuation of the identifiable intangible assets requires               approved budgets, the three year forecast and comparable
management estimation as it is dependent on a number of key                companies.
assumptions including forecast revenue growth rates, discount rates      – Customer attrition rates: In respect of the customer relationship
and average historical customer attrition rates. In considering such       intangible assets, we corroborated the customer attrition rate
assumptions, there is an inherent level of estimation uncertainty          assumptions and forecast cash flows. We compared the
and subjectivity.                                                          assumptions in respect of forecast cash flows to historical
                                                                           customer sales, we engaged our valuation experts to assist in the
                                                                           evaluation of the methodology used by management.




                                                                                                                                               Corporate Governance
                                                                         From our procedures we concluded that management’s estimate
                                                                         of the fair values of the acquired intangibles are appropriate.


Carrying value of investments in subsidiaries (Parent                    We checked that the net assets on the balance sheets of the
Company)                                                                 individual investments were in excess of the carrying value of the
At the balance sheet date, the Parent Company had investments            Parent Company’s investment in those subsidiaries. In addition, our
in subsidiaries of £297.2m (2021: £297.2m). Refer to the Parent          work performed through the audit did not identify any other
Company Statement of Financial Position and note d within the            impairment indicators regarding the recoverability of the carrying
Parent Company financial statements.                                     value of those investments at the balance sheet date. We have no
                                                                         issues to report in respect of this work.
We have focused our audit efforts on this balance given the




                                                                                                                                               Financial Statements
significance of it. The carrying amount of the Parent Company’s
investments in subsidiaries represents 89% of the Parent Company’s
total assets (2021: 100%). Given the trading performance of the
underlying subsidiary investments, we do not consider the valuation
of these investments to be at a high risk of material misstatement
or to be subject to a significant level of impairment judgement/
estimation. However, due to their materiality in the context of the
Parent Company financial statements as a whole, it is considered to
be the area on which the most audit effort is focused for the Parent
Company.




                                                                                                                                               Other Information




181 Diploma PLC Annual Report 2022
INDEPENDENT AUDITORS’ REPORT TO THE MEMBERS OF DIPLOMA PLC
CO NTI N U ED




How we tailored the audit scope
We tailored the scope of our audit to ensure that we performed enough work to be able to give an opinion on the financial statements as a
whole, taking into account the structure of the Group and the Parent Company, the accounting processes and controls, and the industry in
which they operate.

The Group is focused on three core Sectors (Life Sciences, Seals and Controls) with operations primarily geographically located in Australia,
Canada, the USA, the UK and Continental Europe. Within the aforementioned Sectors are a number of businesses / management reporting
entities which are consolidated by Group management. The financial statements are a consolidation of multiple reporting components
representing the operating businesses within these three core Sectors. Our audit scope was determined by considering the significance of
each component’s contribution to profit before tax and contribution to individual financial statement line items, with specific consideration
to obtaining sufficient coverage over significant risks and other areas of higher risk. We identified 20 financial reporting components across
eight countries for which we determined that full scope audits would need to be performed. Through our full scope audits, the audit of the
consolidation and other audit procedures performed at a Group level, we have achieved coverage of 75% of the Group’s profit before tax
and 75% of the Group’s revenue, giving us the evidence we needed for our opinion on the financial statements as a whole.

The reporting components, excluding those audited by the Group engagement team, were audited by eight component teams. The Group
engagement team attended audit clearance meetings via video conference or in-person, met with management from certain UK, USA
and Canada businesses and discussed the audit approach and audit findings with all reporting component teams. Our attendance at the
clearance meetings, reviews of the component team reporting, and review and discussion of the audit working papers of a number of
overseas locations, together with the additional procedures performed at Group level, gave us the evidence we needed for our opinion on
the financial statements as a whole. Our audit procedures at the Group level included the audit of the consolidation, fair value adjustments
and intangible asset valuations on acquisitions, goodwill and investment impairment trigger assessments, UK pensions and certain tax
procedures. The Group engagement team also performed the audit of the Parent Company and five UK components.

As part of our audit we made enquiries of management to understand the process they have adopted to assess the extent of the potential
impact of climate change risk on the Group and Parent Company financial statements. Management considers that the impact of climate
change does not give rise to a material financial statement impact due to the Group’s decentralised and diverse nature and agility to adapt
to changing end markets. We used our knowledge of the Group to evaluate management’s assessment. We particularly considered how
climate change risks would impact the assumptions made in the forecasts prepared by management and used in their impairment and
going concern analysis. We discussed with management the ways in which climate change disclosures should continue to evolve as the
Group continues to develop its response to the impact of climate change. We also considered the consistency of disclosures in relation to
climate change contained in the other information within the Annual Report to the financial statements and our knowledge from our audit.


Materiality
The scope of our audit was influenced by our application of materiality. We set certain quantitative thresholds for materiality. These,
together with qualitative considerations, helped us to determine the scope of our audit and the nature, timing and extent of our audit
procedures on the individual financial statement line items and disclosures and in evaluating the effect of misstatements, both individually
and in aggregate on the financial statements as a whole.

Based on our professional judgement, we determined materiality for the financial statements as a whole as follows:


                                                Financial statements - Group                    Financial statements - Parent Company
Overall materiality                             £6.2m (2021: £4.8m).                            £ 3.3m (2021: £3.0m).
How we determined it                            Approximately 5% of Profit before tax           1% of Total assets
Rationale for benchmark applied                 An appropriate measure for a listed group       A typical measure used by shareholders in
                                                and one of the key measures used by the         assessing the performance of a holding
                                                shareholders in assessing the statutory         company and a generally accepted auditing
                                                performance of the Group.                       benchmark.

For each component in the scope of our Group audit, we allocated a materiality that is less than our overall Group materiality. The range of
materiality allocated across components was £0.4m and £5.6m. Certain components were audited to a local statutory audit materiality
that was also less than our allocated component materiality.

We use performance materiality to reduce to an appropriately low level the probability that the aggregate of uncorrected and undetected
misstatements exceeds overall materiality. Specifically, we use performance materiality in determining the scope of our audit and the
nature and extent of our testing of account balances, classes of transactions and disclosures, for example in determining sample sizes. Our
performance materiality was 75% (2021: 75%) of overall materiality, amounting to £4.7m (2021: £3.6m) for the Group financial statements
and £2.5m (2021: £2.2m) for the Parent Company financial statements.

In determining the performance materiality, we considered a number of factors - the history of misstatements, risk assessment and
aggregation risk and the effectiveness of controls - and concluded that an amount at the upper end of our normal range was appropriate.

We agreed with the Audit Committee that we would report to them misstatements identified during our audit above £312,000 (Group



182 Diploma PLC Annual Report 2022
audit) (2021: £250,000) and £165,000 (Parent Company audit) (2021: £149,000) as well as misstatements below those amounts that, in our
view, warranted reporting for qualitative reasons.

Conclusions relating to going concern
Our evaluation of the directors’ assessment of the Group’s and the Parent Company’s ability to continue to adopt the going concern basis
of accounting included:

– Reviewing management’s going concern assessment to ensure it was based upon the latest Board approved forecasts and that the cash

                                                                                                                                                      Overview
  flow assumptions were consistent with our understanding of the outlook for the Group’s businesses and the wider market;
– Testing the mathematical accuracy of the model;
– Corroborating key model inputs with other procedures performed over the course of the audit;
– Discussing conclusions with management across the business to ensure consistency and gain perspective on the developments within the
  business;
– Comparison of the prior year forecasts against current year actual performance to assess management’s ability to forecast accurately;
  and
– Reviewing the latest signed financing agreements to validate covenants used in the modelling and the timing of debt maturities.

Based on the work we have performed, we have not identified any material uncertainties relating to events or conditions that, individually
or collectively, may cast significant doubt on the Group’s and the Parent Company’s ability to continue as a going concern for a period of




                                                                                                                                                      Strategic Report
at least twelve months from when the financial statements are authorised for issue.

In auditing the financial statements, we have concluded that the directors’ use of the going concern basis of accounting in the preparation
of the financial statements is appropriate.

However, because not all future events or conditions can be predicted, this conclusion is not a guarantee as to the Group’s and the Parent
Company’s ability to continue as a going concern.

In relation to the directors’ reporting on how they have applied the UK Corporate Governance Code, we have nothing material to add or
draw attention to in relation to the directors’ statement in the financial statements about whether the directors considered it appropriate
to adopt the going concern basis of accounting.




                                                                                                                                                      Corporate Governance
Our responsibilities and the responsibilities of the directors with respect to going concern are described in the relevant sections of this report.


Reporting on other information
The other information comprises all of the information in the Annual Report other than the financial statements and our auditors’ report
thereon. The directors are responsible for the other information, which includes reporting based on the Task Force on Climate-related
Financial Disclosures (TCFD) recommendations. Our opinion on the financial statements does not cover the other information and,
accordingly, we do not express an audit opinion or, except to the extent otherwise explicitly stated in this report, any form of assurance
thereon.




                                                                                                                                                      Financial Statements
In connection with our audit of the financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other information and, in doing so, consider
whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the financial statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit, or otherwise
appears to be materially misstated. If we identify an apparent material inconsistency or material misstatement, we are required to perform
procedures to conclude whether there is a material misstatement of the financial statements or a material misstatement of the other
information. If, based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other information, we are
required to report that fact. We have nothing to report based on these responsibilities.

With respect to the Strategic Report and Directors’ Report, we also considered whether the disclosures required by the UK Companies Act
2006 have been included.

Based on our work undertaken in the course of the audit, the Companies Act 2006 requires us also to report certain opinions and matters
as described below.




                                                                                                                                                      Other Information
Strategic Report and Directors’ Report
In our opinion, based on the work undertaken in the course of the audit, the information given in the Strategic Report and Directors’ Report
for the year ended 30 September 2022 is consistent with the financial statements and has been prepared in accordance with applicable
legal requirements.

In light of the knowledge and understanding of the Group and Parent Company and their environment obtained in the course of the audit,
we did not identify any material misstatements in the Strategic Report and Directors’ Report.

Directors’ Remuneration
In our opinion, the part of the Remuneration Committee Report to be audited has been properly prepared in accordance with the
Companies Act 2006.




183 Diploma PLC Annual Report 2022
INDEPENDENT AUDITORS’ REPORT TO THE MEMBERS OF DIPLOMA PLC
CO NTI N U ED




Corporate governance statement
The Listing Rules require us to review the directors’ statements in relation to going concern, longer-term viability and that part of the
corporate governance statement relating to the Parent Company’s compliance with the provisions of the UK Corporate Governance Code
specified for our review. Our additional responsibilities with respect to the corporate governance statement as other information are
described in the Reporting on other information section of this report.

Based on the work undertaken as part of our audit, we have concluded that each of the following elements of the corporate governance
statement is materially consistent with the financial statements and our knowledge obtained during the audit, and we have nothing
material to add or draw attention to in relation to:

– The directors’ confirmation that they have carried out a robust assessment of the emerging and principal risks;
– The disclosures in the Annual Report that describe those principal risks, what procedures are in place to identify emerging risks and an
  explanation of how these are being managed or mitigated;
– The directors’ statement in the financial statements about whether they considered it appropriate to adopt the going concern basis of
  accounting in preparing them, and their identification of any material uncertainties to the Group’s and Parent Company’s ability to
  continue to do so over a period of at least twelve months from the date of approval of the financial statements;
– The directors’ explanation as to their assessment of the Group’s and Parent Company’s prospects, the period this assessment covers and
  why the period is appropriate; and
– The directors’ statement as to whether they have a reasonable expectation that the Parent Company will be able to continue in
  operation and meet its liabilities as they fall due over the period of its assessment, including any related disclosures drawing attention to
  any necessary qualifications or assumptions.

Our review of the directors’ statement regarding the longer-term viability of the Group was substantially less in scope than an audit and
only consisted of making inquiries and considering the directors’ process supporting their statement; checking that the statement is in
alignment with the relevant provisions of the UK Corporate Governance Code; and considering whether the statement is consistent with
the financial statements and our knowledge and understanding of the Group and Parent Company and their environment obtained in the
course of the audit.

In addition, based on the work undertaken as part of our audit, we have concluded that each of the following elements of the corporate
governance statement is materially consistent with the financial statements and our knowledge obtained during the audit:

– The directors’ statement that they consider the Annual Report, taken as a whole, is fair, balanced and understandable, and provides the
  information necessary for the members to assess the Group’s and Parent Company’s position, performance, business model and
  strategy;
– The section of the Annual Report that describes the review of effectiveness of risk management and internal control systems; and
– The section of the Annual Report describing the work of the Audit Committee.

We have nothing to report in respect of our responsibility to report when the directors’ statement relating to the Parent Company’s
compliance with the Code does not properly disclose a departure from a relevant provision of the Code specified under the Listing Rules for
review by the auditors.




184 Diploma PLC Annual Report 2022
Responsibilities for the financial statements and the audit
Responsibilities of the directors for the financial statements
As explained more fully in the Statement of Directors’ responsibilities for preparing the financial statements, the directors are responsible for
the preparation of the financial statements in accordance with the applicable framework and for being satisfied that they give a true and
fair view. The directors are also responsible for such internal control as they determine is necessary to enable the preparation of financial
statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.

In preparing the financial statements, the directors are responsible for assessing the Group’s and the Parent Company’s ability to continue

                                                                                                                                                    Overview
as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concern basis of accounting unless the
directors either intend to liquidate the Group or the Parent Company or to cease operations, or have no realistic alternative but to do so.

Auditors’ responsibilities for the audit of the financial statements
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements as a whole are free from material misstatement,
whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditors’ report that includes our opinion. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance,
but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with ISAs (UK) will always detect a material misstatement when it exists.
Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be
expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these financial statements.

Irregularities, including fraud, are instances of non-compliance with laws and regulations. We design procedures in line with our




                                                                                                                                                    Strategic Report
responsibilities, outlined above, to detect material misstatements in respect of irregularities, including fraud. The extent to which our
procedures are capable of detecting irregularities, including fraud, is detailed below.

Based on our understanding of the Group and industry, we identified that the principal risks of non-compliance with laws and regulations
related to UK Listing Rules, the Companies Act 2006 and indirect and direct tax laws, and we considered the extent to which non-
compliance might have a material effect on the financial statements. We evaluated management’s incentives and opportunities for
fraudulent manipulation of the financial statements (including the risk of override of controls), and determined that the principal risks were
related to fraudulent journal entries to manipulate the financial performance and management bias in significant accounting estimates, in
order to achieve management incentive scheme targets and market consensus. The Group engagement team shared this risk assessment
with the component auditors so that they could include appropriate audit procedures in response to such risks in their work. Audit
procedures performed by the Group engagement team and/or component auditors included:




                                                                                                                                                    Corporate Governance
– enquiring of Group and local management, including consideration of known or suspected instances of non-compliance with laws and
  regulations and fraud, and review of internal audit reports in so far as they related to the financial statements;
– inspecting management reports and Board minutes
– challenging assumptions and judgements made by management in their accounting estimates, including the inventory provision
– reviewing selected component auditors’ work
– incorporating elements of unpredictability into our work
– identifying and testing journal entries, including those posted with unusual account combinations; and
– reviewing financial statement disclosures and testing these to supporting documentation to assess compliance with applicable laws
  and regulations.

There are inherent limitations in the audit procedures described above. We are less likely to become aware of instances of non-compliance




                                                                                                                                                    Financial Statements
with laws and regulations that are not closely related to events and transactions reflected in the financial statements. Also, the risk of not
detecting a material misstatement due to fraud is higher than the risk of not detecting one resulting from error, as fraud may involve
deliberate concealment by, for example, forgery or intentional misrepresentations, or through collusion.

Our audit testing might include testing complete populations of certain transactions and balances, possibly using data auditing techniques.
However, it typically involves selecting a limited number of items for testing, rather than testing complete populations. We will often seek to
target particular items for testing based on their size or risk characteristics. In other cases, we will use audit sampling to enable us to draw
a conclusion about the population from which the sample is selected.

A further description of our responsibilities for the audit of the financial statements is located on the FRC’s website at: www.frc.org.uk/
auditorsresponsibilities. This description forms part of our auditors’ report.




                                                                                                                                                    Other Information
Use of this report
This report, including the opinions, has been prepared for and only for the Parent Company’s members as a body in accordance with
Chapter 3 of Part 16 of the Companies Act 2006 and for no other purpose. We do not, in giving these opinions, accept or assume
responsibility for any other purpose or to any other person to whom this report is shown or into whose hands it may come save where
expressly agreed by our prior consent in writing.




185 Diploma PLC Annual Report 2022
INDEPENDENT AUDITORS’ REPORT TO THE MEMBERS OF DIPLOMA PLC
CO NTI N U ED




OTHER REQUIRED REPORTING
Companies Act 2006 exception reporting
Under the Companies Act 2006 we are required to report to you if, in our opinion:

– we have not obtained all the information and explanations we require for our audit; or
– adequate accounting records have not been kept by the Parent Company, or returns adequate for our audit have not been received from
  branches not visited by us; or
– certain disclosures of directors’ remuneration specified by law are not made; or
– the Parent Company financial statements and the part of the Remuneration Committee Report to be audited are not in agreement with
  the accounting records and returns.

We have no exceptions to report arising from this responsibility.

Appointment
Following the recommendation of the Audit Committee, we were appointed by the members on 1 March 2018 to audit the financial
statements for the year ended 30 September 2018 and subsequent financial periods. The period of total uninterrupted engagement is
5 years, covering the years ended 30 September 2018 to 30 September 2022.


Christopher Burns (Senior Statutory Auditor)
for and on behalf of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP
Chartered Accountants and Statutory Auditors
London
21 November 2022




186 Diploma PLC Annual Report 2022
SUBSIDIARIE S OF DIPLOMA PLC



                                                Registered office address*                                                     Registered office address*
Seals                                                                        Hose & Hydraulics Group Limited2 & (98% owned)                          A
HB Sealing Products, Inc.                                              D     Grimsby Hydraulic Services Limited2 & (98% owned)                       A
HKX, Inc.                                                              E     Pneumatic Services Limited2 & (88.5% owned)                             A
RTD Seals Corp.                                                        C     AMG (Brighouse) Limited2 & (98% owned)                                  A
VSP Technologies, Inc.                                                 C     Millennium Coupling Company Limited2 & (98% owned)                      A
HB Sealing Products Limited                                            Q     Fluid Power Products Limited1 & (98% owned)                             A

                                                                                                                                                            Overview
M Seals A/S(90% owned)                                                 M     Industrial Hose & Pipe Fittings Limited2 & (98% owned)                  A
M Seals AB(90% owned)                                                  N     Millennium Engineering (2012) Limited2 & (98% owned)                    A
M Seals UK Limited2                                                    A     Anti-Corrosion Technology Pty Limited                                  AH
Edco Seal and Supply Limited1                                          A
Diploma (Tianjin) Trading Co. Limited                                  V
Diploma CCA Limited1                                                   A
FPE Seals Limited2                                                     A
DMR Seals (Holdings) Limited2                                          A
DMR Gaskets Limited2                                                   A




                                                                                                                                                            Strategic Report
DMR Seals Limited2                                                     A
A.B. Seals Limited1                                                    A
Swan Seals (Aberdeen) Limited1                                         A
FPE Seals BV                                                           J
Kubo Tech AG                                                           K
Kubo Tech GmbH                                                         L
PumpNSeal Australia Pty Limited                                        R
TotalSeal Group Australia Pty Limited                                  S
TotalSeal New Caledonia SAS                                            U




                                                                                                                                                            Corporate Governance
Fitt Management Pty Limited                                           AB
Fitt Resources Pty Limited                                            AB
Fitt Trading Pty Limited                                              AB
Merseyflex Limited2 & (98% owned)                                      A
R&G Investments Limited2 & (98% owned)                                 A
One Stop Fluid Power Limited2 & (98% owned)                            A
Pearson Hose & Hydraulics Limited2 & (98% owned)                       A
Northern Hose & Hydraulics Limited1 & (98% owned)                      A
Exeter Hose & Hydraulics Limited2 & (98% owned)                        A
North Devon Hose & Hydraulics Limited2 & (98% owned)                   A




                                                                                                                                                            Financial Statements
Pressurelines Hose & Hydraulics Limited2 & (98% owned)                 A
Somerset Hose & Hydraulics Limited2 & (98% owned)                      A
West Cornwall Hose & Hydraulics Limited2 & (98% owned)                 A
Pearson Hydraulics Limited2 & (98% owned)                              A
Henry Gallacher Limited2 & (98% owned)                                 A
Fluidair Power Limited2 & (98% owned)                                  A
GHS Limited2 & (98% owned)                                             A
Global Hydraulic Services Limited2 & (98% owned)                       A
Pennine Pneumatic Services Limited2 & (88.5% owned)                    A




                                                                                                                                                            Other Information
Compcon Limited2 & (88.5% owned)                                       A
Norman Walker (Machinery) Limited2 & (88.5% owned)                     A
Rubberfast Limited2 & (98% owned)                                      A
Rubberlast Group Limited2 & (98% owned)                                A
Hydraulic & Offshore Supplies Limited2 & (98% owned)                   A
Lancashire Hose and Fittings Limited2 & (98% owned)                    A
Hyphose Limited2 & (98% owned)                                         A
AMG Sealing Limited2 & (98% owned)                                     A
Hydraproducts Limited2 & (98% owned)                                   A
Century Hose Limited2 & (98% owned)                                    A
Flexicon Industrial Supplies Limited2 & (98% owned)                    A
Integraflex Limited2 & (98% owned)                                     A
Intrico Products1 & (98% owned)                                        A

187 Diploma PLC Annual Report 2022
SUBSIDIARIE S OF DIPLOMA PLC
CO NTI N U ED




                                          Registered office address*                                            Registered office address*
Controls                                                               Life Sciences
IS-Rayfast Limited                                               A     Somagen Diagnostics Inc.                                        F
IS-Motorsport, Inc.                                              C     AMT Electrosurgery Inc.                                         P
Amfast Limited1                                                  A     Vantage Endoscopy Inc.                                          P
Clarendon Specialty Fasteners Limited                            A     Big Green Surgical Company Pty Limited                          R
Clarendon Specialty Fasteners (Asia) Limited                     X     Diagnostic Solutions Pty Limited                                R
Clarendon Specialty Fasteners, Inc.                              B     Sphere Surgical Pty Limited                                     R
Clarendon Engineering Supplies Limited1                          A     Aspire Surgical Pty Limited                                     R
Clarendon Speciality Fasteners GmbH                              Y     Big Green Surgical NZ Limited                                   T
Cabletec Interconnect Component Systems Limited1                 A     Techno-Path (Distribution) Limited                              W
Sommer GmbH                                                      G     Abacus dx Pty Limited                                           R
Filcon Electronic GmbH                                           H     Abacus dx Limited                                               T
Actios SAS                                                       O     Simonsen and Weel A/S                                          AC
Gremtek SAS                                                      O     Simonsen and Weel AB                                           AA
Gremco UK Limited1                                               A     Kungshusen Medicinska AB                                       AD
Gremtek GmbH1                                                     I    Accu-Science Ireland Limited                                   AF
Ascome SARL                                                      O     Medilink Services (NI) Limited2                                AE
Cablecraft Limited1                                              A
Birch Valley Plastics Limited1                                   A
Krempfast Limited2                                               A
Betaduct Limited1                                                A
Hawco Limited                                                    A
Abbeychart Limited1                                              A
HA Wainwright Limited1                                           A
Hawco Refrigeration Limited1                                     A
Hawco, Inc.                                                      C
Microtherm UK Limited1                                           A
IS Group (Europe) Limited1                                       A
Specialty Fasteners Limited1                                     A
Specialty Fasteners & Components Limited1                        A
FSC UK Limited1                                                  A
FS Cables Limited1                                               A
FSC Global Limited1                                              A
Caplink Limited1                                                 A
Shoal Group Limited                                              A
Specialised Wiring Accessories Limited2                          A
M-Tec Limited1 & (95% owned)                                     A
Techsil Limited2 & (95% owned)                                   A
Glueline Limited1 & (95% owned)                                  A
Twist Acquisitions, LLC                                          Z
WCW Intermediate Holdings LLC                                    Z
Windy City Wire Cable & Technology Products LLC                  Z
LJR Electronics LLC                                             AG
Buy Deutsch Connectors, LLC                                     AG




188 Diploma PLC Annual Report 2022
                                                             Registered office address*
Intermediate holding companies
Diploma Holdings PLC                                                                 A
Diploma Holdings, Inc.                                                               C
Pride Limited2                                                                       A
Diploma Australia Holdings Limited2                                                  A
Diploma Canada Holdings Limited2                                                     A


                                                                                           Overview
Diploma Overseas Limited                                                             A
Napier Group Limited                                                                 A
Williamson, Cliff Limited2                                                           A
Diploma One Limited1                                                                 A
Diploma Two Limited1                                                                 A
Newlandglebe Limited2                                                                A
Diploma Holding Germany GmbH                                                         G
Diploma Canada Healthcare Inc.                                                       F
Diploma Australia Healthcare Pty Limited                                             R




                                                                                           Strategic Report
Diploma Australia Seals Pty Limited                                                  R
Techsil Group Holdings Limited2 & (95% owned)                                        A
Techsil Holdings Limited2 & (95% owned)                                              A
R&G Fluid Power Holdings Limited2                                                    A
R&G Fluid Power Group Limited2 & (98% owned)                                         A
1 Dormant company.
2 These subsidiaries, which are incorporated in England, are exempt from the
  requirements of the UK Companies Act 2006 relating to the audit of individual
  accounts by virtue of section 479A of the Act, with Diploma PLC providing the relevant
  guarantee.




                                                                                           Corporate Governance
All subsidiaries are wholly owned, except where otherwise indicated.

All subsidiaries are owned through ordinary shares.

* Registered office address shown overleaf

A  10-11 Charterhouse Square, London, EC1M 6EE, UK.
B  5716 Corsa Avenue, Ste 110, Westlake Village, CA 91362-7354, USA.
C  919 North Market Street, Suite 950, Wilmington, DE 19801, USA.
D  17888 67th Court North, Loxahatchee, FL 33470-2525, USA.
E  4505 Pacific Highway East, Suite C2, Fife, WA 98424-2638, USA.
F  3400 First Canadian Centre, 350-7th Avenue SW, Calgary, Alberta T2P 3N9, Canada.
G  Kraichgaustrasse 5, D-73765 Neuhausen, Germany.
H  Rotwandweg 5, D-82024, Taufkirchen/München, Germany.
I  20-24 Robert Bosch Strasse, 25451 Quickborn, Germany.




                                                                                           Financial Statements
J  Industrieterrein Dombosch 1, Elftweg 38, 4941 VP Raamsdonksveer, the Netherlands.
K  Im Langhag 5, 8307 Illnau-Effretikon, Switzerland.
L  Gewerbeallee 12a, 4221 Steyregg, Austria.
M  Bybjergvej 13, DK 3060, Espergaerde, Denmark.
N  Industrivagen 17, SE-302, 41 Halmstad, Sweden.
O  58 rue du Fosse blanc, 92230 Gennevilliers, France.
P  333 Bay St., Suite 2400, Toronto, Ontario M5H 2T6, Canada.
Q  226 Lockhart Road, Barrie, Ontario, L4N 9G8, Canada.
R  46 Albert Street, Preston, Victoria, 3072, Australia.
S  72 Platinum Street, Crestmead, Queensland, 4132, Australia.
T  Office of Bendall & Cant Ltd, Southern Cross Building, 61 High Street, Auckland,
   New Zealand.
U 22 Avenue des Géomètres Pionniers, ZAC PANDA – 98835, Dumbéa, New Caledonia.
V 18 Fuyuandao Road, Wuqing Development Area, Tianjin, China.
W Fort Henry Business Park, Ballina, Co. Tipperary, Ireland.




                                                                                           Other Information
X 98/155 Soi Supapong 1 Yak 6, Srinakarin Road, Nongbon, Bangkok, Thailand.
Y Kriegackerstrasse 32, 72469 Messtetten, Germany.
Z 386 Internationale Drive Suite H Bolingbrook, IL 60440 United States.
AA Flöjelbergsgatan 8 A, 43137 Mölndal, Sweden.
AB 27 Awaba Street, Lisarow NSW 2250, Australia.
AC Vejlegårdsvej 59, 2665 Vallensbæk Strand, Denmark.
AD Kikarvägen 14, 647 35 Mariefred, Sweden.
AE 81 Sydenham Road, Belfast, Antrim, BT3 9DJ
AF Unit C3, M7 Business Park, Newhall, NAAS Kildare, Ireland
AG 2072 Byers Rd, Miamisburg, OH, 45342-1167, United States
AH 3/13 Selhurst St, BRISBANE QLD 4108, Australia




189 Diploma PLC Annual Report 2022
FINANCIAL C ALENDAR AND SHAREHOLDER INFORMATION



Announcements (provisional dates)                                 Shareholders’ enquiries
                                                                  If you have any enquiry about the Company’s business or about
Q1 Trading Update released                     18 January 2023    something affecting you as a shareholder (other than questions
Annual General Meeting (2022)                  18 January 2023    dealt with by Computershare Investor Services PLC) you are invited
                                                                  to contact the Group Company Secretary at the address shown
Half Year Results announced                        15 May 2023
                                                                  below.
Q3 Trading Update released                         20 July 2023
Preliminary Results announced               20 November 2023      Group Company Secretary and Registered Office
Annual Report posted to shareholders         8 December 2023      John Morrison Solicitor
                                                                  10-11 Charterhouse Square
Annual General Meeting (2023)                  17 January 2024    London EC1M 6EE
                                                                  Telephone: 020 7549 5700
Dividends (provisional dates)
                                                                  Registered in England and Wales, number 3899848.
Interim announced                                 15 May 2023
Paid                                              5 June 2023     Website
Final announced                             20 November 2023      Diploma’s website is www.diplomaplc.com
Paid (if approved)                              February 2024

Annual Report & Accounts
Copies can be obtained from the Group Company Secretary at the
address shown opposite.

Share Registrar
Computershare Investor Services PLC
The Pavilions
Bridgwater Road
Bristol BS99 6ZZ
Telephone: 0370 7020010

Its website for shareholder enquiries is:
www.computershare.co.uk




190 Diploma PLC Annual Report 2022
ADVISORS



Corporate Stockbrokers
Numis Securities
45 Gresham Street
London EC2V 7BF

Barclays Bank PLC
1 Churchill Place
London E14 5HP


                                     Overview
Independent Auditor
PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP
1 Embankment Place
London WC2N 6RH

Solicitors
Simmons & Simmons LLP
CityPoint
One Ropemaker Street
London EC2Y 9SS




                                     Strategic Report
Bankers
Barclays Bank PLC
1 Churchill Place
London E14 5HP

HSBC Bank plc
City Corporate Banking Centre
60 Queen Victoria Street
London EC4N 4TR




                                     Corporate Governance




                                     Financial Statements




                                     Other Information




191 Diploma PLC Annual Report 2022
FIVE YE AR RECORD



                                                                                                  2022                 2021                2020                 2019                2018
Year ended 30 September                                                                            £m                   £m                  £m                   £m                  £m
Revenue                                                                                      1,012.8                 787.4               538.4               544.7                485.1
Adjusted operating profit                                                                       191.2                148.7                  87.1              97.2                 84.9
Net interest and similar charges                                                                (11.6)                 (6.8)               (2.7)              (0.7)                 (0.1)
Adjusted profit before tax                                                                     179.6                  141.9               84.4                96.5                 84.8
Acquisition related and other charges1                                                         (46.9)                (44.4)               (17.3)              (13.1)               (11.7)
Fair value remeasurements                                                                        (3.2)                 (0.9)               (0.4)                0.1                (0.4)
Profit before tax                                                                              129.5                  96.6                66.7                83.5                 72.7
Tax expense                                                                                     (34.1)               (26.9)               (16.9)              (21.1)              (18.3)
Profit for the year                                                                             95.4                   69.7                49.8               62.4                 54.4
Capital structure
Equity shareholders’ funds                                                                     662.0                536.3               527.0                 321.3               291.2
Minority interest                                                                                 6.2                 4.7                  3.7                  3.3                 3.1
Add/(deduct): cash and cash equivalents                                                         (41.7)              (24.8)             (206.8)                (27.0)              (36.0)
                borrowings                                                                     370.6                206.2                    –                 42.1                   –
                retirement benefit (asset) / obligations                                         (6.4)                4.9                18.3                  17.8                10.5
                net acquisition related liabilities2                                             29.6                23.7                 11.5                 11.3                 5.6
                deferred tax, net                                                                38.2                21.9                  7.9                  8.3                 8.4
Reported trading capital employed                                                            1,058.5                772.9               361.6                 377.1               282.8
Add: historic goodwill and acquisition related charges, net of
      deferred tax and currency movements                                                        99.6               129.6                 99.4                 84.3                74.6
Adjusted trading capital employed                                                             1,158.1               902.5                461.0                461.4               357.4
Net (decrease)/increase in net (debt)/funds                                                    (113.8)             (395.5)               224.0                (51.9)                13.1
Add: dividends paid                                                                             56.4                 53.2                 23.4                 30.1                27.0
      acquisition of businesses (including minority interests),
      net of disposals                                                                          177.8               450.5                 14.9                 78.3                20.4
      proceeds from issue of share capital (net of fees)                                            –                 0.6               (189.8)                   –                   –
Free cash flow3                                                                                 120.4               108.8                 72.5                 56.5                60.5
Per ordinary share (p)
Basic earnings                                                                                    76.1                56.1                43.5                 54.7                47.5
Adjusted earnings4                                                                              107.5                 85.2                56.4                 64.3                56.4
Free cash flow3                                                                                  96.7                 87.4                64.0                 49.9                53.5
Dividends                                                                                        53.8                 42.6                30.0                 29.0                25.5
Total shareholders’ equity5                                                                       532                   431                423                  284                 257
Dividend cover6                                                                                    2.0                  2.0                 1.9                  2.2                 2.2
Ratios                                                                                              %                    %                   %                    %                   %
Return on adjusted trading capital employed (ROATCE)7                                            17.3                  17.4                19.1                22.9                24.5
Working capital: revenue                                                                         15.6                 15.8                16.0                 16.5                 15.1
Adjusted operating margin                                                                        18.9                 18.9                16.2                  17.8                17.5
1 Acquisition related and other charges comprise the amortisation and impairment of acquisition intangible assets, acquisition expenses, adjustments to deferred consideration,
  profits/losses on disposal of businesses and other one-off costs.
2 Acquisition liabilities comprise amounts payable for the future purchases of minority interests and deferred consideration.
3 Free cash flow is defined in note 27 to the consolidated financial statements. Free cash flow per share is the free cash flow balance divided by the weighted average number of
  ordinary shares in issue during the year.
4 Adjusted earnings per share is calculated in accordance with note 8 to the consolidated financial statements.
5 Total shareholders’ equity per share has been calculated by dividing equity shareholders’ funds by the number of ordinary shares in issue at the year end.
6 Dividend cover is calculated on adjusted earnings as defined in note 27 to the consolidated financial statements.
7 ROATCE represents adjusted operating profit, before acquisition related charges (adjusted for the full year effect of acquisitions and disposals), as a percentage of adjusted trading
  capital employed. Trading capital employed and adjusted trading capital employed are calculated as defined in note 27 to the consolidated financial statements.




192 Diploma PLC Annual Report 2022
Designed and produced by Gather.London

This report is printed on Amadeus Silk paper and board. The paper
is Forest Stewardship Council® (FSC®) certified from well managed
forests and other controlled sources. The manufacturing mill holds
EMAS (the Eco-Management and Audit Scheme) and ISO 14001
environmental certifications. Printed in the UK by Pureprint Group,
EMAS, ISO 14001, CarbonNeutral® and FSC® certified.
10 - 11 Charterhouse Square
London EC1M 6EE

T +44 (0)20 7549 5700


www.diplomaplc.com
