Your Directors submit their report for the year ended 31 March 2019.




The names and details of the Company’s Directors in office during the financial period and until the date of this report are set out in the following
section. All of the Directors were in office for the entire period unless otherwise stated.




                        Mr McGauchie was appointed a Director on 19 May 2010 and subsequently Chairman on 24 August 2010. Mr McGauchie
                        is the Chairman of the Nomination Committee and a member of the Staff and Remuneration Committee.

                      Mr McGauchie is currently Chairman of Nufarm Limited and Director of GrainCorp Limited. His previous roles with public
                      companies include Chairman of Telstra Corporation Limited, Deputy Chairman of Ridley Corporation Limited, Director of
                      National Foods Limited, Chairman of Woolstock, Chairman of the Victorian Rural Finance Corporation (statutory
                      corporation), Director of James Hardie Industries plc, and also President of the National Farmers Federation. During 2011
he retired as a member of the Reserve Bank Board. In 2001 Mr McGauchie was named the Rabobank Agribusiness Leader of the Year, was later
awarded the Centenary Medal for services to Australian society through agriculture and business and in 2004 was appointed an Officer of the
Order of Australia.

During the past three years, Mr McGauchie has served as a Director of the following listed companies:

>    James Hardie Industries plc – resigned August 2016

>    Nufarm Limited* – appointed December 2003

>    GrainCorp Limited* – appointed December 2009

*Denotes current Directorship




                        Mr Killen was appointed Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer in February 2018. Prior to this, he held the
                        position of Chief Commercial Officer in a consulting capacity assisting AACo’s operations and finance functions.

                        Mr Killen is a highly experienced senior executive with over 25 years’ experience in global financial markets and has
                        worked in London, New York and Sydney.

                        Before joining AACo, Mr Killen spent 15 years at Westpac Institutional Bank. He held several senior executive roles which
                        included managing Westpac Banking Corporation’s North American business throughout the global financial crisis, and
finally as the Managing Director of Fixed Income, Currency and Commodities.

Mr Killen has also served as a board member of the Association for Financial Markets Global Foreign Exchange Division, sat on the Reserve Bank
of Australia’s (RBA) Australian Foreign Exchange Committee, and has represented Australia internationally as the RBA appointed member of the
BIS Working Group developing the Global Code of Conduct for foreign exchange markets.

Mr Killen is an alumni of the Kings School, Parramatta and Harvard Business School and a Member of the Australian Institute of Company
Directors. Mr Killen has a lifelong association with agriculture having being raised on pastoral properties in northern NSW and south-west
Queensland, and has retained strong personal involvement in the industry through private investments in farming.




2      Australian Agricultural Company Limited | ANNUAL REPORT 2019
                        Mr Black was appointed a Director on 5 October 2011. Mr Black is Chairman of the Audit and Risk Management
                        Committee and a member of the Nomination Committee.

                      Mr Black has extensive experience in agribusiness. He is a current non-executive director of NetComm Wireless Limited
                      and TPI Enterprises Ltd, a former director of Coffey International Limited and Country Education Foundation of Australia
                      Limited, and a past President of the Institute of Chartered Accountants of Australia. He was the inaugural Chair and is a
                      past Board Member of the Australian Accounting Professional and Ethical Standards Board. Mr Black is Chairman of the
Chartered Accountants Benevolent Fund Limited.

In 2012 he was appointed a Member of the Order of Australia for services to the profession of accounting, to ethical standards, as a contributor to
professional organisations and to the community.

During the past three years Mr Black has served as a Director of the following listed companies:

>    NetComm Wireless Limited* – appointed March 2013

>    TPI Enterprises Ltd* – appointed June 2016

*Denotes current Directorship




                       Mr Crombie was appointed a Director on 5 October 2011. Mr Crombie is a member of the Staff and Remuneration
                       Committee and is a member of the Audit and Risk Management Committee and the Nomination Committee.

                        Mr Crombie is a Director of Alliance Aviation Services Limited and Barrack Street Investments Limited. He was a founding
                        Partner and former Non-executive Director of the Palladium Group (formerly GRM International). He is former
                        Commissioner of the Australian Centre for International Agricultural Research (ACIAR) and a Director of Foodbank (QLD).
                        Mr Crombie is a former President of the National Farmers Federation, former Chairman of MLA and a former Director of
Grainco Australia, the Meat Industry Council and Export Finance Insurance Corporation.

Mr Crombie operates family properties, breeding cattle and farming in southern Queensland.

During the past three years Mr Crombie has served as a Director of the following listed companies:

>    Alliance Aviation Services Limited* – appointed October 2011

>    Barrack Street Investments Limited* – appointed June 2014

*Denotes current Directorship




                       Mr Keene was appointed a Director on 5 October 2011. Mr Keene is a member of the Audit and Risk Management
                       Committee, the Nomination Committee and Chair of the Staff and Remuneration Committee.

                       Mr Keene has had an extensive career in agriculture and is the former Managing Director of GrainCorp Limited, and is
                       currently a Director of the leading Australian wood fibre exporter, Midway Limited. He is also the former Chairman of Grain
                       Trade Australia Limited and a former Director of Cotton Seed Distributors Limited.

                       In 2007, Mr Keene was named the NAB Agribusiness Leader of the Year.

During the past three years Mr Keene has served as a Director of the following listed companies:

>    Midway Limited* – appointed August 2008

*Denotes current Directorship




3     Australian Agricultural Company Limited | ANNUAL REPORT 2019
                       Dr Shehan Dissanayake was appointed a Director on 27 April 2012 and appointed an Executive Director on 11 April
                       2017. Dr Dissanayake is a senior Managing Director and member of the Board of Directors of the Tavistock Group, a
                       privately held investment company. He has responsibility for portfolio strategy across 200 companies in 15 countries, and
                       is CEO of Tavistock Life Sciences, an operating unit of the Tavistock Group.

                      Before joining Tavistock Group in 2002, Dr Dissanayake was a Managing Partner of Arthur Andersen with responsibility for
                      strategy and business planning for the global legal, tax and HR Consulting Divisions of the firm, encompassing 1,600
partners and 15,000 professionals.

Earlier in his career, Dr Dissanayake was involved in the medical research and technology industries. He holds a Ph.D. in Pharmacological and
Physiological Sciences from the University of Chicago.

During the past three years Dr Dissanayake has not served as a Director of any other listed company.




                       Mr Abraham was appointed a Director on 7 September 2014. Mr Abraham is a member of the Nomination Committee.

                       Mr Abraham enjoyed 21 years in investment banking with the Macquarie Group gaining extensive experience in the
                       finance sector. In 2003 Mr Abraham established Macquarie’s agricultural funds management business and led the
                       business until he departed in 2011, at which time it had grown into a significant operation both in Australia and Brazil.

                       Mr Abraham holds a range of continuing non-executive directorships with companies within the Macquarie Group, acts as
                       a consultant to the Clean Energy Finance Corporation and works with ROC Partners, a private equity fund manager where
he focused on food and agricultural investments.

During the past three years Mr Abraham has not served as a Director of any other listed company.




                       Mr Reisman was appointed a Director on 10 May 2016. Mr Reisman is a member of the Audit and Risk Management
                       Committee, the Nomination Committee and a Managing Director and member of the Board of Directors of the Tavistock
                       Group. Since joining the firm in 2004, he has held multiple roles including chairing Tavistock Group’s Investment
                       Committee and having the General Counsel and Chief Financial Officer report into him.

                        Mr Reisman spends most of his time working with portfolio companies within the Tavistock Group. He has more than 30
                        years of business experience with emphasis on operations, legal, tax and finance. Previously, Mr Reisman worked at
various multinational companies, including Arthur Andersen and Amoco Corporation. He received his juris doctor in 1986 from the University of
Pennsylvania Law School and his bachelors of science in Accountancy in 1983 from the University of Illinois.

During the past three years Mr Reisman has served as a Director of the following listed companies:

>    Mirati Therapeutics – resigned December 2018




4     Australian Agricultural Company Limited | ANNUAL REPORT 2019
                       Ms Rudd was appointed a director on 15 November 2017.

                       Ms Rudd is founder of Jessica’s Suitcase, an e-commerce retail platform which offers high quality Australian products
                       direct to Chinese consumers through online cross-border channels. In 2018, Ms Rudd announced the sale of Jessica’s
                       Suitcase to eCargo Holdings (ASX:ECG), on whose board she serves as non-executive director.

                       Beginning her career as a media and intellectual property lawyer, Ms Rudd later worked in London as a crisis management
                       consultant for a global communications firm before moving to Beijing, where she lived and worked for five years.

Ms Rudd serves as Australia and New Zealand Lifestyle Ambassador for the Alibaba Group. Ms Rudd holds a Bachelor of Laws (Hons)/Bachelor of
Commerce from Griffith University and was admitted to the Supreme Court of Queensland as a solicitor in 2007. She was awarded the Griffith
University Arts, Education and Law Alumnus of the Year in 2013.

During the past three years Ms Rudd has served as a Director of the following listed companies:

>    eCargo Holdings* – appointed January 2018

*Denotes current Directorship




Mr Bennett was appointed Company Secretary and General Counsel in November 2006. Before joining the Company, he had held positions
including partner and special counsel in leading law firms, where he specialised in company and property law, mergers and acquisitions and other
commercial contracts. He has over 25 years’ experience in legal practice, having practised in both Queensland and New South Wales. Mr Bennett
is a Chartered Secretary and a member of the Australian Institute of Company Directors.




5     Australian Agricultural Company Limited | ANNUAL REPORT 2019
As at the date of this report, the interests of the Directors in the shares, options and performance rights of the Company were:

                                                                                                         OPTIONS OVER              PERFORMANCE
    CURRENT DIRECTORS                                                      ORDINARY SHARES            ORDINARY SHARES                    RIGHTS
    D. McGauchie                                                                 1,120,774                         Nil                       Nil
    H. Killen                                                                        113,800                          Nil              2,042,476
    S. Black                                                                           40,000                         Nil                    Nil
    D. Crombie                                                                         60,000                         Nil                    Nil
    T. Keene                                                                           75,000                         Nil                    Nil
    Dr. S Dissanayake                                                              2,025,000                          Nil                    Nil
    A. Abraham                                                                         30,000                         Nil                    Nil
    N. Reisman                                                                         45,000                         Nil                    Nil
    J. Rudd                                                                                 Nil                       Nil                    Nil




                                                                                                          31 MAR 2019               31 MAR 2018
    EARNINGS PER SHARE                                                                                          CENTS                     CENTS
    Basic loss per share                                                                                        (24.9)                    (17.4)
    Diluted loss per share                                                                                       (24.9)                   (17.4)

No final or interim dividends were declared or paid during the current and prior financial periods.




6         Australian Agricultural Company Limited | ANNUAL REPORT 2019
The Australian Agricultural Company (AACo) is an Australian beef company with a heritage dating back to 1824. AACo is Australia’s largest
integrated cattle and beef producer, and is the oldest continuously operating company in Australia.




AACo owns a strategic balance of properties, feedlots, farms and a processing facility comprising around 6.4 million hectares of land, which
equates to roughly 1% of Australia’s land mass. AACo specialises in grassfed beef and grainfed beef production. AACo employed 424 employees
calculated on a full time equivalent basis as at 31 March 2019 (31 March 2018: 601).




AACo is a fully integrated branded beef business with three principal activities:

>        Sales and marketing of high quality branded beef into global markets;

>        Ownership, operation and development of pastoral properties; and

>        Production of beef including breeding, backgrounding, feedlotting and processing of cattle.

AACo operates an integrated cattle production system across 19 owned cattle stations, 2 leased stations, 5 agisted properties, 2 owned feedlots,
and 2 owned farms located throughout Queensland and the Northern Territory.

AACo distributes branded beef to a range of customers across the world, tailoring its route-to-market model by country to capitalise on regional
opportunities. Despite having one of the largest cattle herds in the world, AACo produces less than 1% of beef consumed globally. The Company is
therefore large enough to obtain production efficiencies but small enough to target key markets and customers.




                                                                                 31 MAR 2019              31 MAR 2018                 MOVEMENTS
                                                                                        $000                     $000                      $000
                                                                                                             Restated*
    Meat sales                                                                        246,244                 332,658                     (86,414)
    Cattle sales                                                                      117,837                    47,021                     70,816
    Administration and selling costs                                                  (41,200)                 (41,413)                        213
    Statutory EDITDA loss(1)                                                         (182,709)                 (35,325)                  (147,384)
    Statutory EBIT loss                                                              (194,083)                (127,967)                   (66,116)
    Net loss after tax                                                               (148,396)                (102,559)                   (45,837)
    Net cash inflow/(outflow) from operating activities                                12,990                  (39,864)                     52,854
    Underlying Operating Profit/(Loss)(2)                                              23,720                  (13,481)                     37,201
 Operating Profit/(Loss)(1)                                                          (22,922)                    (13,481)                     (9,441)
(1) The measure of Operating Profit is a key indicator which is used to monitor and manage the Company. It eliminates the potential distraction

    caused by unrealised cattle valuation adjustments being recorded in the financial results, and is a better reflection of actual financial
    performance under the control of management. Hence the Company believes that external stakeholders benefit from this metric being
    reported. Operating Profit is unaudited, non-IFRS financial information.
    Whilst Statutory EBITDA was a loss of $182.7 million in FY19 (loss of $35.3 in FY18), Operating Loss was $22.9 million ($13.5 million in FY18).
    Operating Profit/Loss does not include unrealised livestock gains or losses, while Statutory EBITDA does include these.
(2) Underlying Operating Profit/(Loss) represents the Operating Profit achieved by the Company, excluding $45.6 million in livestock write-offs and

    $1.0 million in emergency operating expenditure due to the Gulf flooding event in February 2019. Refer to note A1 for further details.
* Previously disclosed amounts for administration and selling costs have been restated, to account for meat sales freight previously included in
    cost of meat sold. Additionally, to provide greater transparency on operating performance, Operating Profit replaces the previously reported
    Operating EBITDA metric. Operating Profit values inventory movement at a cost of production rather than at various standard costs. Refer to
    note G3 (c) and note A5 for further details.




7         Australian Agricultural Company Limited | ANNUAL REPORT 2019
In FY19, Luxury/Prestige revenues and volumes were up on FY19, consistent with the Company’s branded beef strategy.

                                                                                                          31 MAR 2019              31 MAR 2018
    Luxury/prestige beef revenue – $ mil                                                                       187.3                     176.9
    Luxury/prestige beef kgs sold – mil kg CW(1)                                                                  14.0                       12.2
    Luxury/prestige beef sold – $/kg CW                                                                          13.35                      14.45
    Premium beef revenue – $ mil                                                                                  20.3                       63.7
    Premium beef kgs sold – mil kg CW                                                                               2.3                        6.5
    Premium beef sold – $/kg CW                                                                                   8.70                       9.75
    Livingstone beef revenue - $ mil                                                                              28.9                       92.1
    Livingstone beef kgs sold – mil kg CW                                                                           5.2                      21.0
    Livingstone beef sold - $/kg CW                                                                               5.60                       4.39
    Cattle sales – mil kg LW(1)                                                                                   46.2                       13.2
   Cattle revenue – $mil                                                                                         117.8                       47.0
(1) CW – carton weight containing saleable boxed meat, LW – Live animal weight.




Kilograms produced is a measure of the number of kilograms of live weight of cattle grown throughout the breeding, backgrounding and feedlot
operations of the Company during the year. Historically, kilograms produced included offsets for attrition kilograms occurring during the period.
The prior year has been restated to exclude the offsetting impact of attrition kilograms, which has the effect of increasing kilograms produced.

Cost of production is a measure of the operating costs incurred to produce a kilogram of live weight of cattle throughout the breeding,
backgrounding and feedlot operations of the Company during the year. Restatements to the prior year are a result of removing the offsetting
impact of attrition from the number of kilograms produced. Reducing kilograms produced by attrition kilograms reduces the transparency of
production costs. The Company therefore believes that measuring production costs against kilograms gained, without attrition offsets, is a better
measure of production efficiency. The impact of attrition is disclosed in note A3. The cost of production increased by 46% in FY19 which is a
reflection of drought conditions increasing feeding and transport costs as we moved a significant number of cattle to leverage our diverse property
portfolio.

                                                                                                          31 MAR 2019              31 MAR 2018
                                                                                                                                       Restated
    Kilograms produced – mil Kg LW                                                                                 68.9                    77.0
    Cost of production – $/kg LW                                                                                   2.88                      1.97




8        Australian Agricultural Company Limited | ANNUAL REPORT 2019
During FY19, the Company has continued to make progress implementing its premium branded beef strategy, which has been unaffected by
extreme seasonal impacts. The Westholme brand was launched in UAE in October 2018 and the Company is well progressed on plans for future
launches in larger scale markets. Further, the Company has driven growth across key markets in Asia.

During the year, the appointment of several key executive roles has completed our world class executive team which is driving cultural and
business transformation across the organisation.

Key decisions have been made by management which have simplified the business and created a more efficient AACo. During FY19:

>    Operations at the Livingstone Beef processing facility were suspended. Management continues to review strategic options around the facility

>    The 1824 program was discontinued

FY19 saw unparalleled challenging seasonal conditions, with extreme drought stretching across Queensland and the Northern Territory.

Management actively managed the drought, selling non-wagyu livestock to focus resources on investing heavily in feed and transport costs in
order to protect the Wagyu herd. During this challenging period, the Company was able to increase Wagyu numbers by 3%. This increase is
considered vital to ensuring the future success of the premium branded beef strategy and leaves the Company with a potential strategic supply
advantage over many wagyu producers.

Further, in February of 2019, the Gulf of Carpentaria region of North Queensland experienced a flood event that for some of the Company’s
properties was the worst flood on record. The flood resulted in a tragic loss of livestock life that no amount of preparation could have prevented.
Management has estimated that approximately 43,000 head were lost in this event.


Livestock Movements
Livestock balances have declined from the prior year due to headcount reductions of the non-wagyu animals and reduced market values of both
the wagyu and non-wagyu herd.

As a result of the Livingstone and 1824 decisions, a lower reliance on non-wagyu herd numbers has led to a decline in the non-wagyu headcount.
Further, the drought conditions have resulted in an increase in sales of these non-wagyu animals and the 43,000 cattle lost in the Gulf flood were
almost exclusively non-wagyu cattle.

Due to Management’s strategic investment in the wagyu herd during these tough conditions, this herd has seen a 3% increase in headcount year
on year.

Reflecting the tough season, market values of these animals have however declined over the past year, leading to a significant decline in the
value of cattle held at year end.

The Company’s ability to realise it’s premium branded beef strategy has not been impacted by these movements.


Property
Although it’s been a historically challenging season, property values have increased year on year. This increase is a reflection of Management’s
active investment in improving property infrastructure and carrying capacity, and also due to a market increase seen in comparable property
sales.




The FY19 results include a Statutory EBITDA loss of $182.7 million, driven by market value movements in the value of the closing herd of $89.0
million and Gulf flood write-offs and emergency expenses of $46.6 million.

In summary:

>    Underlying Operating Profit for FY19 was $23.7 million after adjusting Operating Loss for the $46.6 million impact of the Gulf flood livestock
     write-offs and related emergency expenditure

>    Operating Loss of $22.9 million, compared with a loss of $13.5 million in FY18




9      Australian Agricultural Company Limited | ANNUAL REPORT 2019
>    Statutory EBITDA loss of $182.7 million, compared with a loss of $35.3 million for FY18

>    Total sales revenue of $364.1 million, compared with $379.7 million in FY18, with lower volumes due to the Livingstone and 1824
     decisions. Wagyu meat sales revenue was up 4.5% compared to FY18.

>    Cost of production increased by 46% in FY19, which is a reflection of drought conditions increasing feeding and transport costs for the wagyu
     herd

>    Net tangible assets per share was $1.42 as at 31 March 2019, compared to $1.62 as at 31 March 2018, driven by reductions in the
     livestock balance but offset by improvements in the property portfolio

>    The Company maintains a robust balance sheet, despite livestock declines, with comfortable headroom under existing bank covenants

>    Positive net operating cash flows of $13.0 million, compared with negative operating cash flows of $39.9 million in FY18


Gulf Flooding Event
In February 2019, a significant flood event swept through the Gulf of Carpentaria Region of North Queensland. At its peak, flood waters extended
400km from the Gulf to Julia Creek, and reached approximately 70km wide in many areas. For much of the region that experienced this event,
flood waters reached unprecedented levels.

The floods, running nearly half the length of the Flinders river, impacted four of AACo’s stations in the gulf region. Canobie, Wondoola, Carrum and
Dalgonally experienced infrastructure and livestock losses.

Approximately 82,000 head of cattle were exposed to this event, with total losses estimated at 43,000 head. Additionally, fencing and water
infrastructure on all four properties, as well as buildings at Wondoola station, were damaged.

Due to the significant nature and materiality of the event, Management have recorded estimates for the losses incurred on these properties.

Determining the extent of livestock losses, across these four stations’ 860,000 hectares of land, is inherently challenging. The losses recorded
were therefore based on the best available information of the event and Management’s best estimates and judgement.

These estimates were performed on a station by station basis, using a combination of observations of surviving animals and damaged
infrastructure, as well as applying expected survival rates by paddock against pre-event paddock records. Estimated survival rates were based on
Management’s understanding of livestock vulnerabilities in these events, knowledge of the land’s topography, as well an in-depth understanding
of how the event unfolded and how individual paddocks were impacted.

Livestock losses were estimated to be 43,000 head for a value of $45.6 million and recorded in the Income Statement as fair value losses on
cattle due to attrition – gulf flood write-off (see note A3).




The Company is committed to the identification, measurement and management of material business risks. The Company’s breeding and sales
programs to date have produced a herd with the right genetic and age profile to deal with the current and future geographic, weather and market
conditions. Day-to-day production risks are managed by management at stations and overseen by relevant General Managers. Appropriate
insurance coverage is maintained in respect of the business, properties and assets.

Price risks are managed, where possible, through forward sales of branded beef and over-the-counter foreign exchange derivatives.




The Company’s net tangible assets per share was $1.42 as at 31 March 2019, compared to $1.62 as at 31 March 2018. Net tangible assets of
the Company includes leasehold land assets.




The Board has reiterated its commitment to increasing shareholder value through incremental improvements to Return on Capital Employed
(ROCE) over time. The goal is to improve the quantity and quality of the Company’s earnings by increasing the Company’s exposure to premium
branded beef prices which are underpinned by rising incomes in both the developed and developing world. The medium term strategy will focus on
optimising our supply chains, implementing a differentiated branding strategy and investing in innovation and technology.




10     Australian Agricultural Company Limited | ANNUAL REPORT 2019
In July 2018, the Company suspended processing operations at Livingstone Beef. Regular upkeep and maintenance of the facility and its
supporting assets continues, whilst the Board and management continue to review various strategic options for Livingstone Beef.

There have been no other significant changes in the state of affairs of the Company during the financial year.




There have been no significant events after the balance date which require disclosure in the financial report.




>    Some regulated areas of operation are: The operations of Goonoo and Aronui Feedlots are regulated by licences issued under the
     Environmental Protection Act 1994 (Qld) and administered by the Queensland Department of Agriculture and Fisheries (DAFF). Each feedlot
     is required to report to the National Pollution Inventory each year with respect to water, air and soil quality. DAFF conducts audits of
     compliance with licence requirements at regular intervals.

     The Company recorded no breaches of licence requirements in the year to 31 March 2019.

>    The pumping of water from the Comet River for irrigation and feedlot use at Goonoo Station is subject to licensing under the Sustainable
     Planning Act 1997 (Qld) and the Water Act 2000 (Qld). Regulations specify minimum water flows and heights in the river to allow sufficient
     environmental flows. Goonoo Station and Wylarah Station have licences to harvest water for irrigation purposes.

     The pumping of underground water for the prescribed purpose of ‘Livestock Intensive’ requires licensing, and regular reporting and
     monitoring.

     The Company has several licences allowing this pumping subject to these regulations and conditions being met.

>    Stock watering facilities which utilise bores, require licensing in Queensland and registration in the Northern Territory.

>    Stock water facilities shared with Queensland Stock Routes are administered by local governments, guided by legislation and framework
     developed by the Queensland Government. Shared water facilities need to comply with registered Stock Route water agreement
     requirements. A Permit to Occupy is also required if this facility is unfenced within a station grazing area.

>    Vegetation Clearing Permits are sought under the Vegetation Management Act 1999 (Qld) for any clearing required for ongoing operations
     including but not limited to the development of areas for land use change and the installation of infrastructure such as fence lines and water
     development.

>    The Company continues to be involved in consultation processes; for example, in the areas of Water Resource Planning, Wild Rivers
     legislation and the conversion of land titles in relevant areas.

>    The Company must abide by environmental and other obligations contained in Queensland’s State Rural Leasehold Land Strategy in respect
     of the Company’s pastoral leasehold interests in Queensland. The State Rural Leasehold Land Strategy is a framework of legislation, policies
     and guidelines supporting the environmentally sustainable, productive use of rural leasehold land for agribusiness.

>    Northern Australian Beef Limited (NABL), a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company, owns the Livingstone Beef Processing Facility and land
     at Livingstone Farm, Noonamah, Stuart Highway, Northern Territory. NABL holds, and must comply with an Environmental Protection Licence
     (EPL) under the Waste Management and Pollution Control Act (NT) for the storage, treatment, recycling and disposal of waste in connection
     with the facility.

     The EPL contains stringent and detailed environmental requirements overseen by the Northern Territory Environment Protection Authority
     (NT EPA). NABL and the NT EPA continue to work together constructively to monitor compliance with the EPL.




11     Australian Agricultural Company Limited | ANNUAL REPORT 2019
As at the date of this report, there were 5,882,736 unissued ordinary shares under performance rights.

An Executive Option Plan previously existed, for which no further grants will be made. The last options under this plan expired on 1 January 2019.

Option holders did not, and performance rights do not, have any right, by virtue of the option or performance right, to participate in any share issue
of the Company or any related body corporate or in the interest issue of any other registered scheme.




During the financial period and since the end of the financial period, there were no options exercised to acquire shares in the Company.

The Company’s Performance Rights Plan has been in place since 2011 and has taken the place of the option plan for future incentive awards
comprising performance rights. There will be no further grants of options under the option plan in the future. The performance rights will remain
until such time as they are either exercised or the rights lapse.

There were no performance rights exercised under the AACo Performance Rights Plan during the year to 31 March 2019.




Under the Company’s Constitution, each of the Company’s Directors, the Company Secretary and every other person who is an officer is
indemnified for any liability to the full extent permitted by law.

The Company’s Constitution also provides for the Company to indemnify each of the Company’s Directors, the Company Secretary and every other
person who is an officer to the maximum extent permitted by law, for legal costs and expenses incurred in defending civil or criminal proceedings.

Each Director has entered into a Deed of Access, Insurance and Indemnity, which provides for indemnity against liability as a Director, except to
the extent of indemnity under an insurance policy or where prohibited by statute. The Deed also entitles the Director to access Company
documents and records, subject to confidentiality undertakings.

The Company maintains Director’s and Officer’s insurance policies, to insure the Company’s Directors, Company Secretary and those Directors
and others of its subsidiaries. The Company has paid or has agreed to pay the premium for these policies.

The terms of the insurance contracts prohibit the Company from disclosing the level of premium paid and the nature of the liabilities insured.




12     Australian Agricultural Company Limited | ANNUAL REPORT 2019
The Company’s Corporate Governance Statement sets out the corporate governance framework adopted by the Board of Australian Agricultural
Company Limited. This statement is publically available on the Company’s external website: www.aaco.com.au/investors-media/corporate-
governance.




The aim of the Board Skills Matrix is to set out the mix of skills that the Board currently has and is looking to achieve. It is a summary of the
Company’s internal assessments of the Board. Information is obtained from a Director review of skills and competencies completed for each
Director. This information is summarised into the Board Skills Matrix.

The board recognises that each Director will not necessarily possess experience in all areas relevant to the Company’s operations and therefore
seeks to ensure that its membership includes an appropriate mix of directors with skills, knowledge and experience in agriculture, other relevant
industry sectors, general management and finance. A summary of the Board’s skills, knowledge and experience is set out in the table below:

 SKILL/KNOWLEDGE/EXPERIENCE                                                 OUT OF 9 DIRECTORS
 Leadership and Governance
 Organisational Governance                                                  9
 Strategy                                                                   9
 Government Relations                                                       8
 Previous ASX NED Experience                                                5
 Previous ASX CEO Experience                                                1
 Operations
 Environment, Health and Safety                                             7
 Work Health and Safety Committee Experience                                6
 Agribusiness                                                               7
 Farmer or Producer                                                         3
 Innovation                                                                 7
 Information Technology                                                     5
 Sectoral Experience
 Livestock                                                                  6
 Beef Manufacturing                                                         3
 Sales                                                                      4
 Branding and Marketing                                                     5
 Finance, Capital Management and Risk
 Formal Accounting and Finance Qualifications (CPA or CA)                   3
 Capital Restructuring                                                      6
 Audit Committee Experience                                                 8
 Legal                                                                      4
 People
 People and Culture                                                         9
 Remuneration Committee Experience                                          5
 Geographic Experience
 International Markets                                                      8
 Asian Markets                                                              7
 USA Markets                                                                6




13     Australian Agricultural Company Limited | ANNUAL REPORT 2019
This remuneration report for the year ended 31 March 2019 outlines the remuneration arrangements of the Company in accordance with the
requirements of the Corporations Act 2001 (the Act) and its regulations. This information has been audited as required by section 308(3C) of the
Act.

The remuneration report details the remuneration arrangements for key management personnel (KMP) of the Company, who are defined as those
persons having authority and responsibility for planning, directing and controlling the major activities of the Company and the Group, directly or
indirectly, including any Director (whether executive or otherwise) of the Company.

For the purposes of this report, the term ‘executive’ encompasses the Managing Director/Chief Executive Officer (MD/CEO), senior executives and
Company Secretary of the Company and the Group.

The remuneration report is presented under the following sections:

1.   Individual Key Management Personnel (KMP) disclosures

2.   Remuneration at a glance

3.   Board oversight of remuneration

4.   Non-executive Director (NED) remuneration arrangements

5.   Executive remuneration arrangements

6.   Executive contractual arrangements

7.   Link between remuneration and performance

8.   Equity instruments disclosures

9.   Loans to KMP and their related parties

10. Other transactions and balances with KMP and their related parties




14    Australian Agricultural Company Limited | ANNUAL REPORT 2019
Details of KMP of the Company are set out in the following sections.


(i) Directors
 D. McGauchie           Chairman, Non-executive Director                   Independent          Appointed 19 May 2010
 H. Killen              Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer      Non-Independent
                                                                                           (2)
                                                                                                Appointed 1 February 2018
 Dr S. Dissanayake      Executive Director(1)                              Non-Independent
                                                                                           (2)
                                                                                                Appointed 27 April 2012
 N. Reisman             Non-executive Director                             Non-Independent
                                                                                           (2)  Appointed 10 May 2016
 A. Abraham             Non-executive Director                             Independent          Appointed 7 September 2014
 S. Black               Non-executive Director                             Independent          Appointed 5 October 2011
 D. Crombie             Non-executive Director                             Independent          Appointed 5 October 2011
 T. Keene               Non-executive Director                             Independent          Appointed 5 October 2011
 J. Rudd                Non-executive Director                             Independent          Appointed 15 November 2017
(1) Dr S. Dissanayake was appointed an Executive Director on 11 April 2017.

(2) The following Directors of the Company during the period were determined to be non-independent:

 H. Killen            Mr H. Killen is not considered independent by virtue of his executive office as Managing Director and Chief Executive
                      Officer.
 Dr S. Dissanayake    Dr S. Dissanayake is not considered independent as he is an officer of Tavistock Group which controls the AA Trust which is
                      a major 44.85% shareholder of the Company and was appointed an Executive Director on 11 April 2017.
 N. Reisman           Mr N. Reisman is not considered independent as he is an officer of Tavistock Group which controls the AA Trust which is
                      a major 44.85% shareholder of the Company and was appointed 10 May 2016


(ii) Directors who resigned or retired during the period
Nil


(iii) Executives
 B. Bennett           Company Secretary/General Counsel                 Appointed 20 November 2006
 S. Grant             Head of People & Culture                          Appointed 20 September 2017
 A. Speer             Chief Operating Officer                           Appointed 30 July 2018
 N. Simonsz           Chief Financial Officer                           Appointed 1 August 2018
 A. O’Brien           Chief Commercial Officer                          Appointed 17 December 2018


(iv) Executives who resigned, retired or otherwise ceased employment during the period
 T. McCormack         Chief Operating Officer                           Ceased employment 2 April 2018
 D. FitzGibbon        Head of Strategy                                  Ceased employment 14 December 2018

There were no other changes to KMP after the reporting date and before the date the financial report was authorised for issue.




15     Australian Agricultural Company Limited | ANNUAL REPORT 2019
CEO and Key Management Personnel (KMP)
Consistent with contemporary Corporate Governance standards, the Company’s remuneration strategy and policies aim to set employee and
executive remuneration that is fair, competitive and appropriate for the markets in which it operates whilst being mindful of internal relativities. The
Company aims to ensure that the mix and balance of remuneration is appropriate to reward fairly, attract, motivate and retain senior executives and
other key employees.

Appropriate remuneration policy settings will be achieved by consistently applying a clear remuneration strategy directed at supporting the Board
approved business strategy with appropriate and flexible processes, policies and procedures established by the Board from time to time.

Specific objectives of the Company’s remuneration policies include the following:

>    Provide competitive total rewards to attract and retain high calibre employees and executives

>    Provide fair and competitive fixed remuneration for all positions, under transparent policies and review procedures

>    Have a meaningful portion of remuneration “at risk”, dependent upon meeting pre-determined performance benchmarks

>    Link MD/CEO and senior executive rewards to achieving short, medium and long term key performance criteria

>    Establish appropriate and demanding performance hurdles for any executive incentive remuneration

>    Payment of cash bonus short term incentives (STI), which in the case of the MD/CEO are determined at the discretion of the Board after
     assessing the performance of the Company and the MD/CEO against agreed performance hurdles

>    Offer participation in the long term incentives (LTI) plan to the MD/CEO and KMP

>    Provide Deferred Equity Awards (DEA), in the form of grants of performance rights to the MD/CEO and other senior executives with deferred
     vesting of two years (50%) and three years (50%)

>    The actual DEA awarded to an executive is generally set at 50% of the amount of any STI actually paid to the executive




16     Australian Agricultural Company Limited | ANNUAL REPORT 2019
The following table illustrates the structure of the Company’s executive remuneration arrangements for the year ended 31 March 2019:

 REMUNERATION
 COMPONENT              MECHANISM                              PURPOSE                                    LINK TO PERFORMANCE
 Total fixed            Comprises base salary, superannuation To reward executives with competitive       No link to Company performance
 remuneration (TFR)     contributions and any ‘packaged’       remuneration with reference to role,       although it is reviewed annually and
                        benefits including FBT grossed-up on a market and experience and internal         consideration is given to the
                        Total Employment Cost (TEC) basis.     relativities.                              performance of the Company and
                                                                                                          business unit in the remuneration
                                                                                                          review.
 Short term incentive   Paid in cash                             Rewards executives for their             STI for executives is generally
 (STI) component                                                 contribution to achievement of           calculated based on 80% Company
                                                                 Company and business unit outcomes,      financial performance metrics and 20%
                                                                 as well as individual key performance    individual performance metrics.
                                                                 indicators (KPIs).
 Other payments         Paid in cash                             To incentivise the sign-on of new KMP    No link to Company performance
                                                                 or reward for successful project         although consideration is given to the
                                                                 completion.                              performance of the Company and
                                                                                                          business unit prior to awarding this.
 Deferred Equity Award Deferred Equity                           Rewards executives for their             Generally 50% of the actual amount of
 (DEA) component       (Performance rights)                      contribution to achievement of           the STI cash bonus earned and subject
                                                                 Company and business unit outcomes,      to two-year (50%) and three-year (50%)
                                                                 as well as individual key performance    service vesting conditions.
                                                                 indicators (KPIs).
 Long Term Incentive    Deferred Equity                          To better align remuneration of the      Linked to achievement of the
 (LTI) component        (Performance rights)                     Company’s senior executives with the     Company’s targeted market
                                                                 long-term strategic goals of the         capitalisation as well as meeting
                                                                 Company, as well as for retention.       individual service conditions.

 The current executive remuneration strategy can be represented broadly, as follows:
                                TOTAL FIXED              SHORT TERM                       DEA                LONG TERM          TOTAL TARGETED
                            REMUNERATION                  INCENTIVES               INCENTIVE(1)               INCENTIVE                REWARD
                                          %                        %                        %                         %                      %
 MD/CEO                                  51                       25                       13                        11                    100
 Key Management                       44-62                    22-29                    12-15                      0-18                    100
(1) 50% of cash bonus actually paid




Board remuneration
The Board seeks to set aggregate remuneration at a level for the non-executive directors that provides the Company with the ability to attract and
retain directors of the highest calibre, whilst incurring a cost that is acceptable to the shareholders. Board remuneration is tested on a regular
basis by independent benchmark assessments.

During the year ended 31 March 2019, Crichton & Associates, Rimfire Resources, Willis Towers Watson and Allens Linklaters have provided
assistance to the Company covering a range of remuneration matters, including the following:

>    Remuneration Strategy Review

>    Chief Executive Officer, Chairman, and non-Executive Director Remuneration

>    Senior Executive remuneration

>    Deferred Equity Award (DEA) benefit recommendations for the CEO and senior executives

>    Long Term Incentive (LTI) Plan administration

The independent assistance confirmed that Board and Executive remuneration at the Company were within market expectations and were
reasonable at that time. No recommendations have been made by these external parties as a result of the remuneration assistance.

In the year ended 31 March 2019, services provided by third parties totalled $186,992 (excluding GST and out-of-pocket expenses).



17     Australian Agricultural Company Limited | ANNUAL REPORT 2019
Staff and Remuneration Committee
The Staff and Remuneration Committee currently comprises three independent non-executive Directors (Mr D. Crombie, Mr D. McGauchie and Mr
T. Keene (Committee Chairman)).

The Staff and Remuneration Committee is responsible for making recommendations to the Board on the remuneration arrangements of non-
executive directors (NEDs) and executives. The Staff and Remuneration Committee assesses the appropriateness of the nature and amount of
remuneration of NEDs and executives on a periodic basis by reference to relevant employment market conditions with the overall objective of
ensuring maximum stakeholder benefit from the retention of high performing Directors and an executive team. In determining the level and
composition of executive remuneration, the Staff and Remuneration Committee may also seek external advice as set out above.

Mr H. Killen (MD/CEO) attends certain Staff and Remuneration Committee meetings by invitation but is not present during any discussions
relating to his own remuneration arrangements.


Remuneration approval process
The Board is responsible for and approves the remuneration arrangements for the MD/CEO and executives, and all awards made under any
deferred equity award (DEA) and long term incentive (LTI) plan. The Staff and Remuneration Committee provide recommendations for these
remuneration arrangements and obtain independent remuneration advice as necessary. In the case of the MD/CEO, these arrangements are then
subject to shareholder approval.

The Board also sets the aggregate remuneration of NEDs, which is then subject to shareholder approval.

The Board oversees the MD/CEO’s recommendations for remuneration of senior executives with the assistance of the Staff and Remuneration
Committee and independent remuneration advice, where necessary.

The Board approves, having regard to the recommendations made by the Staff and Remuneration Committee, the level of any Company short-
term incentive (STI) payments to employees, including KMP’s and therefore the amount of any DEA entitlement. The level of STI payments to the
MD/CEO are determined separately by the Board. Any DEA entitlement resulting in an issue of securities for the MD/CEO must be approved by
shareholders.


Voting and comments made at the company’s 31 July 2018 Annual General Meeting (‘AGM’)
The Company received 84% of ‘for’ votes in relation to its remuneration report for the year-ended 31 March 2018.




18    Australian Agricultural Company Limited | ANNUAL REPORT 2019
Remuneration policy
The Board seeks to set aggregate remuneration at a level that provides the Company with the ability to attract and retain Directors of the highest
calibre, whilst incurring a cost that is acceptable to shareholders.

The amount of aggregate remuneration sought to be approved by shareholders and the fee structure is reviewed annually against fees paid to NEDs
of comparable companies. The Board considers advice from external consultants when undertaking the annual review process.

The Company’s Constitution and the ASX Listing Rules specify that the aggregate remuneration of NEDs shall be determined, from time to time, by
general meeting. An amount not exceeding the amount determined is then divided between the Directors as agreed. The latest determination was
at the AGM held on 23 August 2017, when shareholders approved an aggregate remuneration of $1,250,000 per year.


Structure
The remuneration of NEDs consists of Directors’ fees and committee fees. NED’s do not receive retirement benefits other than superannuation,
nor do they participate in any incentive programs.

Each NED receives a base fee for being a Director of the Company. An additional fee is also paid for each Board committee on which a Director sits,
with a higher fee paid if the Director is a Chairman of a Board committee. The payment of additional fees for serving on a committee recognises the
additional time commitment required by NEDs who serve on one or more committees.

The Board may also establish specialist subcommittees from time to time, comprised of directors, to oversee and report back to the Board on any
identified large or otherwise important projects. Generally, directors are not separately remunerated for membership of such subcommittees.

NED’s are encouraged to hold shares in the Company. Any shares purchased by the Directors are purchased on market, which is in line with the
Company’s overall remuneration philosophy and aligns NEDs with shareholder interests.

The remuneration of NEDs for the years ended 31 March 2019 and 31 March 2018 is detailed in the table on page 27.




Structure
Remuneration is determined as part of an annual performance review process, having regard to market factors, relevant comparative data, a
performance evaluation process and independent remuneration advice, where necessary.

In the year ended 31 March 2019, the executive remuneration framework consisted of the following components:

>    Fixed remuneration

>    Variable or ‘at risk’ STI remuneration including a Cash Bonus, the Deferred Equity Award (DEA), and the Long Term Incentive (LTI)


Total Fixed Remuneration (TFR)
Executives may receive their fixed remuneration as cash, or cash with non-monetary benefits such as health insurance, car allowances and tax
advisory services. Total fixed remuneration comprises cash and other benefits and entitlements to provide a base level of remuneration which is
both appropriate to the role and responsibilities, reflects current market conditions, the individual’s seniority and overall performance of the
Company and the relevant business units.

For most executives, superannuation is included in TFR.

Executive contracts of employment do not include any guaranteed base pay increases.

Senior executives are given the opportunity to receive a portion of their fixed remuneration in forms other than cash, such as motor vehicles, under
a framework that ensures the Company does not incur additional cost.

The fixed component of executives’ base fixed remuneration is detailed in the tables on pages 27 to 28.




19     Australian Agricultural Company Limited | ANNUAL REPORT 2019
Short-term incentives
The Company operates an annual STI program that is available to executives and employees and awards a cash bonus subject to the attainment of
Company, business unit and individual measures which are set at the commencement of the performance period.

The aim of the STI is to link the achievement of the Company’s annual and/or immediate financial and broader operational targets with the
remuneration received by the executives and senior employees responsible for achieving those targets.

The total potential STI is set at a level so as to provide sufficient incentive to executives to achieve the operational targets and at a cost to the
Company that is reasonable in the circumstances.

Actual STI payments awarded to each executive depend on the extent to which specific targets prescribed in the performance agreement for a
financial year are met. The targets consist of a number of key performance indicators covering financial and non-financial, corporate and individual
measures of performance.

These measures were chosen as they represent the key drivers for the short term success of the business and provide a framework for delivering
long-term value.

Under the arrangements approved by the Board the general principles that will apply are that the executive will receive a STI in the form of a cash
bonus that is generally set at a maximum of 40 to 50% of the executive’s total fixed remuneration. The STI will be paid within three months of the
financial year end on which the executive’s performance is being measured.

Executives who are paid an STI cash bonus will in addition receive a Deferred Equity Award (DEA) which is generally equal to 50% of the amount of
the STI cash bonus actually earned. The DEA is in the form of a grant of performance rights under the performance rights plan and is subject to two-
year (50%) and three-year (50%) service vesting conditions i.e. vesting of the DEA is subject to the executive still being employed by the Company at
the relevant vesting date.

The Company has a Good Leaver and a Bad Leaver Policy. If an executive ceases employment with the Company, then any unvested DEA will be
automatically forfeited. If the executive was a Good Leaver, then the Board will consider the circumstances of the cessation of employment and may
exercise its discretion to allow some or all of the unvested DEA to vest (and be exercised).

The Board assesses the performance of the MD/CEO against targets and determines actual STI payment based upon the recommendation of the
Staff and Remuneration Committee. The senior executives have a maximum STI set as a percentage of their respective TFR.

The MD/CEO assesses the performance of other senior executives against their targets and determines the actual STI with oversight by the Board
through the Chairman and the Staff and Remuneration Committee.




20     Australian Agricultural Company Limited | ANNUAL REPORT 2019
The structure of the short-term incentive plan is as follows:

 FEATURE                                   DESCRIPTION
 Maximum opportunity                       Short-term incentives (STI)
                                           CEO: 50% of fixed remuneration
                                           Other executives: 40-50% of fixed remuneration
                                           Deferred equity award (DEA)
                                           CEO: 50% of short-term incentive cash bonus
                                           Other executives: Generally 50% of short-term incentive cash bonus
 Minimum opportunity                       Short-term incentives (STI)
                                           CEO: 0% of fixed remuneration
                                           Other executives: 0% of fixed remuneration
                                           Deferred equity award (DEA)
                                           CEO: 0% of short-term incentive cash bonus
                                           Other executives: 0% of short-term incentive cash bonus
 Performance metrics                       The STI metrics align with the strategic priorities at both a Company and business unit level.
                                           The general performance metrics and weightings for the KMP are as follows:
                                           METRIC                                                          WEIGHTING
                                           Operating Profit                                                40%
                                           Operating Cash Flow                                             40%
                                           Individual performance metrics                                  20%
 Delivery of STI                           The STI is paid in cash generally in the next financial year.
                                           The DEA is subject to two-year (50%) and three-year (50%) service vesting conditions. This encourages
                                           retention and shareholder alignment.
 Board discretion                          The Board has discretion to adjust remuneration outcomes up or down to prevent any inappropriate
                                           reward outcomes, including reducing (down to zero, if appropriate) any deferred STI award.

DEAs are provided to the MD/CEO and Senior Executives based on the level of STI earned each year. The last offer under this plan was made on 3
July 2017 and subject to two (50%) and three (50%) year service vesting conditions.

There is also a tax exempt share plan that may be utilised at the discretion of the Board for general employee equity participation. An Executive
Option Plan, for which no further grants were made, had a series of grants outstanding, the last of which expired on 1 January 2019.

The Board reviewed the incentive arrangements for executives and the MD/CEO in the current period.

The STI cash bonus for the MD/CEO or any other executive in respect of performance during the year to 31 March 2019 amounts to $nil (31
March 2018: $nil).

A DEA will not be issued in respect of performance during the year to 31 March 2019 (31 March 2018: $nil).




21     Australian Agricultural Company Limited | ANNUAL REPORT 2019
Long-term incentives
Following an extensive review of its remuneration practises for employees and executives, the Board approved the Company’s adoption of a Long
Term Incentive (LTI) Plan on 9 May 2017 (LTI Plan Implementation Date). The LTI Plan better aligns remuneration of the Company’s senior
executives with the long-term strategic goals of the Company.

The introduction of an LTI Plan is consistent with the Company’s objectives for remuneration, which include providing competitive total rewards to
attract and retain high calibre senior executives, having a meaningful portion of remuneration “at risk” and, above all, creating value for
shareholders.

Performance rights under the LTI Plan will be granted in a number of rounds. The number of performance rights granted to eligible persons in each
grant round and the performance conditions applying to the vesting of those performance rights will be determined at the discretion of the Board.

It is currently contemplated by the Board that there will be four grant rounds in total. The following summary reflects the key features of the first
and second grant round and what is currently contemplated by the Board with respect to subsequent grant rounds:

 FEATURE                                  DESCRIPTION
 Timing of grant                          Grants of performance rights in a grant round will not be made unless and until the specific
                                          ‘commencing’ market capitalisation of the Company for that grant round is achieved.

                                          The commencing market capitalisation of the Company for the first grant round was the market
                                          capitalisation of the Company on the LTI Plan Implementation Date.
 Performance condition                    The performance condition which applies to the vesting of performance rights in a grant round is the
                                          achievement of the specific ‘target’ market capitalisation of the Company during the performance period
                                          for that grant round.

                                          The performance condition for the first grant round was satisfied on 5 June 2017.
 Performance period                       The performance period for each grant round is calculated by reference to the target market
                                          capitalisation of the Company for that grant round and an assumed annualised growth rate of 20%.
 Determination of market capitalisation For the purposes of calculating the market capitalisation of the Company in order to determine if the
 of the Company for the purposes of the commencing market capitalisation of the Company or the target market capitalisation of the Company for
 LTI Plan                               each grant round has been achieved, the twenty day volume weighted average price (VWAP) of ordinary
                                        shares in the capital of the Company will be used.
 Vesting period                           In respect of each grant round, there is a four-year staggered vesting period for performance rights in that
                                          grant round which commences on satisfaction of the performance condition for that grant round.
 Number of available performance          In each grant round, eligible persons may be offered a percentage of the “Total Available Performance
 rights                                   Rights” for that grant round (rounded down to the nearest whole number).

                                          In respect of each grant round, the number of “Baseline Shares” will be the number of ordinary shares in
                                          the Company acquired on market by the AACo Employee Share Trust in respect of that grant round having
                                          an aggregate share acquisition price of $5 million.

                                          In respect of each grant round, the number of “Total Available Performance Rights” will be

                                          (a) the number of Baseline Shares for that grant round; plus

                                          (b) the number of any Total Available Performance Rights for previous grant rounds which, at the time of
                                          completion of acquisition of all of the Baseline Shares for that grant round and all previous grant rounds,
                                          are not notionally allocated to a previous grant round.




22     Australian Agricultural Company Limited | ANNUAL REPORT 2019
 FEATURE                                   DESCRIPTION
 Lapsing conditions                        Holders of performance rights will be entitled to exercise those performance rights if they have vested
                                           and have not otherwise lapsed.

                                           The circumstances in which performance rights may lapse include non-satisfaction of performance
                                           conditions or ceasing employment with the Company group. If the holder of performance rights ceases to
                                           be an employee as a result of an “Uncontrollable Event” (e.g. death, permanent disablement, retirement,
                                           retrenchment, or such other circumstances which the Board determines is an Uncontrollable Event), any
                                           unvested performance rights held by that person are expected to continue to be subject to the
                                           requirements for vesting and exercise applying to those performance rights, unless the Board determines
                                           that the vesting conditions applying to some or all of those performance rights will be waived or that
                                           some or all of those performance rights will lapse.
 Change of control event                   If a change of control event for the Company occurs, the treatment of any unvested performance rights
                                           will be within the discretion of the Board to determine.
 On market acquisition of shares           The requirement to deliver shares in the Company upon the vesting and exercise of performance rights
                                           under the LTI Plan must be satisfied by way of on market acquisition of shares in the Company.

The applicable commencing market capitalisation of the Company, performance condition and performance period for each contemplated grant
round are as set out in the following table:

                            COMMENCING MARKET                     PERFORMANCE CONDITION           PERFORMANCE PERIOD
                            CAPITALISATION OF THE                 (TARGETED MARKET CAPITALISATION (CALCULATED USING AN ASSUMED
                            COMPANY                               OF THE COMPANY)                 ANNUALISED GROWTH RATE OF 20%)
 FIRST GRANT ROUND          The market capitalisation of the      $1 billion                      Within 2 quarters of the LTI Plan
                            Company on the LTI Plan                                               Implementation Date (i.e. performance
                            Implementation Date                                                   period ends 30 September 2017)
 SECOND GRANT ROUND         $1 billion                            $1.5 billion                            Within 9 quarters of the LTI Plan
                                                                                                          Implementation Date (i.e. performance
                                                                                                          period ends 30 June 2019)
 THIRD GRANT ROUND          $1.5 billion                          $2 billion                              Within 16 quarters of the LTI Plan
                                                                                                          Implementation Date (i.e. performance
                                                                                                          period ends 31 March 2021)
 FOURTH GRANT ROUND         $2 billion                            $2.5 billion                            Within 22 quarters of the LTI Plan
                                                                                                          Implementation Date (i.e. performance
                                                                                                          period ends 30 September 2022)

During the period the total number of shares purchased for the LTI Plan grant rounds one and two was 6,764,848 at an average price per share of
$1.478.

The performance condition for the first grant round of targeted market capitalisation of $1 billion was achieved on 5 June 2017. The rights
associated to the first grant round have been granted to the relevant senior executives at a fair value per right of $1.07. The second grant round
was granted to relevant senior executives on 11 January 2019 and are subject to a performance condition of target market capitalisation of $1.5
billion by 30 June 2019. The fair value per right of $0.055 was based on the Company’s share price on grant date and the expectation the market
condition would be reached.




23     Australian Agricultural Company Limited | ANNUAL REPORT 2019
Remuneration arrangements for KMP are formalised in employment agreements. Details of these contracts are provided below. Company
employees are employed by the subsidiary company A.A. Company Pty Ltd.

                                      CEO DESCRIPTION                                     SENIOR EXECUTIVE DESCRIPTION
 Total fixed remuneration             $600,000 including superannuation (subject to       Range between $303,000 and $550,000
                                      annual review by Board)
 Short Term Incentive (STI) Cash      Maximum opportunity of $300,000 (50% of TFR)        Maximum opportunity between 40 – 50% of TFR
 Bonus
 Deferred Equity Award                Generally 50% of the actual amount of the STI       Generally, 50% of the actual amount of the STI cash
                                      cash bonus earned                                   bonus earned
 Long Term Incentive                  Subject to Company performance conditions being Subject to Company performance conditions being
                                      satisfied and the service conditions being met  satisfied and the service conditions being met
 Contract duration                    Ongoing                                             Ongoing

 The MD/CEO’s termination provisions are as follows:
                                      NOTICE           PAYMENT IN         TREATMENT OF STI      TREATMENT OF PERFORMANCE RIGHTS ON
                                      PERIOD           LIEU OF NOTICE     ON TERMINATION        TERMINATION
 Employer-initiated termination       6 months         Part or all of 6   Not eligible          Unvested performance rights lapse unless Good
                                                       months                                   Leaver and Board exercises discretion to allow
 Termination for serious misconduct   Nil              Nil                Not eligible          Unvested performance rights lapse
 Employee-initiated termination       6 months         Part or all of 6   Not eligible          Unvested performance rights lapse unless Good
                                                       months                                   Leaver and Board exercises discretion to allow

Upon termination, the MD/CEO is subject to 12 months’ restriction for competition, employee inducement and client solicitation.


Other Key Management Personnel
The executive service agreements for other senior executives generally reflect that of the MD/CEO.

Standard Key Management Personnel termination provisions are as follows:

                                      NOTICE           PAYMENT IN          TREATMENT OF STI     TREATMENT OF PERFORMANCE RIGHTS ON
                                      PERIOD           LIEU OF NOTICE      ON TERMINATION       TERMINATION
 Employer-initiated termination       3 to 6 months    Part or all of 3 to Not eligible         Unvested performance rights lapse unless Good
                                                       6 months                                 Leaver and Board exercises discretion to allow
 Termination for serious misconduct   Nil              Nil                 Not eligible         Unvested performance rights lapse
 Employee-initiated termination       3 to 6 months    Part or all of 3 to Not eligible         Unvested performance rights lapse unless Good
                                                       6 months                                 Leaver and Board exercises discretion to allow


FY19 performance and impact on remuneration
The Company’s performance for the 12 months to 31 March 2019 in relation to the metrics for the payment of short term incentives for KMP,
being Operating Profit and Operating Cash Flow, were below the Board approved thresholds. As a result, no STI cash bonus payments have been
accrued or DEA issued with respect to the 2019 financial year.




24     Australian Agricultural Company Limited | ANNUAL REPORT 2019
The following table provides an overview of the STI achievements against actual performance:

 METRICS                                                                  IMPACT ON INCENTIVE AWARD
 Operating Profit                                                         Below target
 Operating Cash Flow                                                      Below target


Statutory performance indicators
The table below shows measures of the Company’s financial performance over the last five years. However, these are not necessarily consistent
with the measures used in determining the variable amounts of remuneration to be awarded to KMPs. As a consequence, there may not always
be a direct correlation between the statutory key performance measures and the variable remuneration awarded.

 MEASURE                                                                  2019           2018             2017            2016               2015
 Profit/(loss) for the year attributable to owners ($000)             (148,396)      (102,559)           71,586          67,807              9,623
 Basic earnings/(loss) per share (cents)                                  (24.9)          (17.4)             13.2            12.7              1.8
 Dividend payments ($000)                                                        -             -                -               -                -
 Dividend payout ratio (%)                                                       -             -                -               -                -
 Increase/(decrease) in share price (%)                                   (14%)           (31%)              28%            (19%)             30%
 Operating cash flow ($000)                                              12,990        (39,864)         29,260           21,789       (75,881)


Additional statutory information
The table below shows the relative proportions of remuneration that are linked to performance and those that are fixed, based on the amounts
disclosed as statutory remuneration expense (refer to tables on pages 27 to 28).

                             FIXED REMUNERTATION            AT RISK – STI – CASH       AT RISK – STI – DEA(1)            AT RISK – LTI
                              2019           2018           2019          2018         2019            2018           2019          2018(2)
 Directors
 H. Killen                    84%             85%            0%            0%            0%             0%            16%            15%
 Dr S. Dissanayake            100%           100%            0%            0%            0%             0%             0%             0%
 Executives
 B. Bennett                   70%             74%            0%            0%            3%             2%            27%             24%
 S. Grant                     99%            100%            0%            0%            0%             0%             1%             0%
 N. Simonsz                   99%               -            0%             -            0%              -             1%                -
 A. Speer                     99%               -            0%             -            0%              -             1%                -
 A. O’Brien                   100%              -            0%             -            0%              -             0%                -
 Former Executives
 T. McCormack(3)            100%             100%               0%            0%         0%             0%             0%             0%
 D. FitzGibbon(4)           100%              84%               0%            0%         0%             0%             0%            16%
(1) Based on the share based payment expense incurred by the Company in relation to a prior year award.

(2) Percentages disclosed are the fair value of rights to be granted under the LTI plan.

(3) T. McCormack ceased employment with the Company on 2 April 2018.

(4) D. FitzGibbon ceased employment with the Company on 14 December 2018.




25     Australian Agricultural Company Limited | ANNUAL REPORT 2019
Performance based remuneration granted and forfeited during the year
For each STI cash bonus and grant of rights to deferred shares (refer to tables on pages 27 to 28), the percentage of the available bonus or grant
that was paid, or that vested, in the financial year, and the percentage that was forfeited because the person did not meet the service and
performance criteria is set out below. The minimum value of the rights yet to vest is nil, as the rights will be forfeited if the key management
persons fail to satisfy the vesting condition. The maximum value of the rights yet to vest has been determined as the amount of the grant date fair
value of the rights that is yet to be expensed.

                                                                CURRENT YEAR STI ENTITLEMENT (CASH BONUS AND DEA)
                                                Total Opportunity ($)                   Awarded %                           Forfeited %
 Directors
 H. Killen                                            450,000                                0%                               100%
 Executives
 B. Bennett                                           253,011                                6%                                94%
 S. Grant                                             197,100                                0%                               100%
 N. Simonsz(1)                                        273,493                                0%                               100%
 A. Speer(1)                                          248,203                                0%                               100%
 A. O’Brien(1)                                        105,781                                0%                                100%
 Former Executives
 T. McCormack(2)                                       5,513                             0%                                 100%
 D. FitzGibbon(3)                                     270,232                            0%                                 100%
(1) The above opportunity has been adjusted for the number of days of employed as KMP during the year, for each of the relevant employees.

(2) T. McCormack ceased employment with the Company on 2 April 2018.

(3) D. FitzGibbon ceased employment with the Company on 14 December 2018.




26      Australian Agricultural Company Limited | ANNUAL REPORT 2019
                                                           POST-   LONG-TERM
                             SHORT TERM                 EMPLOYMENT  BENEFIT  TERMINATION                SHARE BASED PAYMENT
                                             NON-                                                      SHORT TERM
                  SALARY &        CASH     MONETARY        SUPER-       LONG SERVICE                    INCENTIVE    PERFORMANCE
                    FEES         BONUS     BENEFITS      ANNUATION        LEAVE(1)       BENEFITS         (DEA)(2)    RIGHTS (LTI)(3)    TOTAL
 DIRECTORS             $          $            $              $               $              $              $                              $
 Non-executive Directors
 D. McGauchie
 31/03/2019       250,000          -            -          23,750           N/A              -              -               -           273,750
 31/03/2018       226,045          -            -          21,474           N/A              -              -               -           247,519
 S. Black
 31/03/2019       125,000          -            -          11,875           N/A              -              -               -           136,875
 31/03/2018       113,284          -            -          10,762           N/A              -              -               -           124,046
 D. Crombie
 31/03/2019       130,000          -            -          12,350           N/A              -              -               -           142,350
 31/03/2018       118,284          -            -          11,237           N/A              -              -               -           129,521
 A. Abraham
 31/03/2019       100,000          -            -           9,500           N/A              -              -               -           109,500
 31/03/2018        88,284          -            -           8,387           N/A              -              -               -            96,671
 T. Keene
 31/03/2019       140,000          -            -          13,300           N/A              -              -               -           153,300
 31/03/2018       128,284          -            -          12,187           N/A              -              -               -           140,471
 N. Reisman
 31/03/2019       115,000          -            -              -            N/A              -              -               -           115,000
 31/03/2018       103,284          -            -              -            N/A              -              -               -           103,284
 J. Rudd
 31/03/2019        99,351          -            -          10,149           N/A              -              -               -           109,500
 31/03/2018        37,808          -            -           3,592           N/A              -              -               -            41,400
 Executive Directors
 Dr S. Dissanayake
 31/03/2019       239,800          -            -              -              -              -              -               -           239,800
 31/03/2018       224,447          -            -              -              -              -              -               -           224,447
 H. Killen
 31/03/2019       648,509          -        12,964         20,089             -              -              -          129,919          811,481
 31/03/2018       100,912          -            -           3,341             -              -              -           18,708          122,961
 Total Remuneration: Directors
 31/03/2019      1,847,660         -        12,964        101,013             -              -              -          129,919          2,091,556
 31/03/2018        1,140,632        -           -          70,980            -                -               -           18,708        1,230,320
(1) Long service leave balances are only accrued from 5 years’ service onwards, and this is not applicable to the directors.

(2) The STI expense amounts to the value expensed by the Company for the period.

(3) The LTI expense in 2018 was based on estimates of the expected value of rights to be granted under the LTI plan.




27     Australian Agricultural Company Limited | ANNUAL REPORT 2019
                                                             POST-   LONG-TERM
                                 SHORT TERM               EMPLOYMENT  BENEFIT  TERMINATION           SHARE BASED PAYMENT
                                                 NON-                                               SHORT TERM
                     SALARY &       OTHER      MONETARY      SUPER-    LONG SERVICE                  INCENTIVE    PERFORMANCE
                       FEES       PAYMENTS     BENEFITS    ANNUATION     LEAVE(1)      BENEFITS        (DEA)(2)    RIGHTS (LTI)(3)    TOTAL
 EXECUTIVES             $             $           $           $             $             $              $                              $
 Other KMP
 B. Bennett
 31/03/2019          310,523          -           -         20,049          -              -          15,599        125,524          471,695
 31/03/2018          292,088          -           -         19,940       16,094            -          11,625        105,411          445,158
 S. Grant
 31/03/2019          381,225      40,000(4)     4,200       31,707          -              -              -           1,465          458,597
 31/03/2018          172,705          -         2,275       15,127          -              -              -              -           190,107
 N. Simonsz(5)
 31/03/2019          397,508          -         2,800       19,317          -              -              -           2,832          422,457
 31/03/2018              -            -           -            -            -              -              -              -               -
 A. Speer(6)
 31/03/2019          362,235      100,000(7)    1,976       13,753          -              -              -           2,637          480,601
 31/03/2018              -            -           -            -            -              -              -              -               -
 A. O’Brien(8)
 31/03/2019          147,585          -           -            -            -              -              -              -           147,585
 31/03/2018              -            -           -            -            -              -              -              -               -
 Former Other KMP
 T. McCormack(9)
 31/03/2019              -            -           -            -            -              -              -              -               -
 31/03/2018          356,519          -         4,200       39,818          -          270,749            -              -           671,286
 D. FitzGibbon(10)
 31/03/2019          358,034      100,000(4)    2,975       15,278          -              -              -          62,030          538,317
 31/03/2018          250,249          -         3,500       23,355          -              -              -          52,705          329,809
 Total Remuneration: Other KMP
 31/03/2019          1,957,110    240,000       11,951     100,104          -              -          15,599        194,488          2,519,252
 31/03/2018        1,071,561        -         9,975         98,240         16,094        270,749        11,625         158,116     1,636,360
(1) Long service leave balances are only accrued from 5 years’ service onwards.

(2) The STI expense amounts to the value expensed by the Company for the period.

(3) The LTI expense in 2018 was based on estimates of the expected value of rights to be granted under the LTI plan.

(4) Other payments to S. Grant and D. FitzGibbon during FY19 relate to discretionary cash bonuses for successful project completion.

(5) N. Simonsz was appointed Chief Financial Officer on 1 August 2018 and became a member of KMP on the same date.

(6) A. Speer was appointed Chief Operating Officer on 30 July 2018 and became a member of KMP on the same date.

(7) Other payments to A. Speer during FY19 relate to a sign-on bonus.

(8) A. O’Brien was appointed Chief Commercial Officer on 17 December 2018 and became a member of KMP on the same date.

(9) T. McCormack ceased employment with the Company on 2 April 2018.

(10) D. FitzGibbon ceased employment with the Company on 14 December 2018.


No STI cash incentives were granted during the 12-month period ended 31 March 2019.




28     Australian Agricultural Company Limited | ANNUAL REPORT 2019
5,948,897 performance rights under the LTI plan and nil DEA performance rights were granted during the twelve months to 31 March 2019 (31
March 2018: nil).

No shares were issued to key management personnel during the year-ended 31 March 2019 (31 March 2018: nil).


Rights to shares
The fair value of rights is determined based on the market price of the Company’s shares at the grant date, with an adjustment made to take into
account the two and three year vesting period (where applicable, i.e. on the issue of DEA) and expected dividends during that period that will not be
received by the employees.

A summary of the outstanding performance rights relating to key management personnel is provided below, with a full listing provided in note F7
Share-based Payments.

Details on rights over ordinary shares in the Company that were granted as compensation or vested during the reporting period to each key
management person during the reporting period are as follows:

                                  BALANCE AT               EXERCISED                        BALANCE AT     NOT VESTED
                                 BEGINNING OF  GRANTED AS   DURING           NET CHANGE       END OF        AND NOT   VESTED AND       VALUE YET TO
                                   PERIOD (1) REMUNERATION THE YEAR           OTHER (2)       PERIOD      EXERCISABLE EXERCISABLE         VEST (3)
                      YEAR
 2019                GRANTED       NUMBER          NUMBER         NUMBER       NUMBER         NUMBER        NUMBER         NUMBER           $
 Executives
 H. Killen          2018, 2019     348,236       1,704,234           -         (9,994)      2,042,476      2,042,476           -         455,652
 B. Bennett         2018, 2019     367,659        426,059            -         (9,994)       783,724        783,724            -         420,411
 S. Grant             2019             -          426,059            -             -         426,059        426,059            -          23,433
 N. Simonsz           2019             -          823,713            -             -         823,713        823,713            -          45,304
 A. Speer             2019             -          766,905            -             -         766,905        766,905            -          42,180
 A. O’Brien            -               -               -             -             -             -              -              -             -
       Former Executives
 T. McCormack(4)        -              -               -             -             -             -              -              -             -
 D. FitzGibbon(5)     2018          174,118              -              -        (174,118)             -             -           -         -
(1) The rights disclosed for 2018 included rights under the LTI plan, which were based on best estimates of the expected number of rights to be

     granted.
(2) Represents changes to the 2018 estimates of rights to be offered under the first grant round to adjust to the actual number granted during

     2019. For former executives, the person’s holding at the date of termination is shown as a reduction in their holding.
 (3) The maximum value of the deferred shares yet to vest has been determined based on the share price of the Company at 31 March 2019. The

     minimum value of deferred shares yet to vest is nil, as the shares will be forfeited if the vesting conditions are not met.
(4) T. McCormack ceased employment with the Company on 2 April 2018.

(5) D. FitzGibbon ceased employment with the Company on 14 December 2018.


No other Directors or executives held options or performance rights during the period.




29     Australian Agricultural Company Limited | ANNUAL REPORT 2019
Shareholdings
The table below summarises the movements during the period in the shareholdings of key management personnel, including their personally
related parties, in the Company for the period.

                                                 BALANCE AT            GRANTED AS            EXERCISE OF         NET CHANGE BALANCE AT END
                                               BEGINNING OF          REMUNERATION        OPTIONS/RIGHTS               OTHER      OF PERIOD
                                                     PERIOD
 2019                                               NUMBER                  NUMBER                NUMBER             NUMBER             NUMBER
 Directors
 D. McGauchie                                      1,120,774                         -                     -                 -         1,120,774
 H. Killen                                                   -                       -                     -         113,800            113,800
 S. Black                                             40,000                         -                     -                 -            40,000
 D. Crombie                                           60,000                         -                     -                 -            60,000
 T. Keene                                             75,000                         -                     -                 -            75,000
 A. Abraham                                           30,000                         -                     -                 -            30,000
 Dr S. Dissanayake                                 2,025,000                         -                     -                 -         2,025,000
 N. Reisman                                           45,000                         -                     -                 -            45,000
 J. Rudd                                                     -                       -                     -                 -                    -
 Executives
 B. Bennett                                           97,142                         -                     -                 -            97,142
 S. Grant                                                    -                       -                     -                 -                    -
 N. Simonsz                                                  -                       -                     -                 -                    -
 A. Speer                                                    -                       -                     -                 -                    -
 A. O’Brien                                                  -                       -                     -                 -                    -
 Former Executives
 T. McCormack                                                -                       -                     -                 -                    -
 D. FitzGibbon                                               -                       -                     -                 -                    -
 Total                                             3,492,916                         -                     -         113,800           3,606,716

All equity transactions with Directors and executives other than those arising from the exercise of remuneration options have been entered into
under terms and conditions no more favourable than those the entity would have adopted if dealing at arm’s length.




There are no loans outstanding with the key management personnel at 31 March 2019 (31 March 2018: nil), nor have there been any transactions
that would be considered a loan throughout the period.




There have been no other transactions with key management personnel or their related parties during the financial year to 31 March 2019 (31
March 2018: nil).




30       Australian Agricultural Company Limited | ANNUAL REPORT 2019
The number of Meetings of Directors (including meetings of Committees of Directors) held during the year and the number of meetings attended
by each Director is as follows:

                                                                 AUDIT & RISK                  STAFF &
                                         DIRECTORS’              MANAGEMENT                 REMUNERATION                 NOMINATION
                                          MEETINGS                COMMITTEE                   COMMITTEE                  COMMITTEE
                                     A                B          A             B             A             B            A             B
 D. McGauchie                        7                7          *             6             5             5            1             1
 H. Killen  ¥
                                     7                7          *             6             *             5            *             1
 T. Keene                            7                7          6             6             5             5            1             1
 D. Crombie                          7                7          6             5             5             5            1             1
 S. Black                            7                7          6             6             *             5            1             0
 Dr S. Dissanayake                   7                6          *             4             *             5            *             1
 A. Abraham                          7                7          *             6             *             5            1             1
 N. Reisman                          7                7          6             6             *             5            1             1
 J. Rudd                             7                7          *             5             *             4            *             1
A = Number of meetings held during the time the Director held office or was a member of the committee during the year
B = Number of meetings attended
* Not a member of the relevant committee
¥
   Mr. Killen is invited to all Committee meetings but as an executive is not a member of those Committees




As at the date of this report, the Company had an Audit and Risk Management Committee, Staff and Remuneration Committee and a Nomination
Committee.




Amounts contained in this report and in the financial report have been rounded to the nearest thousand dollars for presentation where noted
($000). This has been completed under the option available to the Company under ASIC Corporations (Rounding in Financial/Directors’ Reports)
Instrument 2016/191. The Company is an entity to which this legislative instrument applies.




31     Australian Agricultural Company Limited | ANNUAL REPORT 2019
We have obtained the following independence declaration from our auditors KPMG.




32    Australian Agricultural Company Limited | ANNUAL REPORT 2019
The following non-audit services were provided by the entity’s lead auditor, KPMG. The Directors are satisfied that the provision of non-audit
services is compatible with the general standard of independence for auditors imposed by the Corporations Act 2001. The nature and scope of
each type of non-audit service provided means that auditor independence was not compromised. The lead auditor received or are due to receive
the following amounts for the provision of non-audit services:

                                                                                               31 MAR 2019                       31 MAR 2018
 METRICS                                                                                                 $                                 $
 Non-audit services                                                                                 23,150                            15,840
                                                                                                    23,150                            15,840

Signed in accordance with a resolution of the Directors




         Donald McGauchie                                                               Hugh Killen
         Chairman                                                                       Managing Director

         Brisbane                                                                       Brisbane
         22 May 2019                                                                    22 May 2019




33     Australian Agricultural Company Limited | ANNUAL REPORT 2019
     Consolidated Income Statement . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .              35

     Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .                             36

     Consolidated Statement of Financial Position . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .                     37

     Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .                      38

     Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .                  39

     Notes to the Financial Statements . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .              40

     Directors’ Declaration . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .   80

     Independent Audit Report . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .         81

     ASX Additional Information. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .        87

     Company Information . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .      88




34      Australian Agricultural Company Limited | ANNUAL REPORT 2019
                                                                                                 31 MAR 2019     31 MAR 2018
                                                                                                        $000            $000
                                                                                    NOTE                            Restated*

 Meat sales                                                                                           246,244        332,658
 Cattle sales                                                                                         117,837         47,021
                                                                                                      364,081        379,679
 Cattle fair value adjustments                                                         A3              58,389        162,971
                                                                                                      422,470        542,650


 Cost of meat sold                                                                                   (226,549)      (304,054)
 Cost of live cattle sold                                                                            (108,858)       (45,589)
 Cattle and feedlot expenses                                                                         (142,082)      (102,788)
 Gross margin                                                                          A2             (55,019)        90,219


 Other income                                                                          F3               1,888          2,822



 Employee expenses                                                                     F3             (51,787)       (54,080)
 Administration and selling costs                                                                     (41,200)       (41,413)
 Other operating costs                                                                                (29,631)       (27,059)
 Property costs                                                                                        (6,960)        (5,814)
 Gain/(loss) on equity investments                                                                        620           (303)
 Depreciation and amortisation                                                                        (11,994)       (17,394)
 Impairment                                                                            A1                    -       (69,502)
 Onerous contract (impairment related to Livingstone)                                  A1                    -        (5,443)
 Loss before finance costs and income tax                                                            (194,083)      (127,967)
 Finance costs                                                                         F3             (15,773)       (17,418)
 Loss before income tax                                                                              (209,856)      (145,385)
 Income tax benefit                                                                    F2              61,460         42,826
 Net loss after tax                                                                                  (148,396)      (102,559)


 LOSS PER SHARE ATTRIBUTABLE TO THE
 ORDINARY EQUITY HOLDERS OF THE PARENT                                                                  CENTS          CENTS
 Basic loss per share                                                                  C5               (24.9)         (17.4)
 Diluted loss per share                                                                C5               (24.9)         (17.4)

The above Consolidated Income Statement should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes.
* Refer to note G3 (c) regarding restated comparative figures.




35      Australian Agricultural Company Limited | ANNUAL REPORT 2019
                                                                                                31 MAR 2019           31 MAR 2018
                                                                                                       $000                  $000
 Loss for the year                                                                                  (148,396)            (102,559)
 Other Comprehensive Income
 Items not to be reclassified to profit or loss:
 Fair value revaluation of land and buildings, net of tax                                              21,942              18,421
 Items to be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss:
 Changes in the fair value of cash flow hedges, net of tax                                             (4,628)              2,155
 Other comprehensive income for the year, net of tax                                                   17,314              20,576
 Total comprehensive loss for the year, net of tax                                                  (131,082)             (81,983)

The above Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes.




36      Australian Agricultural Company Limited | ANNUAL REPORT 2019
                                                                                                    31 MAR 2019     31 MAR 2018
                                                                                       NOTE                $000            $000
 Current Assets
 Cash                                                                                    B1                 7,565        11,218
 Trade and other receivables                                                             B4                18,661        20,515
 Inventories and consumables                                                             B3                33,684        35,068
 Livestock                                                                                A3              171,006       259,104
 Other assets                                                                                               1,099          696
 Total Current Assets                                                                                     232,015       326,601


 Non-Current Assets
 Livestock                                                                                A3              252,331       369,182
 Property, plant and equipment                                                            A4              795,341       753,777
 Intangible assets                                                                                          2,534         2,840
 Investments                                                                              F5                3,613         2,897
 Other receivables                                                                                            742             -
 Total Non-Current Assets                                                                               1,054,561     1,128,696
 Total Assets                                                                                           1,286,576     1,455,297


 Current Liabilities
 Trade and other payables                                                                B5                29,818        27,525
 Provisions                                                                                                 3,397         3,445
 Borrowings                                                                              C1                 1,658         3,025
 Derivatives                                                                             C2                 8,319          457
 Total Current Liabilities                                                                                 43,192        34,452


 Non-Current Liabilities
 Provisions                                                                                                 4,578         5,215
 Borrowings                                                                              C1               364,414       353,363
 Deferred tax liabilities                                                                 F2               30,732        84,747
 Total Non-Current Liabilities                                                                            399,724       443,325
 Total Liabilities                                                                                        442,916       477,777
 Net Assets                                                                                               843,660       977,520


 Equity
 Contributed equity                                                                      C3               528,822       531,937
 Reserves                                                                                 F4              435,369       417,718
 Retained earnings/(losses)                                                                             (120,531)        27,865
 Total Equity                                                                                             843,660       977,520

The above Consolidated Statement of Financial Position should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes.




37        Australian Agricultural Company Limited | ANNUAL REPORT 2019
                                                           CONTRIBUTED                RESERVES              RETAINED
                                                         EQUITY (NOTE C3)              (NOTE F4)    EARNINGS/(LOSSES)       TOTAL EQUITY
                                                                    $000                   $000                 $000               $000
 At 1 April 2017                                                 490,713                396,606               130,424          1,017,743
 Loss for the year                                                        -                     -             (102,559)        (102,559)
 Other comprehensive income                                               -              20,576                         -        20,576
 Total comprehensive loss for the year                                    -              20,576               (102,559)         (81,983)
 Transactions with owners in their capacity as owners:
 Issue of share capital, net of transaction costs                  48,109                       -                       -        48,109
 Treasury shares acquired                                          (6,885)                      -                       -        (6,885)
 Cost of share-based payment                                              -                  536                        -           536
 At 31 March 2018                                                 531,937               417,718                    27,865       977,520


 At 1 April 2018                                                  531,937               417,718                    27,865       977,520
 Loss for the year                                                        -                     -             (148,396)        (148,396)
 Other comprehensive income                                               -              17,314                         -        17,314
 Total comprehensive loss for the year                                    -              17,314               (148,396)        (131,082)
 Transactions with owners in their capacity as owners:
 Issue of share capital, net of transaction costs                         -                     -                       -              -
 Treasury shares acquired                                          (3,115)                      -                       -        (3,115)
 Revaluation of foreign currency operations                               -                  (10)                       -           (10)
 Cost of share-based payment                                              -                  347                        -           347
 At 31 March 2019                                                 528,822               435,369               (120,531)         843,660

The above Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes.




38     Australian Agricultural Company Limited | ANNUAL REPORT 2019
                                                                                                  31 MAR 2019       31 MAR 2018
                                                                                     NOTE                $000              $000
 Cash Flows from Operating Activities
 Receipts from customers                                                                              378,285           376,013
 Payments to suppliers, employees and others                                                         (352,742)         (395,558)
 Interest received                                                                                        108               144
 Net operating cash inflow/(outflow) before interest and finance costs                                  25,651          (19,401)
 Payment of interest and finance costs                                                                 (12,661)         (20,463)
 Net cash inflow/(outflow) from operating activities                                   B2               12,990          (39,864)


 Cash Flows from Investing Activities
 Payments for property, plant and equipment and other assets                                           (25,967)         (19,720)
 Proceeds from sale of property, plant and equipment                                                       426              380
 Investments in associates                                                                                (487)          (2,100)
 Net cash outflows from investing activities                                                           (26,028)         (21,440)


 Cash Flows from Financing Activities
 Proceeds from borrowings, net of transaction costs                                                     37,000           41,874
 Repayment of borrowings                                                                               (24,500)          (5,000)
 Acquisition of treasury shares                                                                         (3,115)          (6,885)
 Net cash inflow from financing activities                                                                  9,385        29,989
 Net decrease in cash                                                                                   (3,653)         (31,315)


 Cash at the beginning of the year                                                                      11,218           42,533
 Cash at the end of the year                                                           B1                   7,565        11,218

The above Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes.




39     Australian Agricultural Company Limited | ANNUAL REPORT 2019
                                                                      PAGE
 A    FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE
 A1   Significant Matters                                               41
 A2   Operating Margin                                                  43
 A3   Livestock                                                         44
 A4   Property                                                          47
 A5   Segment Information                                               49
 B    WORKING CAPITAL
 B1   Net Working Capital                                               52
 B2   Cash                                                              52
 B3   Inventory and Consumables                                         52
 B4   Trade and Other Receivables                                       53
 B5   Trade and Other Payables                                          53
 C    FUNDING AND CAPITAL MANAGEMENT
 C1   Borrowings                                                        54
 C2   Derivatives                                                       54
 C3   Equity                                                            55
 C4   Capital Management                                                56
 C5   Earnings Per Share                                                56
 C6   Dividends                                                         56
 D    FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT
 D1 Interest Rate Risk                                                  57
 D2 Foreign Currency Risk                                               58
 D3 Commodity Price Risk                                                58
 D4 Credit Risk                                                         59
 D5 Liquidity Risk                                                      59
 E    UNREGONISED ITEMS
 E1   Commitments                                                       61
 E2   Contingencies                                                     61
 F    OTHER
 F1   Property, Plant and Equipment at Cost                             62
 F2   Tax                                                               63
 F3   Other Earnings Disclosures                                        64
 F4   Reserves                                                          64
 F5   Investments                                                       65
 F6   Related Parties                                                   65
 F7   Share-based Payments                                              66
 F8   Controlled Entities                                               69
 F9   Parent Entity                                                     71
 F10 Auditor’s Remuneration                                             71
 F11 Significant Events After Balance Date                              71
 G    POLICY DISCLOSURES
 G1 Corporate Information                                               72
 G2 Basis of Preparation                                                72
 G3 Accounting Policies                                                 73




40     Australian Agricultural Company Limited | ANNUAL REPORT 2019
In February 2019, a significant flood event swept through the Gulf of Carpentaria Region of North Queensland. At its peak, flood waters
extended 400km from the Gulf to Julia Creek, and reached approximately 70km wide in many areas. For much of the region that experienced
this event, flood waters reached unprecedented levels.

The floods, running nearly half the length of the Flinders river, impacted four of AACo’s stations in the gulf region. Canobie, Wondoola, Carrum
and Dalgonally experienced infrastructure and livestock losses.

Approximately 82,000 head of cattle were exposed to this event, with total losses estimated at 43,000 head. Additionally, fencing and water
infrastructure on all four properties, as well as buildings at Wondoola station, were damaged.

Due to the significant nature and materiality of the event, Management have recorded estimates for the losses incurred on these properties.

Determining the extent of livestock losses, across these four stations’ 860,000 hectares of land, is inherently challenging. The losses recorded
were therefore based on the best available information of the event and Management’s best estimates and judgement.

These estimates were performed on a station by station basis, using a combination of observations of surviving animals and damaged
infrastructure, as well as applying expected survival rates by paddock against pre-event paddock records. Estimated survival rates were based
on Management’s understanding of livestock vulnerabilities in these events, knowledge of the land’s topography, as well an in-depth
understanding of how the event unfolded and how individual paddocks were impacted.

Livestock losses were estimated to be 43,000 head for a value of $45.6 million and recorded in the Income Statement as fair value losses on
cattle due to attrition – gulf flood write-off (see note A3).

Costs to replace damaged infrastructure to a state that supports the externally assessed long-term carrying capacity of the properties were
estimated to be $5.0m. This was adjusted against the Asset Revaluation Reserve in the equity section of the Balance Sheet. The estimate of
losses recorded in the FY19 results is materially consistent with those announced to the market on 11 March 19.




In FY19, AACo continues to maintain an ongoing focus on operational leadership, skills training, and the continued development of a strong
safety culture, finishing the year with a Lost Time Injury Frequency Rate (LTIFR) of 23.




The Company recorded a $36.4 million increase in the value of the Company’s pastoral property and improvements, following a directors’
assessment of fair value at 31 March 2019. In assessing fair value, the directors utilised information provided by an independent valuation
performed by CBRE during FY19. The revaluation reflects value increases resulting from capital investments made to actively manage our
properties, and increased activity and prices for recent comparable property sales.

The above increase was offset by a $5.0 million decrement due to damaged infrastructure in the Gulf following the flooding event, as noted
above. The rebuild of damaged infrastructure is underway and the Company is committed to repairing and improving these properties.

See note A4 for further details.




The closing herd numbers are 32.6% lower than prior year, due to increased composite cattle sales following the 1824 and Livingstone
decisions. Dry seasonal conditions have also lead to an increased sell-off of these composite herd animals, as the Company focuses resources
on our core Wagyu herd assets. Wagyu herd numbers have marginally increased by 3% from the prior year.

The Gulf flood event resulted in approximately 43,000 head written off, as well as a reduced accrual for unbranded calves due to the gulf flood
event.




41     Australian Agricultural Company Limited | ANNUAL REPORT 2019
Market value adjustments arising from market price changes to the herd values at the close of the period resulted in an unrealised cattle price
loss of $89.0 million driven by a decrease in cattle market prices.




Livingstone Beef is considered to be a single Cash-generating Unit (CGU). During FY18, the CGU experienced adverse market conditions due to
high cattle procurement costs and a lower than average meat sales demand. As indicators of impairment existed, the Company tested the
CGU for impairment. The recoverable amount of the CGU was calculated to be $40.2 million, which was lower than the carrying value by $69.5
million. The carrying value prior to this assessment was $109.7 million, representing $104.8 million of property, plant and equipment and
$4.9 million of working capital. The Company therefore recognised an impairment loss of $69.5 million with respect to buildings,
improvements, plant and equipment, and decreased the carrying values of these assets in the CGU by this amount. There was an additional
$5.4 million impairment provision recorded for an onerous contract in relation to Livingstone Beef.

During H1FY19 operations were suspended at Livingstone Beef. At 30 September 2018, management recalculated the recoverable amount of
the CGU based on the updated conditions, using Level 3 fair value inputs per AASB 13 Fair Value Measurement. The calculated recoverable
amount was materially consistent with the current carrying value of the CGU and as such no adjustment was made to the carrying value of
Livingstone Beef at 30 September 2018. At 31 March 2019, consideration was given to internal and external factors impacting the CGU,
noting no indications of a material change to the carrying value of Livingstone Beef at year-end.

Regular upkeep and maintenance of the facility and its supporting assets continues, whilst the Board and management continue to review
various strategic options for Livingstone Beef.




42    Australian Agricultural Company Limited | ANNUAL REPORT 2019
Operating margin represents value added through the production chain. Margin is achieved through sales of meat products and cattle, as well
as cattle production (pastoral and feedlot).

                                                                                                                                        31 MAR 2018
                                                                                                                 31 MAR 2019                   $000
                                                                                                  NOTE                  $000               Restated*
 Meat Sales
 Sales                                                                                                                246,244                 332,658
 Cost of meat sold(1)                                                                                                (226,549)               (304,054)
 Operating margin                                                                                                       19,695                  28,604


 Cattle Sales
 Sales                                                                                                                117,837                  47,021
 Cost of cattle sold(2)                                                                                              (108,858)                (45,589)
 Operating margin                                                                                                         8,979                  1,432


 Cattle Production
 Fair value adjustments                                                                              A3                 58,389                162,971
 Cattle expenses                                                                                                       (69,448)               (47,897)
 Feedlot expenses                                                                                                      (72,634)               (54,891)
 Operating margin                                                                                                      (83,693)                 60,183


 Gross Operating Margin                                                                                                (55,019)                 90,219
(1) Includes the transfer of cattle at the applicable fair value at the time they leave the property gate en route to a processing plant.

(2) Represents the fair value of the cattle at the time of live sale. At that time, the cost of cattle sold equates to the recorded fair value less

  costs to sell and hence margin apart from selling costs is earned through the cattle production process.
* Refer to note G3 (c) regarding restated comparative figures.

Refer to note A3 for financial information and accounting policies related to Livestock.




43      Australian Agricultural Company Limited | ANNUAL REPORT 2019
                                            31 MAR 2019                   31 MAR 2019                    31 MAR 2018                   31 MAR 2018
 CATTLE AT FAIR VALUE                              $000                          HEAD                           $000                          HEAD
 Current                                        171,006                       148,565                        259,104                         183,394
 Non-Current                                        252,331                     279,340                       369,182                        379,075
 Total livestock                                    423,337                     427,905                       628,286                        562,469

                                                                                                         31 MAR 2019                   31 MAR 2018
 LIVESTOCK MOVEMENT                                                                                             $000                          $000
 Opening carrying amount                                                                                     628,286                         662,482
 Changes in fair value                                                                                          58,389                       162,971
 Purchases of livestock                                                                                         24,564                       103,254
 External sale of livestock less selling expenses                                                            (108,858)                       (45,589)
 Transfers for meat sales                                                                                    (179,044)                     (254,832)
 Closing carrying amount                                                                                      423,337                        628,286

                                                                                                         31 MAR 2019                   31 MAR 2018
 CATTLE FAIR VALUE ADJUSTMENTS                                                                                  $000                          $000
 Market value movements(1)                                                                                   (88,994)                        (71,145)
 Biological transformation(2)                                                                                 157,214                        157,976
 Natural increase                                                                                               58,262                       106,072
 Attrition                                                                                                    (22,163)                       (29,571)
 Gulf flood write-off(3)                                                                                      (45,648)                               -
 Other                                                                                                            (282)                         (361)
 Total cattle fair value adjustments                                                                            58,389                       162,971
(1) As a biological asset, AASB 141 Agriculture requires the livestock to be valued at fair value at all times prior to sale or harvest. As such,

     value increases occur through change in fair values rather than sales margin.
(2) Biological transformation in accordance with Australian Accounting Standard AASB 141 Agriculture, includes reclassification of an animal

    as it moves from being a branded calf and progresses through the various stages to become a trading animal and then as it ages. All these
    changes occur and are measured before the ultimate sale (cash realisation).
(3) Due to the Gulf flooding event in February 2019, the Company recognised an additional attrition reflecting livestock lost in this

    unprecedented natural disaster.




Livestock is measured at fair value less costs to sell, with any change recognised in the income statement. Costs to sell include all costs that
would be necessary to sell the assets, including freight and direct selling costs.

The fair value of livestock is based on its present location and condition. If an active or other effective market exists for livestock in its present
location and condition, the quoted price in that market is the appropriate basis for determining the fair value of that asset. Where the
Company has access to different markets, then the most relevant market is used to determine fair value. The relevant market is defined as
the market “that access is available to the entity” to be used at the time the fair value is established.

If an active market does not exist, then one of the following is used in determining fair value in the below order:

>      the most recent market transaction price, provided that there has not been a significant change in economic circumstances between the
       date of that transaction and the end of the reporting period

>      market prices, in markets accessible to us, for similar assets with adjustments to reflect differences

>      sector benchmarks

In the event that market determined prices or values are not available for livestock in its present condition, the present value of the expected
net cash flows from the asset discounted at a current market determined rate may be used in determining fair value.




44       Australian Agricultural Company Limited | ANNUAL REPORT 2019
At the end of each reporting period, we measure livestock at fair value. The fair value is determined through price movements, natural
increase and the weight of the herd.

The net increments or decrements in the market value of livestock are recognised as either revenue or expense in the income statement,
determined as:

>     The difference between the total fair value of livestock recognised at the beginning of the financial year and the total fair value of
      livestock recognised as at the reporting date; less

>     Costs expected to be incurred in realising the market value (including freight and selling costs).

Fair Value Inputs are summarised as follows:

Level 1 Price Inputs – are quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities that can be accessed at the
measurement date.

Level 2 Price Inputs – are inputs other than quoted prices included within Level 1 that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly
(i.e. as prices) or indirectly (i.e. derived from prices).

Level 3 Price Inputs – are inputs for the asset or liability that are not based on observable market data (unobservable inputs).

                                                                       31 MAR 2019          31 MAR 2019          31 MAR 2018          31 MAR 2018
 FAIR VALUE INPUT         CATTLE TYPE                                         $000                 HEAD                 $000                 HEAD
 Level 1                  None                                                      -                    -                    -                   -
 Level 2                  Commercial & stud breeding herd                    235,387              218,918              328,595             290,659
 Level 2                  Trading cattle                                      86,406              111,323              146,462             140,235
 Level 2                  Unbranded calves                                    13,835               58,956               36,021              86,716
 Level 3                  Feedlot cattle                                      87,709               38,708              117,208              44,859
                                                                             423,337              427,905              628,286             562,469
 Average value per head                                                                              $989                                      $1,117




45     Australian Agricultural Company Limited | ANNUAL REPORT 2019
 TYPE                     LEVEL   VALUATION METHOD
 Commercial & Stud         2      The value of these cattle (comprising principally females and breeding bulls) is determined by independent
 Breeding Herd                    valuations with reference to prices received from representative sales of breeding cattle similar to the
                                  Company’s herd. Prices for these cattle generally reflect a longer term view of the cattle market.
                                  Independent valuations were undertaken by Elders Limited. In performing the valuation, consideration is
                                  given to the class, age, quality and location of the herd. Direct comparisons are made to recent sales
                                  evidence in relevant cattle markets.
 Trading Cattle            2      Relevant market indicators used include Roma store cattle prices, MLA over-the hook market indicators, and
                                  cattle prices received/quoted for the Company’s cattle at the reporting date. Prices for these cattle generally
                                  reflect the shorter term spot prices available in the market place and vary based on the weight and condition
                                  of the animal.

                                  Live export cattle (Victoria River Group, Anthony Lagoon & Darwin Group) are valued based on market quotes
                                  available at each reporting date.

                                  Wagyu trading cattle are valued on the basis of an independent valuation by Elders Limited. In performing
                                  the valuation, consideration is given to class, age, quality, genetics, recent comparable sales evidence and
                                  current market conditions for Crossbred Wagyu cattle.
 Unbranded Calves          2      The value of unbranded calves is determined with reference to Roma store calf prices at the Company’s
                                  reporting date. The number of calves is determined by applying the percentage of branding assessed each
                                  year to the number of productive cows and the results of pregnancy testing.
 Feedlot Cattle            3      Feedlot cattle are valued internally by the Company as there is no observable market for them. The value is
                                  based on the estimated entry price per kilogram and the value changes for the weight of each animal as it
                                  progresses through the feedlot program. The key factors affecting the value of each beast are price/kg and
                                  average daily gain of weight. The average daily gain of weight is in the range of 0.7kgs to 1.9kgs. The value is
                                  determined by applying the average weight gain per day by the number of days on feed from induction to exit
                                  at which point the cattle are delivered to market. The value per animal is based on the breed and
                                  specifications of the animal and the market it is destined for. Significant increases (decreases) in any of the
                                  significant unobservable valuation inputs for feedlot cattle in isolation would result in a significantly higher
                                  (lower) fair value measurement.

                                                          31 MAR 2019              31 MAR 2019              31 MAR 2018            31 MAR 2018
 UNBRANDED CALVES                                                $000                     HEAD                     $000                   HEAD
 Calf accrual opening                                            36,021                   86,716                   40,826                 99,898
 Movement(1)                                                    (22,186)                 (27,760)                  (4,805)               (13,182)
 Calf accrual closing                                            13,835                   58,956                   36,021                 86,716
 Average value per head                                                                     $235                                            $415
(1) Unbranded calves are assessed at each reporting date based on information available at the time. The Company does not track individual

     calves until such time as they have been branded and recorded in the livestock management system.

                                                          31 MAR 2019              31 MAR 2019              31 MAR 2018            31 MAR 2018
 FEEDLOT CATTLE                                                  $000                     HEAD                     $000                   HEAD
 Opening values                                                 117,208                   44,859                 131,126                  47,566
 Inductions                                                     104,227                   50,369                 152,151                  67,136
 Sales                                                        (134,973)                  (56,202)               (181,508)                (69,492)
 Attrition and rations                                             (831)                    (318)                  (1,015)                  (351)
 Fair value adjustments recognised                                 2,078                         -                 16,454                        -
 Closing values                                                  87,709                   38,708                 117,208                  44,859
 Average value per head                                                                   $2,266                                          $2,613




46       Australian Agricultural Company Limited | ANNUAL REPORT 2019
                                                                                                           31 MAR 2019           31 MAR 2018
 PROPERTY PLANT AND EQUIPMENT                                                               NOTE                  $000                  $000
 Pastoral property and improvements at fair value                                                               738,462                 698,207
 Industrial property and improvements at cost                                                  F1                 31,278                 31,443
 Plant and equipment at cost                                                                   F1                 24,380                 22,602
 Capital work in progress                                                                      F1                  1,221                  1,525
 Total property, plant and equipment                                                                            795,341                 753,777




                                                                                                                                          TOTAL
 31 MAR 2019                                                                                                                               $000
 Opening balance                                                                                                                        698,207
 Additions                                                                                                                               14,410
 Disposals                                                                                                                                   (402)
 Net revaluation increment/(decrement) recognised in asset revaluation reserve                                                           31,346
 Depreciation                                                                                                                            (5,099)
 Closing balance                                                                                                                        738,462


                                                                                                                                          TOTAL
 31 MAR 2018                                                                                                                               $000
 Opening balance                                                                                                                        667,860
 Additions                                                                                                                                8,899
 Disposals                                                                                                                                       -
 Net revaluation increment/(decrement) recognised in asset revaluation reserve                                                           26,315
 Depreciation                                                                                                                            (4,867)
 Closing balance                                                                                                                        698,207




Pastoral property and improvements are carried at a revalued amount, which is the fair value at the date of the revaluation, less any
subsequent accumulated depreciation on buildings and accumulated impairment losses.

Fair value is determined by the Directors with reference to work performed by external independent valuers and performed on an annual basis
with reference to market-based evidence, which is the price that would be received to sell an asset in an orderly transaction between market
participants at the measurement date.

Any revaluation increment is credited to the asset revaluation reserve included in the equity section of the Statement of Financial Position,
unless it reverses a revaluation decrement of the same asset previously recognised in the Income Statement. Any revaluation decrement is
recognised in the Income Statement unless it directly offsets a previous increment of the same asset in the asset revaluation reserve. In
addition, any accumulated depreciation as at revaluation date is eliminated against the gross carrying amount of the asset and the net
amount is restated to the revalued amount of the asset. Upon disposal of property and improvements, any revaluation reserve relating to the
particular asset being sold is transferred to the capital profits reserve.

All initial lump sum payments in respect of pastoral and perpetual property leases have been classified as land. The remaining lease payments
are nominal and are therefore expensed to the Income Statement as incurred.

Refer to note F1 and note G3 for the financial information and accounting policies as they relate to property, plant and equipment at cost
respectively.




47     Australian Agricultural Company Limited | ANNUAL REPORT 2019
In determining the fair value of pastoral property and improvements, the Directors initiate periodic independent valuations through registered
property valuers. Once these valuations have been considered and reviewed by the Directors they are then adopted as Directors’ valuations.

The following valuation techniques and key inputs are used for the level 3 (there are no level 1 and level 2) property and improvement
valuations:

 31 MAR 2019       31 MAR 2018                                 SIGNIFICANT                              31 MAR 2019             31 MAR 2018
        $000              $000 VALUATION TECHNIQUE             UNOBSERVABLE INPUTS                   RANGE/(AVERAGE)         RANGE/(AVERAGE)
     629,162        604,507       Direct Comparison          Number of adult equivalents                5,350 – 89,200            5,350 - 81,500
                                  (Productive Unit Approach)                                                    25,406                    24,585
                                                               Dollar per adult equivalents             $1,000 - $4,500         $1,000 - $4,500
                                                                                                                 $1,669                  $1,644
                                                               Number of properties                                   18                       18
      43,850         33,100       Direct Comparison            Dollar per hectare                                $1,289                     $973
                                  (Hectare Rate Approach)                                                        $1,289                     $973
                                                               Number of properties                                   1                        1
      65,450         60,600       Direct Comparison            Dollar per hectare                       $3,521 - $3,528         $3,467 - $3,518
                                  (Hectare Rate and                                                              $3,525                  $3,493
                                  Standard Cattle Unit         Standard cattle units                   16,000 – 45,000         16,000 – 45,000
                                  Approach)                                                                     30,500                  30,500
                                                               Number of properties                                     2                        2

An independent valuation was performed by valuers CBRE to determine the fair value using the market based direct comparison method. One
of three direct comparison method techniques were utilised, being either a Productive Unit Approach, Hectare Rate Approach or a Summation
Approach using Standard Cattle Units and Hectare Rate. Valuation of the assets was determined by analysing comparable sales and allowing
for size, location, rainfall, water supply, seasonal conditions, structural capital works and other relevant factors specific to the property and
improvements being valued. From the sales analysed, an appropriate rate per adult equivalent or hectare has been applied to the subject
property and improvements. The effective date of the valuation is 31 March 2019.

Under the Productive Unit Approach, a dollar per Adult Equivalent is adopted inclusive of all structures. This method takes into consideration
the type and mix of land types, rainfall, extent of water, fencing and structural improvements, current carrying capacity and potential, and
location relative to markets and services. An external expert, Dr Steve Petty of Spektrum, was engaged during FY19 as part of the valuation
process to perform an independent assessment of adult equivalent carrying capacity using a consistent methodology based on scientific
analysis of grazing distribution, land system analysis, station and paddock stocking history and published data for the relevant regions.

Under the Hectare Rate Approach, a range of dollar per hectare rates are applied to land components exclusive of all structures. This method
takes into consideration the land type composition of the property and therefore the proportion of land that lies outside the watered area and
its potential or lack thereof. The basis of assessment is direct comparison with sales evidence on an analysed hectare rate, excluding
structures. The improved market value is determined from the summation of land with the added value of structures, such as residences,
sheds and yards.

The Hectare Rate and Standard Cattle Unit Approach applies the same principles as the Hectare Rate Approach but includes a dollar per
Standard Cattle Unit rate which is applied to feedlot infrastructure. The basis of assessment is direct comparison with sales evidence on an
analysed Standard Cattle Unit rate. The improved market value is determined from the summation of land and feedlot infrastructure with the
added value of structures, such as residences, sheds and yards. The derived valuation amount for the buildings and yards is obtained from
analysis of comparable sales evidence.

Significant increases (decreases) in any of the significant unobservable valuation inputs under the Productive Unit Approach, Hectare Rate
Approach or Hectare Rate and Standard Cattle Units Approach in isolation would result in a significantly higher (lower) fair value measurement.
Changes in seasonal conditions and rainfall would result in a significantly lower or higher carrying capacity, dollar per adult equivalent and
dollar per hectare.




48      Australian Agricultural Company Limited | ANNUAL REPORT 2019
Deemed Cost
If freehold land, pastoral leases, buildings and improvements were measured using the deemed cost model (the fair value of the assets in
2005 plus subsequent acquisitions at cost) the carrying amounts would be as follows:

                                                                                              31 MAR 2019                         31 MAR 2018
                                                                                                     $000                                $000
 Deemed cost                                                                                        343,722                             329,312
 Accumulated depreciation                                                                           (57,510)                            (52,411)
 Net carrying amount                                                                                286,212                             276,901


Pastoral leases
Our cattle stations are generally held under a leasehold agreement with the Crown. Leasehold properties in Queensland are mainly pastoral
holdings which are rolling term leases with a maximum period of 50 years. In the Northern Territory, the pastoral leases we hold have been
granted on a perpetual basis by the Northern Territory Government.




AASB 8 Operating Segments requires operating segments to be identified on the basis of internal reports about components of the Company,
that are regularly reviewed by the chief operating decision maker in order to allocate resources to the segment and to assess its performance.
The Group has identified its operating segments based on the internal reports that are reviewed and used by the Managing Director/Chief
Executive Officer (the chief operating decision maker) in assessing performance and in determining the allocation of resources. The operating
segments are identified by management based on the nature of the product produced and the reporting structure within the Group. Discrete
financial information for each of the operating segments is reported to the Managing Director/Chief Executive Officer (MD/CEO) on at least a
monthly basis.




Under the current internal reporting framework, the financial results of the Livingstone processing plant are disclosed separately in monthly
management reports from the rest of the Company. This results in the following operating segments:

>    Livingstone Beef processing plant

>    AACo excluding Livingstone

To get to a final segment result, the above two segments results include a corporate overheads expense allocation.




The accounting policies used in reporting segments are the same as those contained in note G3 to the financial statements and in the prior
period, except as follows:

>    Inter-entity sales

Inter-entity sales are recognised based on arm’s length market prices.

Operating Profit is the key indicator used to monitor and manage the Company. It eliminates the potential distraction caused by unrealised
livestock and inventory valuation adjustments being recorded in the financial results, and is a better reflection of actual financial performance
under the control of management. Operating Profit assumes all Livestock inventory is valued on a $/kg live-weight (LW) basis and is derived by
adjusting statutory EBITDA to substitute the movement in inventory at market value with the movement in inventory at cost of production.

To provide greater transparency on operating performance, Operating Profit replaces the previously reported Operating EBITDA metric.
Operating Profit values inventory movement at a cost of production rather than at various standard costs.

The following table presents the revenue and profit information regarding operating segments (incorporating a reconciliation of Operating
Profit/(Loss) to Statutory NPAT) for the twelve months to 31 March 2019 and 31 March 2018. Segment assets and liabilities are not reported
to the MD/CEO and therefore segment assets and liabilities are not separately disclosed.


49     Australian Agricultural Company Limited | ANNUAL REPORT 2019
                                                        AACO EX LIVINGSTONE   LIVINGSTONE BEEF   ELIMINATIONS      TOTAL
 31 MAR 2019                                                           $000              $000            $000       $000
 Segment revenue                                                   348,191             32,232        (16,342)    364,081
 Inter-segment revenue                                             (16,342)                  -        16,342            -
 Revenue from external customers                                   331,849             32,232               -    364,081
 Underlying Operating Profit/(Loss)                                 39,644            (15,924)              -     23,720


 Gulf flood livestock attrition                                    (45,648)                  -              -    (45,648)
 Gulf flood emergency expenses                                        (994)                  -              -       (994)
 Operating Loss                                                     (6,998)           (15,924)              -    (22,922)


 Reverse: Movement in inventory at cost of production                 (218)             2,583               -      2,365
 Other income/expenses                                              (2,941)                90               -     (2,851)
 Change in livestock value                                        (165,206)             5,905               -   (159,301)
 Statutory EBITDA loss                                            (175,363)            (7,346)              -   (182,709)


 Depreciation and amortisation                                     (10,869)            (1,125)              -    (11,994)
 Impairment                                                               -                  -              -           -
 Onerous contract (impairment related to Livingstone)                     -                  -              -           -
 Gain on equity investments                                            620                   -              -        620
 Statutory EBIT loss                                              (185,612)            (8,471)              -   (194,083)


 Net finance costs                                                                                               (15,773)
 Income tax benefit                                                                                               61,460
 Net loss after tax                                                                                             (148,396)


                                                        AACO EX LIVINGSTONE   LIVINGSTONE BEEF   ELIMINATIONS      TOTAL
 31 MAR 2018                                                           $000              $000            $000       $000
 Segment revenue                                                   307,062             97,341        (24,724)    379,679
 Inter-segment revenue                                             (24,724)                  -        24,724            -
 Revenue from external customers                                   282,338             97,341               -    379,679
 Operating Profit/(Loss)                                             9,779            (23,260)              -    (13,481)


 Reverse: Movement in inventory at cost of production                8,279                660               -      8,939
 Other income/expenses                                               2,774                639               -      3,413
 Change in livestock value                                         (34,196)                  -                   (34,196)
 Statutory EBITDA loss                                             (13,364)           (21,961)              -    (35,325)


 Depreciation and amortisation                                     (11,647)            (5,747)              -    (17,394)
 Impairment                                                               -           (69,502)              -    (69,502)
 Onerous contract (impairment related to Livingstone)                     -            (5,443)              -     (5,443)
 Loss on equity investments                                           (303)                  -              -       (303)
 Statutory EBIT loss                                               (25,314)          (102,653)              -   (127,967)


 Net finance costs                                                                                               (17,418)
 Income tax benefit                                                                                               42,826
 Net loss after tax                                                                                             (102,559)




50      Australian Agricultural Company Limited | ANNUAL REPORT 2019
                                                                                           31 MAR 2019                   31 MAR 2018
 MEAT SALES REVENUES                                                                              $000                          $000
 South Korea                                                                                     65,876                         71,405
 Australia                                                                                       47,592                         53,559
 China                                                                                           25,860                         12,962
 USA                                                                                             19,860                         71,198
 Other countries                                                                                 87,056                        123,534
 Total meat sales revenue per Income Statement                                                  246,244                        332,658

Meat sales revenues of $58.9 million were derived from one of the Company’s major external customers (31 March 2018: $101.5 million
from two major external customers). No other customer contributed to more than 10% of the Company’s revenue.

                                                                                           31 MAR 2019                   31 MAR 2018
 CATTLE SALES REVENUES                                                                            $000                          $000
 Australia                                                                                      117,837                         47,021
 Total cattle sales revenue per Income Statement                                                117,837                         47,021




51       Australian Agricultural Company Limited | ANNUAL REPORT 2019
                                                                       31 MAR 2019        31 MAR 2018
                                                               NOTE           $000               $000
 Cash                                                                        7,565             11,218
 Inventory and consumables                                       B3         33,684             35,068
 Trade and other receivables                                     B4         18,661             20,515
 Trade and other payables                                        B5        (29,818)           (27,525)
 Net working capital                                                        30,092             39,276




 RECONCILIATION OF NET LOSS AFTER TAX TO NET CASH FLOWS FROM           31 MAR 2019        31 MAR 2018
 OPERATIONS                                                                   $000               $000
 Net loss after income tax                                                (148,396)          (102,559)
 Adjustments for:
 Depreciation and amortisation                                              11,994             17,394
 Impairment                                                                       -            69,503
 (Gain)/loss on equity investments                                            (620)               303
 Change in fair value of property                                                 -                  -
 Loss/(gain) on disposal of property, plant and equipment                      453               (380)
 Amortisation of borrowing costs                                              (315)              (379)
 Non-cash share based payment expense                                          347                536
 (Increment)/decrement in fair value of livestock                          204,949             34,196
 Income tax expense reported in equity                                      (7,445)            (9,402)
 Derivative movement reported in equity                                     (5,525)             2,973


 Changes in assets and liabilities:
 (Increase)/decrease in inventories                                          1,384             (6,494)
 (Increase)/decrease in trade and other receivables                          1,112             (6,424)
 (Increase)/decrease in prepayments and other assets                          (403)               710
 (Decrease)/increase in deferred tax liabilities                           (54,015)           (33,424)
 (Decrease)/increase in trade and other payables                             2,293             (3,717)
 (Decrease)/increase in derivatives                                          7,862             (5,656)
 (Decrease)/increase in provisions                                            (685)             2,956
 Net cash (outflow)/inflow from operating activities                        12,990            (39,864)
 Non-cash financing and investing activities
 Acquisition of assets by means of finance leases                            3,132              3,810




                                                                           31 MAR 2019    31 MAR 2018
                                                                                  $000           $000
 Meat inventory                                                                 13,917         18,488
 Feedlot commodities                                                             10,275         6,732
 Bulk stores                                                                      7,964         7,853
 Other inventory                                                                  1,528         1,995
                                                                                 33,684        35,068




52      Australian Agricultural Company Limited | ANNUAL REPORT 2019
                                                                                                      31 MAR 2019               31 MAR 2018
                                                                                                             $000                      $000
 Trade receivables from others                                                                             17,143                    15,347
 Trade receivables from individually not material associates                                                        -                      561
 Total trade receivables                                                                                     17,143                    15,908
 Provision for impairment of receivables                                                                       (319)                             -
                                                                                                             16,824                    15,908
 Other receivables                                                                                            1,837                      4,607
                                                                                                             18,661                    20,515

Trade receivables are non-interest bearing. Provision for impairment of receivables is the loss allowance for trade receivables and is measured
at an amount equal to lifetime expected credit losses. The ageing of trade receivables and the provision for impairment of receivables is
outlined below:

                                                                                                      31 MAR 2019               31 MAR 2018
 Trade receivables aging                                                                                     $000                      $000
 Current or past due under 30 days                                                                         16,804                    15,865
 Past due 31-60 days                                                                                               2                        33
 Past due 61+ days                                                                                              337                         10
 Total trade receivables                                                                                     17,143                    15,908



                                                                                                      31 MAR 2019               31 MAR 2018
 Provision for impairment of receivables aging                                                               $000                      $000
 Current or past due under 30 days                                                                           (253)                         -
 Past due 31-60 days                                                                                                -                            -
 Past due 61+ days                                                                                              (66)                             -
 Total trade receivables                                                                                       (319)                             -

Our maximum exposure to credit risk is the net carrying value of receivables. We do not hold collateral as security, nor is it our policy to
transfer (on-sell) receivables to special purpose entities. Refer to note D for more information on the risk management policy of the Company.




                                                                                                      31 MAR 2019               31 MAR 2018
                                                                                                             $000                      $000
 Trade payables                                                                                            22,398                    20,738
 Other payables                                                                                               4,023                      4,691
 Deferred revenue                                                                                             3,397                      2,096
                                                                                                             29,818                    27,525

Trade payables are non-interest bearing and are normally settled on agreed terms which are generally up to 30 days. Other payables are non-
interest bearing. Deferred revenue relates to payments received in advance on sales.

Trade payables includes amounts due to associates, as shown below. Refer to note F6 for further details.

                                                                                                      31 MAR 2019               31 MAR 2018
 Trade payables                                                                                              $000                      $000
 Trade payables to others                                                                                  21,712                    19,782
 Trade payables to associate – Pyxle (Private) Limited                                                          686                        296
 Trade payables to other individually not material associates                                                       -                      660
                                                                                                             22,398                    20,738




53     Australian Agricultural Company Limited | ANNUAL REPORT 2019
                                                                                                         31 MAR 2019                31 MAR 2018
                                                                                                                $000                       $000
 Current
 Obligations under finance leases                                                                                1,658                       3,025
 Non-Current
 Obligations under finance leases                                                                                2,782                      4,547
 Secured bank loan facility                                                                                    361,632                    348,816
                                                                                                               364,414                    353,363




Facility A loans are repayable on 8 September 2022 and Facility B loans are repayable on 8 September 2020. The interest on these facilities
is charged at the applicable BBSY rate + Margin. The facility is currently drawn down by $362.7 million (31 March 2018: $350.2 million) and
is offset in the Statement of Financial Position by a prepaid facility participation fee of $1 million (31 March 2018: $1.4 million).

Financing facilities are provided on a secured basis, with security given over all fixed and floating assets. Financial covenants are in place over
the Company’s Loan to Value Ratio (LVR). We have the following financing facilities available:
                                                                                                         31 MAR 2019                31 MAR 2018
                                                                                                                $000                       $000
 Total available under Facility A and Facility B                                                              500,000                    500,000
 Guarantee facility                                                                                             3,000                      3,000
 Drawn-down (including bank guarantees - refer note C4)                                                      (364,154)                  (351,654)
 Unused                                                                                                        138,846                    151,346




                                                                                                         31 MAR 2019                31 MAR 2018
                                                                                                                $000                       $000
 Current Liabilities
 Interest rate swap contracts                                                                                    6,884                         355
 Foreign currency contracts                                                                                      1,435                         102
                                                                                                                  8,319                        457




                                                     NOTIONAL AMOUNTS            NOTIONAL AMOUNTS                AVERAGE               AVERAGE
                                                                 (AUD)                       (AUD)         EXCHANGE RATE         EXCHANGE RATE
                                                          31 MAR 2019                 31 MAR 2018            31 MAR 2019           31 MAR 2018
 SELL FX/BUY AUD                                                 $000                        $000                   $000                  $000
 Sell USD Maturity 0-12 months                                      48,391                     11,354                0.7339                0.7787

Foreign currency contracts are attributed to forecast meat sales. As these contracts are hedge accounted, the effectiveness was required to
be assessed in terms of AASB 9 Financial Instruments from 1 April 2018 due to the Company’s decision to adopt AASB 9 rather than electing
to continue applying AASB 139 Financial Instruments. The effective portion of the movement has been accounted for in Other Comprehensive
Income and the ineffective portion posted to the income statement. Forward currency contracts can have maturities of up to 36 months.
These contracts are in US dollars. The total notional value of these contracts at 31 March 2019 was AUD $48.4 million (31 March 2018: AUD
$11.4 million). There was no material impact from the implementation of AASB 9, and therefore no prior period adjustments have been
recorded.

The net fair value gain on foreign currency derivatives during the twelve months to 31 March 2019 was $1,435,000 with $1,358,000
effective and $77,000 ineffective (12 months to 31 March 2018: $102,000 gain with $84,000 effective and $18,000 ineffective).




54      Australian Agricultural Company Limited | ANNUAL REPORT 2019
The Company has entered into interest rate swaps which are economic hedges. The Company fair values these contracts by comparing the
contracted rate to the future market rates for contracts with the same length of maturity. Interest rate swaps are entered in order to manage
the mix of borrowings between fixed and floating rates as per our Treasury Policy. The $235 million of swaps have been designated as
effective interest rate swaps and therefore satisfy the accounting standard requirements for hedge accounting. The swaps expire on 8
September 2022 in line with the expiry date of the bank facility.

As at the reporting date, the notional principal amounts and period of expiry of the interest rate swap contracts were as follows:

                                                                                                        31 MAR 2019                  31 MAR 2018
                                                                                                               $000                         $000
 0-1 years                                                                                                         -                            -
 1-5 years                                                                                                   235,000                     235,000

The gain or loss from remeasuring the interest rate swaps at fair value is recognised in other comprehensive income and deferred in equity in
the hedging reserve, to the extent that the hedge is effective. It is reclassified into profit or loss when the hedged interest expense is
recognised. In the twelve months to 31 March 2019 the loss recognised for interest rate swaps into profit or loss was $2.1 million (twelve
months to 31 March 2018: $4.1 million). There was no hedge ineffectiveness in the current or prior year.




                                                                  31 MAR 2019         31 MAR 2018           31 MAR 2019              31 MAR 2018
                                                                      SHARES              SHARES                   $000                     $000
 Opening balance                                                  598,430,888          558,710,413                531,937                490,713
 Shares issued on exercise of performance rights                                -            87,037                        -                    -
 Shares issued on exercise of options                                           -                   -                      -                    -
 Treasury shares acquired                                           (2,428,989)         (4,335,859)                (3,115)                (6,885)
 Value of conversion rights – convertible notes                                 -       43,969,297                         -              48,109
 Total contributed equity                                         596,001,899          598,430,888                528,822                531,937




55     Australian Agricultural Company Limited | ANNUAL REPORT 2019
When managing capital, our objective is to safeguard our ability to continue as a going concern as well as to maintain optimal returns to
shareholders and benefits for other stakeholders. We also aim to maintain a capital structure that ensures the lowest cost of capital.

We monitor capital using the gearing ratio (net debt divided by total capital plus net debt) and our target gearing ratio is between 20.0% to
35.0%. We include within net debt, interest-bearing loans and borrowings. For the Company’s financial risk management objectives and
policies refer to note D.

                                                                                                         31 MAR 2019                31 MAR 2018
 ASSETS AND CAPITAL STRUCTURE                                                                                   $000                       $000
 Debt:
 Current interest-bearing loans and borrowings                                                                   1,658                      3,025

 Non-current interest-bearing loans and borrowings
      Obligations under finance leases                                                                          2,782                      4,547
     Bank loan facility (1)                                                                                   362,700                    350,200

 Bank guarantees                                                                                                 1,454                     1,454
 Cash                                                                                                           (7,565)                  (11,218)
 Net debt                                                                                                     361,029                    348,008
 Net equity                                                                                                   843,660                    977,520
 Total capital employed                                                                                     1,204,689                  1,325,528
Gearing (net debt/net debt+equity)                                                                                 29.97%                    26.25%
(1) The gearing ratio is calculated utilising the drawn-down balance of the bank loan facility. This is not offset for $1 million of prepaid

    borrowing costs.




The following reflects the income used in the basic and diluted earnings per share computations:

                                                                                                         31 MAR 2019                31 MAR 2018
                                                                                                                $000                       $000
 Net (loss)/profit attributable to ordinary equity holders of the parent (basic)                            (148,396)                  (102,559)
 Interest expense on convertible notes, net of tax                                                                     -                        388
 Net (loss)/profit attributable to ordinary equity holders of the parent (diluted)                           (148,396)                  (102,171)

The following reflects the weighted average number of ordinary shares used in the basic and diluted earnings per share computations:

                                                                                                         31 MAR 2019                31 MAR 2018
                                                                                                             SHARES                     SHARES
 Weighted average number of ordinary shares (basic)                                                      596,690,028                589,060,929
 Adjustments for calculation of diluted earnings per share:
 Weighted average options and rights                                                                                   -                          -
 Weighted average number of ordinary shares (diluted) as at 31 March                                     596,690,028                589,060,929




No final or interim dividends were declared and paid during the twelve months to 31 March 2019 (twelve months to 31 March 2018: nil).
There are no franking credits available for the subsequent financial year (31 March 2018: nil).




56      Australian Agricultural Company Limited | ANNUAL REPORT 2019
Exposure to key financial risks are managed in accordance with our financial risk management policy. The objective of the policy is to support
the delivery of the Company’s financial targets while protecting future financial security. The Audit and Risk Management Committee under the
authority of the Board hold primary responsibility for identification and control of financial risks. The Board reviews and agrees policies for
managing each of the risks identified. Different methods are used to measure and manage the different types of risks to which the Company is
exposed. The main risks arising from financial instruments are interest rate, foreign currency, commodity, credit and liquidity risk.

As at 31 March 2019 and 31 March 2018, the only financial instruments recognised at fair value were interest rate swaps and forward foreign
currency contracts. These are valued using a level 2 method (refer to note C2) which estimates fair value using inputs that are observable
either directly (as prices) or indirectly (derived from prices). The carrying amount of all other financial assets and liabilities approximates the
fair value.




Our policy is to manage our finance costs using a mix of fixed and variable rate debt. In accordance with our Treasury Policy, we maintain at
least 50% of our borrowings at fixed rates which are carried at amortised cost. It is acknowledged that fair value exposure is a by-product of
our attempt to manage our cash flow volatility arising from interest rate changes. To manage this mix in a cost-efficient manner, we enter into
interest rate swaps, in which we agree to exchange, at specified intervals, the difference between fixed and variable rate interest amounts
calculated by reference to an agreed-upon notional principal amount. We regularly analyse our interest rate exposure taking into consideration
potential renewals of existing positions, alternative financing and the mix of fixed and variable interest rates.

In 2018 the Company entered into interest rate swaps totalling $235 million. These swaps expire on 8 September 2022 in line with the expiry
date of the bank facility. The swaps have been designated as effective interest rate swaps and therefore satisfy the accounting standard
requirements for hedge accounting. The net fair value loss on interest rate swaps during the twelve months to 31 March 2019 was
$6.9million (31 March 2018: $0.4 million). The Company fair values these contracts by comparing the contracted rate to the future market
rates for contracts with the same length of maturity. At 31 March 2019, after taking into account the effect of interest rate swaps,
approximately 65% (31 March 2018: 67%) of our borrowings are at a fixed rate of interest.

At the reporting date, we had the following mix of financial assets and liabilities exposed to Australian variable interest rate risk:

                                                                                                           31 MAR 2019                   31 MAR 2018
                                                                                                                  $000                          $000
 Financial assets:
 Cash assets                                                                                                       7,565                      11,218
 Financial liabilities:
 Bank loan                                                                                                     (127,700)                    (115,200)
 Interest rate swaps                                                                                             (6,884)                        (355)
 Net exposure                                                                                                  (127,019)                    (104,337)

The following sensitivity analysis is based on reasonably possible changes in interest rates applied to the interest rate risk exposures in
existence at the reporting date. Such a reasonably possible change is determined using historical interest rate movements for the preceding
two-year period.

                                                                                                                                EFFECTS ON OTHER
                                                                                                    EFFECTS ON PROFIT             COMPONENTS OF
                                                                                                          BEFORE TAX                     EQUITY (1)
 JUDGEMENTS OF REASONABLY POSSIBLE MOVEMENTS:                                                                   $000                        $000
 31 MAR 2019
 +1 (100 basis points)                                                                                            (1,277)                      8,225
 -1 (100 basis points)                                                                                             1,277                      (8,225)
31 MAR 2018
+1 (100 basis points)                                                                                             (1,152)                      9,400
-1 (100 basis points)                                                                                              1,152                      (9,400)
(1) Figures represent an increase/(decrease) in other components of equity.




57      Australian Agricultural Company Limited | ANNUAL REPORT 2019
A significant portion of our revenue is received in US dollars and the prices received are influenced by movements in exchange rates,
particularly that of the US dollar relative to the Australian dollar.

We have transactional currency exposures (refer note C2) arising from sales of meat in currencies other than in Australian dollars. Foreign
exchange risk arises from future commercial transactions and recognised assets and liabilities denominated in a currency that is not the
functional currency of the relevant group entity. The risk is measured through a forecast of highly probable US dollar sales. The risk is hedged
with the objective of minimising the volatility of the Australian currency revenue of highly probable forecast US dollar denominated sales.

In compliance with our Treasury Policy we have hedged our foreign exchange exposure arising from forecasted cash flows from sales, through
forward currency contracts or foreign exchange contracts. These foreign exchange contracts have been designated as effective hedges and
therefore satisfy the accounting standard requirements for hedge accounting. This resulted in a $1,435,000 movement in other
comprehensive income and a $77,000 movement in profit and loss in the twelve months to 31 March 2019 (31 March 2018: $102,000
movement in other comprehensive income and a $18,000 movement in profit and loss).

Our Treasury Policy is to hedge between 50% and 90% of forecast US dollar cash flows for sales up to one quarter in advance, and between
25% and 75% of forecast sales for the period three months to 12 months in advance. For the year ended 31 March 2019, approximately 60%
and 50% of highly probable forecast sales were hedged for the periods 0-3 months in advance and 3-12 months in advance, respectively.

At reporting date, we had the following mix of financial assets and liabilities exposed to foreign exchange risk.

                                                                                                          31 MAR 2019             31 MAR 2018
                                                                                                             USD $000                USD $000
 Financial assets
 Trade receivables                                                                                                     531                5,944
 Financial liabilities
 Derivatives                                                                                                        (1,435)                (102)
 Net exposure                                                                                                         (904)                5,842


At 31 March 2019, had the Australian Dollar moved and all other variables held constant, profit before tax and equity would have been
affected as illustrated in the table below. The sensitivity analysis is based on a reasonably possible movement using observations of historical
spot rates for the preceding two-year period.

                                                                                                   EFFECTS ON PROFIT
                                                                                                         BEFORE TAX           EFFECTS ON EQUITY
 JUDGEMENTS OF REASONABLY POSSIBLE MOVEMENTS:                                                                  $000                       $000
 31 MAR 2019
 AUD/USD +10%                                                                                                        243                  4,286
 AUD/USD -10%                                                                                                       (298)                (5,239)
 31 MAR 2018
 AUD/USD +10%                                                                                                        237                  1,097
 AUD/USD -10%                                                                                                       (290)                (1,341)




We have transactional commodity price risk primarily in the sale of cattle and beef. Other commodity price exposures include feed inputs for
our feedlot operations, and diesel. Purchases of commodities may be for a period of up to 12 months and partial hedging of these inputs may
be for periods of up to 24 months.

Our exposure to derivative commodity price risk is minimal. We do not currently apply hedge accounting to our beef commodity price
exposures as the derivatives do not meet the accounting standard requirements for hedge accounting. However, we have a policy whereby we
will forward sell a significant proportion of our feedlot cattle sales for a period of up to 6 months. These contracts are entered into and
continue to be held for the purpose of delivery of feedlot cattle arising from our expected sale requirements; they are classified as non-
derivative and are not required to be fair valued.

We enter into forward purchase contracts for grain commodities. This practice mitigates the price risk for the Company. As at 31 March 2019,
we had forward purchased approximately 51% (31 March 2018: 58%) of our expected grain usage for the coming 12 months. These contracts
are entered into and continue to be held for the purpose of grain purchase requirements; they are classified as non-derivative and are not
required to be fair valued. At the reporting date we had no commodity price exposures on forward sales and purchase contracts that are not
designated as cash flow hedges.




58      Australian Agricultural Company Limited | ANNUAL REPORT 2019
Credit risk arises from our financial assets, which comprise cash, trade and other receivables and derivative instruments. Our exposure to
credit risk arises from potential default of the counterparty, with a maximum exposure equal to the carrying amount of the financial assets (as
outlined in each applicable note). We do not hold any credit derivatives to offset our credit exposure.

We manage our credit risk by maintaining strong relationships with a limited number of quality customers. The risk is also mitigated by paying
an annual insurance premium in relation to certain sales overseas. In addition, receivable balances are monitored on an ongoing basis with
the result that our experience of bad debts has not been significant. We have no significant concentrations of credit risk. Credit risk and
expected credit loss relating to trade receivables is disclosed in note B4.




Liquidity risk arises from our financial liabilities and our subsequent ability to repay the financial liabilities as and when they fall due. Our
objective is to maintain a balance between continuity of funding and flexibility through the use of bank loans and finance leases.

We manage our liquidity risk by monitoring the total cash inflows and outflows expected on a monthly basis. We have established
comprehensive risk reporting covering our business units that reflect expectations of management of the expected settlement of financial
assets and liabilities.

The Company is exposed to counterparty credit risk from its operating activities (primarily from trade receivables) and from its financing
activities. As at 31 March 2019, the mark-to-market value of derivative asset positions is net of a credit valuation adjustment attributable to
derivative counterparty default risk. The changes in counterparty credit risk had no material effect on the hedge effectiveness assessment for
derivatives designated in hedge relationships and other financial instruments recognised at fair value.

The following liquidity risk disclosures reflect all contractually fixed repayments and interest resulting from recognised financial liabilities and
derivatives as of 31 March 2019. The timing of cash flows for liabilities is based on the contractual terms of the underlying contract. However,
where the counterparty has a choice of when the amount is paid, the liability is allocated to the earliest period in which we can be required to
pay. When we are committed to make amounts available in instalments, each instalment is allocated to the earliest period in which we are
required to pay.

The risk implied from the values shown in the table below, reflects a balanced view of cash inflows and outflows of financial instruments.
Leasing obligations, trade payables and other financial liabilities mainly originate from the financing of assets used in our ongoing operations
such as property, plant and equipment and investments in working capital (e.g. inventories and trade receivables). These assets are
considered in the Company’s overall liquidity risk.




59     Australian Agricultural Company Limited | ANNUAL REPORT 2019
                                           LESS THAN         6-12           1-2         2-5               CARRYING
                                           6 MONTHS       MONTHS         YEARS       YEARS       TOTAL     AMOUNT
                                                $000        $000          $000        $000        $000        $000
 31 MAR 2019
 Financial assets
 Cash                                          7,565             -            -           -      7,565       7,565
 Trade and other receivables                  18,661             -            -           -     18,661      18,661
 Derivatives                                        -            -            -           -           -           -
 Financial liabilities
 Trade and other payables                    (31,569)            -            -           -    (31,569)    (31,569)
 Borrowings                                   (7,641)      (7,397)    (129,681)   (269,252)   (413,971)   (366,072)
 Derivatives                                    (607)        (607)      (1,214)     (1,821)     (4,249)     (8,319)
 Net maturity                                (13,591)      (8,004)    (130,895)   (271,073)   (423,563)   (379,734)


 31 MAR 2018
 Financial assets
 Cash                                         11,218             -            -           -     11,218      11,218
 Trade and other receivables                  20,515             -            -           -     20,515      20,515
 Derivatives                                        -            -            -           -           -           -
 Financial liabilities
 Trade and other payables                    (27,525)            -            -           -    (27,525)    (27,525)
 Borrowings                                   (7,811)      (7,880)    (174,543)   (224,691)   (414,925)   (356,388)
 Derivatives                                    (628)        (526)      (1,053)     (2,632)     (4,839)       (457)
 Net maturity                                 (4,231)      (8,406)    (175,596)   (227,323)   (415,556)   (352,637)




60     Australian Agricultural Company Limited | ANNUAL REPORT 2019
                                                                                                    31 MAR 2019               31 MAR 2018
 ASSETS AND CAPITAL STRUCTURE                                                                              $000                      $000
 Future minimum lease payments under non-cancellable operating leases for land and
 buildings are as follows:
 Not later than one year                                                                                     1,559                    1,994
 Later than one year but not later than five years                                                           2,800                    3,075
 Later than five years                                                                                            -                      18
 Total leased land and buildings                                                                             4,359                    5,087


 Future minimum lease payments for motor vehicles under finance leases and hire
 purchase are as follows:
 Within one year                                                                                               536                    1,141
 After one year but not more than five years                                                                 1,581                    1,934
 Total minimum lease payments                                                                                2,117                    3,075


 Future minimum payments under equipment finance together with the present value
 of the net minimum lease payments are as follows:
 Within one year                                                                                             1,122                    1,884
 Later than one year but not later than five years                                                           1,201                    2,613
 Total equipment finance                                                                                     2,323                    4,497




We have entered into forward purchase contracts for $19.3 million worth of grain commodities as at 31 March 2019 (31 March 2018: $14.6
million) and forward purchase contracts for $15.8 million worth of cattle as at 31 March 2019 (31 March 2018: $21.5 million). The contracts
are expected to be settled within 12 months from balance date.

No capital expenditure has been contracted in respect of property, plant and equipment as at 31 March 2019 (31 March 2018: $0.5 million).




At 31 March 2019 there are a number of long standing native title claims over our pastoral holdings. Settlement negotiations between the
Government, claimants and pastoral interests are ongoing, and we do not expect any material impact on our operations to result from this.




61     Australian Agricultural Company Limited | ANNUAL REPORT 2019
                                                  INDUSTRIAL PROPERTY AND               PLANT AND     CAPITAL WORK IN
                                                              IMPROVEMENT               EQUIPMENT           PROGRESS                TOTAL
 31 MAR 2019                                                         $000                    $000               $000                 $000
 Opening balance                                                        31,443              22,602                 1,525           55,570
 Additions and transfers                                                   243               8,066                 (304)            8,005
 Disposals                                                                    -               (325)                     -            (325)
 Depreciation                                                            (408)              (5,963)                     -          (6,371)
 Impairment                                                                   -                   -                     -                -
 Closing balance                                                        31,278              24,380                 1,221           56,879
 Cost                                                                  77,893              151,443                 1,221          230,557
 Accumulated depreciation and impairment                              (46,615)            (127,063)                     -        (173,678)


                                                  INDUSTRIAL PROPERTY AND               PLANT AND     CAPITAL WORK IN
                                                              IMPROVEMENT               EQUIPMENT           PROGRESS                TOTAL
 31 MAR 2018                                                         $000                    $000               $000                 $000
 Opening balance                                                       77,516               40,562                6,435           124,513
 Additions and transfers                                               (7,220)              22,760               (2,878)           12,662
 Disposals                                                                   -                 (71)                    -              (71)
 Depreciation                                                          (1,795)             (10,237)                    -          (12,032)
 Impairment                                                           (37,058)             (30,412)              (2,032)          (69,502)
 Closing balance                                                        31,443              22,602                 1,525           55,570
 Cost                                                                  75,618              143,702                3,557           222,877
 Accumulated depreciation and impairment                              (44,175)            (121,100)              (2,032)         (167,307)




Livingstone Beef is considered to be a single Cash-generating Unit (CGU). During FY18, the CGU experienced adverse market conditions due to
high cattle procurement costs and a lower than average meat sales demand. As indicators of impairment existed, the Company tested the
CGU for impairment. The recoverable amount of the CGU was calculated to be $40.2 million, which was lower than the carrying value by $69.5
million. The carrying value prior to this assessment was $109.7 million, representing $104.8 million of property, plant and equipment and
$4.9 million of working capital. The Company therefore recognised an impairment loss of $69.5 million with respect to buildings,
improvements, plant and equipment, and decreased the carrying values of these assets in the CGU by this amount. There was an additional
$5.4 million impairment provision recorded for an onerous contract in relation to Livingstone Beef.

During H1FY19 operations were suspended at Livingstone Beef. At 30 September 2018, management recalculated the recoverable amount of
the CGU based on the updated conditions, using Level 3 fair value inputs per AASB 13 Fair Value Measurement. The calculated recoverable
amount was materially consistent with the current carrying value of the CGU and as such no adjustment was made to the carrying value of
Livingstone Beef at 30 September 2018. At 31 March 2019, consideration was given to internal and external factors impacting the CGU,
noting no indications of a material change to the carrying value of Livingstone Beef at year-end.

Regular upkeep and maintenance of the facility and its supporting assets continues, whilst the Board and management continue to review
various strategic options for Livingstone Beef.




62     Australian Agricultural Company Limited | ANNUAL REPORT 2019
                                                                       31 MAR 2019    31 MAR 2018
 THE MAJOR COMPONENTS OF TAX ARE:                                             $000           $000
 Income statement
 Current income tax
 Current income tax charge/(benefit)                                              -              -
 Deferred income tax
 Relating to origination and reversal of temporary differences             (61,419)       (43,166)
 Under/(over) provision in prior years                                         (41)           340
 Research and development claims from prior years                                 -              -
 Income tax benefit in the income statement                                (61,460)       (42,826)
 Statement of changes in equity
 Deferred income tax
 Net gain on cash flow hedges                                                1,928          1,508
 Net gain on revaluation of land and buildings                               9,404          7,894
 Income tax expense reported in equity                                      11,332          9,402
 Tax reconciliation
 Accounting loss before tax                                               (209,856)      (145,385)
 At the statutory income tax rate of 30%                                   (62,957)       (43,616)
 Research and development offsets                                                 -              -
 Other items (net)                                                           1,497            790
 Income tax (benefit)/expense in the income statement                      (61,460)       (42,826)
 Deferred income tax in the balance sheet relates to:
 Deferred tax liabilities
 Adjustments to land, buildings and improvements                           (71,137)       (61,052)
 Revaluations of trading stock for tax purposes                                   -       (30,307)
 Other                                                                      (6,948)        (3,044)
 Offsetting deferred tax asset                                              47,353          9,656
                                                                           (30,732)       (84,747)
 Deferred tax assets
 Accruals and other                                                            285            523
 Capitalised expenses accelerated for book purposes                             66            382
 Interest rate swaps                                                         2,065            137
 Revaluations of trading stock for tax purposes                              8,274               -
 Cash flow hedges                                                              276               -
 Leave entitlements and other provisions                                     2,027          2,190
 Franking deficit tax                                                        1,012          1,012
 Research and development offsets                                            4,716          4,716
 Carried forward losses                                                     27,520               -
 Deferred income                                                             1,019            629
 Individually insignificant balances                                            93             67
 Total deferred tax asset (offset against deferred tax liability)           47,353          9,656
 Deferred income tax in the income statement relates to:
 Revaluations of trading stock for tax purposes                            (68,458)       (23,357)
 Accruals and other                                                            238         (1,075)
 Capitalised expenses accelerated for book purposes                            316            769
 Impairment of property, plant and equipment                                      -       (20,935)
 Other                                                                       6,485          1,432
 Total deferred tax (benefit)/expense                                      (61,419)       (43,166)




63      Australian Agricultural Company Limited | ANNUAL REPORT 2019
                                                                                                        31 MAR 2019              31 MAR 2018
                                                                                                               $000                     $000
 Other income                                                                                                 1,749                    2,822
 Cropping income                                                                                                139                         -
 Total other income                                                                                             1,888                      2,822


 Interest expense                                                                                              15,456                  16,366
 Other finance costs                                                                                              317                   1,052
 Total finance costs                                                                                           15,773                  17,418


 Remuneration and on-costs                                                                                     42,616                  46,315
 Superannuation and post-employment benefits                                                                    3,398                   3,831
 Other employment benefits                                                                                      5,426                   3,398
 Share-based payments expense                                                                                     347                     536
 Total employee expenses                                                                                       51,787                  54,080


 Other earnings information:
 Minimum lease payments – operating leases                                                                      5,752                      4,725
 Commodity and foreign currency expense/(benefit)                                                                 960                        241




                                                                                                      FOREIGN           EMPLOYEE
                                                           ASSET           CAPITAL      CASH FLOW   CURRENCY               EQUITY
                                                     REVALUATION          PROFITS           HEDGE TRANSLATION            BENEFITS
                                                         RESERVE          RESERVE         RESERVE     RESERVE            RESERVE           TOTAL
                                                            $000             $000            $000        $000               $000            $000
 At 1 April 2017                                          309,894           84,762           (3,704)                -       5,654     396,606
 Revaluation of land and buildings                          26,315                 -                -               -             -    26,315
 Tax effect on revaluation of land and buildings            (7,894)                -                -               -             -    (7,894)
 Net movement in cash flow hedges, net of tax                      -               -          2,155                 -             -        2,155
 Share based payment                                               -               -                -               -         536           536
 At 31 March 2018                                         328,315           84,762           (1,549)                -       6,190     417,718


 At 1 April 2018                                          328,315           84,762           (1,549)                -       6,190     417,718
 Revaluation of land and buildings                          31,346                 -                -               -             -    31,346
 Tax effect on revaluation of land and buildings            (9,404)                -                -               -             -    (9,404)
 Net movement in cash flow hedges, net of tax                      -               -         (4,628)                -             -    (4,628)
 Revaluation of foreign currency operations                        -               -                -           (10)              -         (10)
 Share based payment                                               -               -                -               -         347           347
 At 31 March 2019                                         350,257           84,762           (6,177)            (10)        6,537     435,369

The asset revaluation reserve is used to record increments and decrements in the fair value of property and improvements to the extent that
they offset one another. The reserve can only be used to pay dividends in limited circumstances.

The capital profits reserve is used to accumulate realised capital profits. The reserve can be used to pay dividends.

The cash flow hedge reserve is used to record the portion of movements in fair value of a hedging instrument in a cash flow hedge that is
recognised in other comprehensive income.

The foreign currency translation reserve is used to accumulate the net impact of translating our US denominated foreign currency balances
and transactions into our functional currency, Australian dollars.

The employee equity benefits reserve is used to record the value of equity benefits provided to employees and Directors as part of their
remuneration. Refer to note F7 for further details of these plans.


64     Australian Agricultural Company Limited | ANNUAL REPORT 2019
                                                                                                       31 MAR 2019                31 MAR 2018
                                                                                                              $000                       $000
 Equity accounted investments in associate – Pyxle (Private) Limited                                         2,072                      1,230
 Other equity accounted investments in individually not material associates                                     1,175                     1,539
 Other investments                                                                                                366                       128
                                                                                                                3,613                     2,897


The Company has a 31.82% interest in Pyxle (Private) Limited (2018: 31.82%). This entity is considered to be an associate due to the
Company having significant but not controlling influence over the entity. Pyxle (Private) Limited is an IT support services company, which during
the year provided special project and operational IT support services to AACo.

The Company has interests in a number of other individually not material associates. All associates are accounted for using the equity method
in accordance with AASB 128 Investments in Associates and Joint Ventures.

During the year, one entity ceased to be an associate and at 31 March 2019 been recorded as a non-associated investment, held at fair value
in accordance with AASB 9 Financial Instruments.




                                                                                                       31 MAR 2019                31 MAR 2018
 COMPENSATION FOR KEY MANAGEMENT PERSONNEL                                                                    $000                       $000
 Short-term employee benefits                                                                                4,070                      3,007
 Post-employment benefits                                                                                      201                        209
 Share-based payment                                                                                           340                        290
 Termination benefits                                                                                             -                       271
 Long-term benefits                                                                                               -                        16
 Total compensation                                                                                             4,611                     3,793




During the year, the Company transacted with associates and other related parties. Associates are entities considered to be related parties,
due to the Company having significant but not controlling influence over the entity.


                                                                                                       31 MAR 2019                31 MAR 2018
 Transactions with associates for the year ended 31 March                                                     $000                       $000
 Purchase of goods or services from associates – Pyxle (Private) Limited                                    (4,818)                    (2,279)
 Other transactions with individually not material associates                                                 (1,436)                       199
                                                                                                              (6,254)                    (2,080)


                                                                                                       31 MAR 2019                31 MAR 2018
 Transactions with individually not material associates for the year ended 31 March                           $000                       $000
 Sales of goods or services to associates                                                                      470                      1,317
 Purchase of goods or services from other associates                                                            (862)                      (582)
 Interest paid on convertible notes                                                                                  -                     (536)
 Dividends received from associates                                                                               135                           -
 Other transactions with associates                                                                           (1,179)                           -
                                                                                                              (1,436)                       199


                                                                                                       31 MAR 2019                31 MAR 2018
 Transactions with other related parties                                                                      $000                       $000
 Purchase of goods or services from other individually not material related parties                           (804)                      (213)




65     Australian Agricultural Company Limited | ANNUAL REPORT 2019
The share-based payment plans are described below. During 2019, expenses arising from equity settled share-based payment transactions
were $347,000 (31 March 2018: $536,000).




The Company has one Executive Option Plan (EOP) for the granting of non-transferable options to the Managing Director/ Chief Executive
Officer, senior executives and middle management with more than twelve months’ service at the grant date. There will be no further grants
under this Plan, including none for 2018 and 2019.




The Company’s Performance Rights Plan has been in place since 2011 and has taken the place of the option plan for future incentive awards
comprising performance rights. There will be no further grants of options under the option plan in the future. The performance rights will
remain until such time as they are either exercised or the rights lapse. The performance rights have a nil exercise price. Vesting of the
performance rights is dependent on the satisfaction of a service vesting condition and/or a performance condition. Any performance rights
which fail to meet the service condition on the vesting date will lapse immediately. Performance rights issued are subject to: external
performance conditions (TSR outperformance of S&P/ASX Small Ordinaries Accumulated Index; ASX Code: AXSOA); internal performance
conditions (EPS performance based on compound % growth rates over 3 financial years following issue of the performance rights); and
termination/change of control provisions. Once the performance rights have vested, they are automatically exercised and shares in AACo
issued to either the AACo Employee Share Scheme Trust (EST) or acquired on-market by the EST Trustee on behalf of the participant.


Long-term incentives
Following an extensive review of its remuneration practises for employees and executives, the Board approved the Company’s adoption of a
Long Term Incentive (LTI) Plan on 9 May 2017 (LTI plan implementation date). The LTI Plan better aligns remuneration of the Company’s
senior executives with the long-term strategic goals of the Company.

The introduction of an LTI Plan is consistent with the Company’s objectives for remuneration, which include providing competitive total rewards
to attract and retain high calibre senior executives, having a meaningful portion of remuneration “at risk” and, above all, creating value for
shareholders.

It is anticipated that performance rights under the LTI Plan will be granted in a number of rounds. The number of performance rights (if any)
granted to eligible persons in each grant round and the performance conditions applying to the vesting of those performance rights will be
determined at the discretion of the Board.




66     Australian Agricultural Company Limited | ANNUAL REPORT 2019
It is currently contemplated by the Board that there will be four grant rounds in total. The following summary reflects the key features of the
first grant round and what is currently contemplated by the Board with respect to subsequent grant rounds:

 FEATURE                                   DESCRIPTION
 Timing of grant                           Grants of performance rights in a grant round will not be made unless and until the specific
                                           ‘commencing’ market capitalisation of the Company for that grant round is achieved.
                                           The commencing market capitalisation of the Company for the first grant round was the market
                                           capitalisation of the Company on the LTI Plan Implementation Date.
 Performance condition                     The performance condition which applies to the vesting of performance rights in a grant round is
                                           the achievement of the specific ‘target’ market capitalisation of the Company during the
                                           performance period for that grant round.
                                           The performance condition for the first grant round was satisfied on 5 June 2017.
 Performance period                        The performance period for each grant round is calculated by reference to the target market
                                           capitalisation of the Company for that grant round and an assumed annualised growth rate of 20%.
 Determination of market capitalisation of For the purposes of calculating the market capitalisation of the Company in order to determine if
 the Company for the purposes of the LTI the commencing market capitalisation of the Company or the target market capitalisation of the
 Plan                                      Company for each grant round has been achieved, the twenty day volume weighted average price
                                           (VWAP) of ordinary shares in the capital of the Company will be used.
 Vesting period                            In respect of each grant round, there is a four-year staggered vesting period for performance rights
                                           in that grant round which commences on satisfaction of the performance condition for that grant
                                           round.
 Number of available performance rights    In each grant round, eligible persons may be offered a percentage of the “Total Available
                                           Performance Rights” for that grant round (rounded down to the nearest whole number).
                                           In respect of each grant round, the number of “Baseline Shares” will be the number of ordinary
                                           shares in the Company acquired on market by the AACo Employee Share Trust in respect of that
                                           grant round having an aggregate share acquisition price of $5 million.
                                           In respect of each grant round, the number of “Total Available Performance Rights” will be
                                                 (a) the number of Baseline Shares for that grant round; plus
                                                 (b) the number of any Total Available Performance Rights for previous grant rounds which,
                                                      at the time of completion of acquisition of all of the Baseline Shares for that grant round
                                                      and all previous grant rounds, are not notionally allocated to a previous grant round
 Lapsing conditions                        Holders of performance rights will be entitled to exercise those performance rights if they have
                                           vested and have not otherwise lapsed.
                                           The circumstances in which performance rights may lapse include non-satisfaction of performance
                                           conditions or ceasing employment with the Company group. If the holder of performance rights
                                           ceases to be an employee as a result of an “Uncontrollable Event” (e.g. death, permanent
                                           disablement, retirement, retrenchment, or such other circumstances which the Board determines is
                                           an Uncontrollable Event), any unvested performance rights held by that person are expected to
                                           continue to be subject to the requirements for vesting and exercise applying to those performance
                                           rights, unless the Board determines that the vesting conditions applying to some or all of those
                                           performance rights will be waived or that some or all of those performance rights will lapse.
 Change of control event                   If a change of control event for the Company occurs, the treatment of any unvested performance
                                           rights will be within the discretion of the Board to determine
 On market acquisition of shares           The requirement to deliver shares in the Company upon the vesting and exercise of performance
                                           rights under the LTI Plan must be satisfied by way of on market acquisition of shares in the
                                           Company.




67     Australian Agricultural Company Limited | ANNUAL REPORT 2019
The applicable commencing market capitalisation of the Company, performance condition and performance period for each contemplated
grant round are as set out in the following table:

                                                               PERFORMANCE CONDITION
                            COMMENCING MARKET                  (TARGETED MARKET                       PERFORMANCE PERIOD (CALCULATED
                            CAPITALISATION OF THE              CAPITALISATION OF THE                  USING AN ASSUMED ANNUALISED
                            COMPANY                            COMPANY)                               GROWTH RATE OF 20%)
 FIRST GRANT ROUND          The market capitalisation of the   $1 billion                             Within 2 quarters of the LTI Plan
                            Company on the LTI Plan                                                   Implementation Date (i.e. performance
                            Implementation Date                                                       period ends 30 September 2017)
 SECOND GRANT ROUND         $1 billion                         $1.5 billion                           Within 9 quarters of the LTI Plan
                                                                                                      Implementation Date (i.e. performance
                                                                                                      period ends 30 June 2019)
 THIRD GRANT ROUND          $1.5 billion                       $2 billion                             Within 16 quarters of the LTI Plan
                                                                                                      Implementation Date (i.e. performance
                                                                                                      period ends 31 March 2021)
 FOURTH GRANT ROUND         $2 billion                         $2.5 billion                           Within 22 quarters of the LTI Plan
                                                                                                      Implementation Date (i.e. performance
                                                                                                      period ends 30 September 2022)

The total number of shares purchased for the LTI Plan grant rounds one and two was 6,764,848 at an average price per share of $1.478.

The performance condition for the first grant round of targeted market capitalisation of $1 billion was achieved on 5 June 2017. The rights
associated to the first grant round have been granted to the relevant senior executives at a fair value per right of $1.07. The second grant
round was granted to relevant senior executives on 11 January 2019 and are subject to a performance condition of target market
capitalisation of $1.5 billion by 30 June 2019. The fair value per right of $0.055 was based on the Company’s share price on grant date and
the expectation the market condition would be reached.




The table below shows the number (No.) and weighted average exercise prices (WAEP) of options and performance rights outstanding. There
have been no cancellations or modifications to any of the plans during the twelve months to 31 March 2019.
                                                                                   EOP                        EOP                        PRP
 31 MAR 2019                                                                        NO.                     WAEP $                        NO.
 Outstanding at the beginning of the period                                    300,000                        3.22                 1,198,727
 Granted during the period                                                             -                          -                4,913,876
 Granted during the period LTIP adjust prior year                                      -                          -                (126,345)
 Forfeited during the period                                                  (300,000)                       3.22                 (103,522)
 Exercised during the period                                                           -                          -                         -
 Outstanding at the end of the period                                                  -                      3.22                 5,882,736
 Exercisable at the end of the period                                                  -                                                    -
 Weighted average remaining contractual life (days)                                    -                                               1,147
 Weighted average fair value at grant date                                             -                                               1.095
 Range of exercise prices ($)                                                      3.22                                                     -

                                                                                    EOP                       EOP                        PRP
 31 MAR 2018                                                                         NO.                    WAEP $                        NO.
Outstanding at the beginning of the period                                     590,625                        2.64                    87,037
Granted during the period                                                              -                          -                  102,271
Granted during the period LTIP estimate(1)                                             -                          -                2,023,248
Forfeited during the period                                                   (290,625)                       2.04                 (926,792)
Exercised during the period                                                            -                          -                  (87,037)
Outstanding at the end of the period                                           300,000                        3.22                 1,198,727
Exercisable at the end of the period                                           300,000                                                       -
Weighted average remaining contractual life (days)                                  282                                                  848
Weighted average fair value at grant date                                              -                                                  1.2
Range of exercise prices ($)                                                       3.22                                                      -
(1) Expected number of rights to be granted under the LTIP, calculated based on our best estimates.




68     Australian Agricultural Company Limited | ANNUAL REPORT 2019
The consolidated financial statements include the following controlled entities:
                                                                      COUNTRY OF                         31 MAR 2019             31 MAR 2018
 NAME OF ENTITY                                   NOTES               INCORPORATION                 % OF SHARES HELD        % OF SHARES HELD
 Parent Entity
 Australian Agricultural Company Limited          (a)
 Controlled Entities
 A. A. Company Pty Ltd                            (a)                 Australia                                      100                    100
 Austcattle Holdings Pty Ltd                      (a)                 Australia                                      100                    100
 A. A. & P. Joint Holdings Pty Ltd                (a)                 Australia                                      100                    100
 Shillong Pty Ltd                                 (a)                 Australia                                      100                    100
 James McLeish Estates Pty Limited                (a)                 Australia                                      100                    100
 Wondoola Pty Ltd                                 (a)                 Australia                                      100                    100
 Waxahachie Pty Ltd                               (a)                 Australia                                      100                    100
 Naroo Pastoral Company Pty Limited               (a)                 Australia                                      100                    100
 AACo Nominees Pty Limited                        (a)                 Australia                                      100                    100
 Chefs Partner Pty Ltd                            (a)                 Australia                                      100                    100
 Polkinghornes Stores Pty Limited                                     Australia                                      100                    100
 Northern Australian Beef Limited                 (a)                 Australia                                      100                    100
 AACo Innovation Pty Ltd                                              Australia                                      100                    100
 AACo Innovation (US) Pty Ltd                                         Australia                                      100                    100
 AACo Innovation (US) LLC                                             United States of America                       100                    100
AACo Operations (US) LLC                                               United States of America                      100                        -
(a)These companies have entered into a deed of cross guarantee dated 22 November 2006 (amended 1 April 2015) with Australian
   Agricultural Company Limited which provides that all parties to the deed will guarantee to each creditor payment in full of any debt of each
   company participating in the deed on winding-up of that company. As a result of a Class Order issued by the Australian Securities and
   Investments Commission, these companies are relieved from the requirement to prepare financial statements. The Consolidated Income
   Statement and consolidated Statement of Financial Position of all entities included in the class order “closed Group” are set out in (b).
(b)Financial information for class order Closed Group:

                                                                                                              31 MAR 2019         31 MAR 2018
                                                                                                                     $000                $000
 Current Assets
 Cash                                                                                                                 7,565              11,218
 Trade and other receivables                                                                                         18,661              20,515
 Inventories and consumables                                                                                         33,684              35,068
 Livestock                                                                                                         171,006             259,104
 Other assets                                                                                                         1,099                 696
 Total Current Assets                                                                                              232,015             326,601


 Non-Current Assets
 Livestock                                                                                                         252,331             369,182
 Property, plant and equipment                                                                                     795,341             753,777
 Intangible assets                                                                                                    2,534               2,840
 Investments                                                                                                          3,613               2,897
 Intercompany receivable                                                                                              3,342               3,342
 Other receivables                                                                                                      742                     -
 Total Non-Current Assets                                                                                        1,057,903           1,132,038
 Total Assets                                                                                                    1,289,918           1,458,639




69      Australian Agricultural Company Limited | ANNUAL REPORT 2019
                                                                       31 MAR 2019    31 MAR 2018
                                                                              $000           $000
 Current Liabilities
 Trade and other payables                                                   29,818         27,525
 Provisions                                                                  3,397          3,445
 Borrowings                                                                  1,658          3,025
 Derivatives                                                                 8,319            457
 Total Current Liabilities                                                  43,192         34,452


 Non-Current Liabilities
 Provisions                                                                  4,578          5,215
 Borrowings                                                                364,414        353,363
 Deferred tax liabilities                                                   30,732         84,747
 Total Non-Current Liabilities                                             399,724        443,325
 Total Liabilities                                                         442,916        477,777
 Net Assets                                                                847,002        980,862


 Equity:
 Contributed equity                                                        528,822        531,937
 Reserves                                                                  435,369        417,718
 Retained earnings/(losses)                                               (117,189)        31,207
 Total Equity                                                              847,002        980,862


                                                                       31 MAR 2019    31 MAR 2018
                                                                              $000           $000
 INCOME STATEMENT OF THE CLOSED GROUP                                                    Restated*


 Meat sales                                                                246,244        332,658
 Cattle sales                                                              117,837         47,021
                                                                           364,081        379,679
 Cattle fair value adjustments                                              58,389        162,971
                                                                           422,470        542,650


 Cost of meat sold                                                        (226,549)      (304,054)
 Deemed cost of cattle sold                                               (108,858)       (45,589)
 Cattle and feedlot expenses                                              (142,082)      (102,788)
 Gross operating margin                                                    (55,019)        90,219
 Other income                                                                1,888          2,822


 Employee expenses                                                         (51,787)       (54,080)
 Administration and selling costs                                          (41,200)       (41,413)
 Other operating costs                                                     (29,631)       (27,059)
 Property costs                                                             (6,960)        (5,814)
 Gain/(loss) on equity investments                                             620           (303)
 Depreciation and amortisation                                             (11,994)       (17,394)
 Impairment                                                                       -       (69,502)
 Onerous contract (impairment related to Livingstone)                             -        (5,443)
 Loss before finance costs and income tax expense                         (194,083)      (127,967)
 Net finance costs                                                         (15,773)       (17,418)
 Loss before income tax                                                   (209,856)      (145,385)
 Income tax benefit                                                         61,460         42,826
 Net loss after tax                                                       (148,396)      (102,559)




70      Australian Agricultural Company Limited | ANNUAL REPORT 2019
                                                                                                           31 MAR 2019         31 MAR 2018
                                                                                                                  $000                $000
                                                                                                                                  Restated*
 Current assets                                                                                                     8,566             1,543
 Non-Current assets                                                                                               738,927          779,988
 Total Assets                                                                                                     747,493          781,531
 Current liabilities                                                                                               10,198              915
 Non-Current liabilities                                                                                          361,632          348,817
 Total Liabilities                                                                                                371,830          349,732
 Net Assets                                                                                                       375,663          431,799
 Contributed equity                                                                                               538,822          538,822
 Reserves                                                                                                          23,066           29,324
 Accumulated losses                                                                                              (186,225)        (136,347)
 Total Equity                                                                                                     375,663          431,799
 Profit/(Loss) of the parent entity                                                                               (49,878)         (60,467)
 Total comprehensive profit/(loss) of the parent entity                                                           (52,877)         (57,403)
* Refer to note G3 (c) regarding restated comparative figures.

Australian Agricultural Company Limited and the wholly owned entities listed in note F8 are parties to a deed of cross guarantee as described
in F8. The nature of the deed of cross guarantee is such that each Company which is party to the deed guarantees, to each creditor, payment
in full of any debt in accordance with the deed of cross guarantee. No deficiency of net assets existed for the Company as at 31 March 2019.
No liability was recognised by Australian Agricultural Company Limited in relation to these guarantees, as the fair value of the guarantees is
immaterial.

The accounting policies of the parent entity, which have been applied in determining the financial information shown above, are the same as
those applied in the consolidated financial statements except for investments in subsidiaries are accounted for at cost in the financial
statements of Australian Agricultural Company Limited.




                                                                                                             31 MAR 2019          31 MAR 2018
                                                                                                                       $                    $
 Remuneration received, or due and receivable, by KPMG for:
 An audit or review of the financial report of the entity and any other entity in the consolidated Group            410,000           415,300
 Other non-audit services                                                                                             23,150           15,840
 Total                                                                                                              433,150           431,140




There have been no significant events after the balance date which require disclosure in the financial report.




71       Australian Agricultural Company Limited | ANNUAL REPORT 2019
Australian Agricultural Company Limited is a company limited by shares, incorporated and domiciled in Australia. The Company’s shares are
publicly traded on the Australian Securities Exchange (ASX).

The consolidated financial statements of Australian Agricultural Company Limited (AACo, the Company or parent Company) for the year ended
31 March 2019 were authorised for issue in accordance with a resolution of the Directors on 22 May 2019.

We recommend the financial statements be considered together with any public announcements made by the Company during the year ended
31 March 2019 in accordance with the Company’s continuous disclosure obligations arising under the Corporations Act 2001 and ASX listing
rules.

The nature of the operations and principal activities of Australian Agricultural Company Limited are described in the Directors’ Report.




The financial statements are general purpose financial statements, prepared by a for-profit entity, in accordance with the requirements of the
Corporations Act 2001, Australian Accounting Standards and other authoritative pronouncements of the Australian Accounting Standards
Board.



In these financial statements, any references to we, us, our, AACo, the Company and consolidated, all refer to Australian Agricultural Company
Limited and the entities it controlled at the financial year end or from time to time during the financial year. Any references to subsidiaries or
controlled entities in these financial statements refer to those entities that are controlled and consolidated by Australian Agricultural Company
Limited.



The financial statements have been prepared on a historical cost basis, except for land and buildings (with the exception of industrial land),
livestock and derivative financial instruments, which have been measured at fair value. Under the historical cost basis, assets are recorded at
the amount of cash or cash equivalents paid or the fair value of the consideration given to acquire them at the time of their acquisition.
Liabilities are recorded at the amount of proceeds received in exchange for the obligation, or in some circumstances, at the amounts of cash
expected to be paid to satisfy the liability in the normal course of business.



The financial statements also comply with International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) as issued by the International Accounting
Standards Board (IASB).



The preparation of financial statements requires the use of certain critical accounting estimates. It also requires management to exercise its
judgement in the process of applying the Company’s accounting policies. The areas involving a higher degree of judgement or complexity, or
areas where assumptions and estimates are significant to the financial statements are disclosed in the relevant notes.




This has been completed under the option available to the Company under ASIC Corporations (Rounding in Financial/Directors’ Reports)
Instrument 2016/191. The Company is an entity to which this legislative instrument applies.




72     Australian Agricultural Company Limited | ANNUAL REPORT 2019
The principal accounting policies adopted in the preparation of these consolidated financial statements are set out below. These policies have
been consistently applied to all the years presented, unless otherwise stated.




(i)   New and amended standards adopted
A number of new or amended standards became applicable for the current reporting period and the group had to change its accounting
policies as a result of adopting the following standards:

>     AASB 9       Financial Instruments

>     AASB 15      Revenue from Contracts with Customers

The impact of adoption of AASB 9 Financial Instruments has not had a material impact on the recognition of financial assets or liabilities and
therefore no transitional adjustment has been recognised in retained earnings upon adoption. In accordance with the transitional
requirements, the Company has elected not to restate comparatives.

The Company has adopted AASB 15 Revenue from Contracts with Customers from 1 April 2018 which resulted in a changes in accounting
policies. This change in policy is relatively consistent with previous policy and has therefore not had a material impact. The Company has
applied the modified retrospective application approach in which only the initial period of application applies AASB. No adjustments were
made as a result of adopting AASB 15.


(ii) Accounting Standards and Interpretations issued but not yet applied
>     AASB 16      Leases

      The Company is required to adopt AASB 16 Leases from 1 April 2019. The Company has assessed the estimated impact that initial
      application of AASB 16 will have on its consolidated financial statements, as described below. The actual impacts of adopting the
      standard on 1 April 2019 may change because the new accounting policies are subject to change until the Company presents its first
      financial statements that include the date of initial application.

      AASB 16 introduces a single, on-balance sheet lease accounting model for lessees. A lessee recognises a right-of-use asset representing
      its right to use the underlying asset and a lease liability representing its obligation to make lease payments. There are recognition
      exemptions for short-term leases and leases of low-value items. Lessor accounting remains similar to the current standard – i.e. lessors
      continue to classify leases as finance or operating leases.

      AASB 16 replaces existing leases guidance, including AASB 117 Leases, AASB Interpretation 4 Determining whether an Arrangement
      contains a Lease, AASB Interpretation-115 Operating Leases-Incentives and AASB Interpretation 127 Evaluating the Substance of
      Transactions Involving the Legal Form of a Lease.

      Leases in which the Company is a lessee

      The Company will recognise new assets and liabilities for its operating leases of land, buildings and equipment. The nature of expenses
      related to those leases will now change because the Company will recognise a depreciation charge for right-of-use assets and interest
      expense on lease liabilities.

      Previously, the Company recognised operating lease expense on a straight-line basis over the term of the lease, and recognised assets
      and liabilities only to the extent that there was a timing difference between actual lease payments and the expense recognised.

      No significant impact is expected for the Company’s finance leases.

      Based on the information currently available, the Company estimates that it will recognise additional right of use assets and
      corresponding lease liabilities of $12.0m as at 1 April 2019. It is also estimated the application of this standard will improve Operating
      Profit and Statutory EBITDA by $3.8m and also improve Operating Cash Flows by $3.5m, due to the change in classification of where the
      expenses and cash flows are recorded under AASB 16.




73     Australian Agricultural Company Limited | ANNUAL REPORT 2019
The consolidated financial statements comprise the financial statements of Australian Agricultural Company Limited, and its subsidiaries (as
outlined in note F8) as at 31 March each year or from time to time during the year. All intra-group balances and transactions, income and
expenses and profit and losses resulting from intra-group transactions have been eliminated in full.

Subsidiaries are all those entities which we control as a result of us being exposed, or have rights, to variable returns from our involvement
with the subsidiary and we have the ability to affect those returns through our power over the subsidiary. Such control generally accompanies
a shareholding of more than one-half of the subsidiaries voting rights. We currently hold 100% of the voting rights of all our subsidiaries. We
consolidate subsidiaries from the date on which control commences and up until the date on which there is a loss of control.

We account for the acquisition of our subsidiaries using the acquisition method of accounting. The acquisition method of accounting involves
recognising at acquisition date, separately from goodwill, the identifiable assets acquired, the liabilities assumed and any non-controlling
interest in the acquiree. The identifiable assets acquired and the liabilities assumed are measured at their acquisition date fair values. Any
excess of the fair value of consideration over our interest in the fair value of the acquiree’s identifiable assets, liabilities and contingent
liabilities is recognised as goodwill.



The consolidated financial statements include restatements to previously disclosed amounts, where indicated, which represent
reclassifications to more accurately align reported amounts with business activities. Previously disclosed amounts for administration and
selling costs have been restated to account for meat sales freight previously included in cost of meat sold. Additionally, to provide greater
transparency on operating performance, Operating Profit replaces the previously reported Operating EBITDA metric. Operating Profit values
inventory movement at a cost of production rather than at various standard costs. The parent entity note disclosures have also been restated,
to account for balances more appropriately as they relate to the parent. Additionally, the Cost of production has changed to remove the
offsetting impact of attrition from the number of kilograms produced



The preparation of the financial statements requires us to make judgements, estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts in
the financial statements. We continually evaluate our judgements and estimates in relation to assets, liabilities, contingent liabilities, revenue
and expenses. We base our judgements and estimates on historical experience and on other various factors we believe are reasonable under
the circumstances, the result of which form the basis of the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other
sources.

We have identified the following accounting policies for which significant judgements, estimates and assumptions have been made:

>     Fair value determination of pastoral property and improvements, refer to note A4

>     Fair value determination of livestock, refer to note A3

>     Impairment of non-financial and financial assets, refer to note F1

Actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions and conditions and may materially affect financial results or the
financial position reported in future periods. Further details of the nature of these assumptions and conditions may be found in the relevant
notes to the financial statements.




(i)   Functional and presentation currency
The consolidated financial statements are presented in Australian dollars, which is the functional and presentation currency of Australian
Agricultural Company Limited and all its subsidiaries.


(ii) Transactions and balances
Transactions in foreign currencies are converted into Australian dollars by applying the exchange rates applicable at the date of the
transactions. Amounts payable and receivable in foreign currencies are converted into Australian dollars at the exchange rate ruling at the
reporting date.

All differences arising on settlement or translation of amounts payable and receivable in foreign currencies are taken to the statement of profit
and loss.




74     Australian Agricultural Company Limited | ANNUAL REPORT 2019
Cash in the Statement of Financial Position comprise cash at bank and in hand which are subject to an insignificant risk of changes in value.
For the purposes of the Statement of Cash Flows, cash is as defined above, net of outstanding bank overdrafts. Bank overdrafts are included
within interest-bearing loans and borrowings in current liabilities on the Statement of Financial Position.



Trade and other receivables are considered financial assets. They are recognised initially at the fair value of the amounts to be received and
are subsequently measured at amortised cost using the effective interest method, less an allowance for doubtful debts. These financial assets
are derecognised when the rights to receive cash flows from the financial assets have expired or have been transferred and we have
transferred substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership.

We review the collectability of trade receivables on an ongoing basis at the Company level. Individual debts that are known to be uncollectible
are written off when identified. An allowance for doubtful debts is recognised to reduce the carrying amount of trade receivables when there is
objective evidence that we will not be able to collect the receivable. Financial difficulties of the debtor, default payments or debts significantly
overdue are considered indicators that the trade receivable may not be recoverable. The amount of the allowance for doubtful debts is the
receivable carrying amount compared to the present value of estimated future cash flows, discounted at the original effective interest rate.
Cash flows relating to short-term receivables are not discounted if the effect of discounting is immaterial.

The allowance for doubtful debts is recognised in the income statement within administration costs. When a trade receivable for which an
allowance for doubtful debts had been recognised becomes uncollectible in a subsequent period, it is written off against the allowance
account. Subsequent recoveries of amounts previously written off are credited against administration costs.



Inventories and consumables held for use in our operations are valued at the lower of cost and net realisable value. Cost is determined on the
average cost basis and comprises the cost of purchase including transport cost.

Net realisable value is the estimated selling price in the ordinary course of business, less estimated costs of completion and the estimated
costs necessary to make the sale. The quality of inventories is taken into account in the assessment of net realisable value.



We use derivative financial instruments, such as forward currency contracts, interest rate swaps and forward commodity contracts, to hedge
our foreign currency risks, interest rate risks and commodity price risks, respectively. Such derivative financial instruments are initially
recognised at fair value on the date on which a derivative contract is entered into and are subsequently remeasured at fair value. Derivatives
are carried as financial assets when the fair value is positive and as financial liabilities when the fair value is negative.

Any gains or losses arising from changes in the fair value of derivatives are taken directly to the income statement, except for the effective
portion of cash flow hedges, which is recognised in other comprehensive income.

For the purpose of hedge accounting, hedges are classified as:

(a)   Fair value hedges when hedging the exposure to changes in the fair value of a recognised asset or liability or an unrecognised firm
      commitment.

(b)   Cash flow hedges when hedging the exposure to variability in cash flows that is either attributable to a particular risk associated with a
      recognised asset or liability or a highly probable forecast transaction or the foreign currency risk in an unrecognised firm commitment.

At the inception of a hedge relationship, we formally designate and document the hedge relationship to which we wish to apply hedge
accounting and the risk management objective and strategy for undertaking the hedge. The documentation includes identification of the
hedging instrument, the hedged item or transaction, the nature of the risk being hedged and how we will assess the effectiveness of changes
in the hedging instrument’s fair value in offsetting the exposure to changes in the hedged item’s fair value or cash flows attributable to the
hedged risk. Such hedges are expected to be highly effective in achieving offsetting changes in fair value or cash flows and are assessed on
an ongoing basis to determine that they actually have been highly effective throughout the financial reporting periods for which they were
designated. Hedges that meet the strict criteria for hedge accounting are accounted for as described below:




75     Australian Agricultural Company Limited | ANNUAL REPORT 2019
Cash flow hedges
Policy that was in effect until 31 March 2018

The effective portion of the gain or loss on the hedging instrument is recognised directly in other comprehensive income in the cash flow
hedge reserve, while any ineffective portion is recognised immediately in the income statement in other operating expenses.

We utilise interest rate swaps to hedge our exposure to cash flow movements in loan movements. See note C2 for more details.

We use forward currency contracts as hedges of our exposure to foreign currency risk in forecasted transactions and firm commitments. The
ineffective portion relating to foreign currency contracts is recognised in finance costs and the ineffective portion relating to commodity
contracts is recognised in other operating income. Refer to note C2 for more details.

Amounts recognised as other comprehensive income are transferred to the income statement when the hedged transaction affects profit or
loss, such as when the hedged financial income or financial expense is recognised or when a forecast sale occurs. When the hedged item is
the cost of a non-financial asset or non-financial liability, the amounts recognised as other comprehensive income are transferred to the initial
carrying amount of the non-financial asset or liability.

If the forecast transaction or firm commitment is no longer expected to occur, the cumulative gain or loss previously recognised in equity is
transferred to the income statement. If the hedging instrument expires or is sold, terminated or exercised without replacement or rollover, or if
its designation as a hedge is revoked, any cumulative gain or loss previously recognised in other comprehensive income remains in other
comprehensive income until the forecast transaction or firm commitment affects profit or loss.

Policy that was in effect from 1 April 2018

Beginning 1 April 2018, the Company adopted AASB 9 Financial Instruments which addresses classification, measurement, and derecognition
of financial assets and financial liabilities, sets out new rules for hedge accounting, and introduces a new expected-loss impairment model.

All derivatives are recognised in the balance sheet at fair value and are classified as FVTPL except where they are designated as part of an
effective hedge relationship and classified as hedging derivatives. The carrying value of a derivative is remeasured at fair value throughout the
life of the contract. Derivatives are carried as assets when the fair value is positive and as liabilities when the fair value is negative.

The method of recognising the resulting fair value gain or loss on a derivative depends on whether the derivative is designated as a hedging
instrument and, if so, the nature of the item being hedged.

The Company designates its derivatives as hedges of highly probable future cash flows attributable to a recognised foreign currency asset or
liability or a highly probably foreign currency forecast transaction (cash flow hedges).

The Company documents at the inception of the transaction the relationship between hedging instruments and hedged items, the risk being
hedged and the Company’s risk management objective and strategy for undertaking these hedge transactions. The effectiveness of the cash
flow hedge is measured throughout the life of the hedging relationship. Ineffectiveness arises in the event of over hedging, whereby the
notional amount of the designated hedge instrument exceeds the notional amount of the hedged item attributable to the hedged risk, or
timing mismatches. Where ineffectiveness is identified, any revaluation gains or loss on the ineffective portion of the hedging instrument are
immediately recognised in the statement of profit or loss in foreign exchange gains or foreign exchange losses.

The effective portion of changes in the fair value of derivatives that are designated as cash flow hedges are recognised in the cash flow hedge
reserve within equity. Upon recognition of the forecast transaction (“hedged item”) the carrying value is not adjusted. Amounts accumulated in
equity are transferred to the statement of profit or loss in the period(s) in which the hedged item affects the statement of profit or loss.




(i)   Recognition and measurement
Refer to note A4 for the accounting policy note for Pastoral property and improvements held at fair value. Plant and equipment and industrial
land and buildings are stated at historical cost less accumulated depreciation and any accumulated impairment losses. Such cost includes the
cost of replacing parts that are eligible for capitalisation when the cost of replacing the parts is incurred. Similarly, when each major inspection
is performed, its cost is recognised in the carrying amount of the plant and equipment as a replacement only if it is eligible for capitalisation.
Directly attributable costs for the acquisition and construction of an asset are capitalised if the relevant recognition criteria are met. All other
repairs and maintenance are recognised in the income statement as incurred.

We review and adjust, if appropriate, the residual values, useful lives and amortisation methods of all property, plant and equipment at the
end of each financial year.



76     Australian Agricultural Company Limited | ANNUAL REPORT 2019
(ii) Depreciation
Depreciation is calculated on a straight line basis over the estimated useful life of the asset as follows:

 PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT                                                               AVERAGE USEFUL LIFE
 Land (freehold lease, pastoral/perpetual lease, industrial)                                 Not depreciated
 Buildings                                                                                   40 years
 Fixed improvements                                                                          30 years
 Owned plant and equipment                                                                   3-10 years
 Plant and equipment under lease                                                             2-5 years




(i)   AACo as a lessee
We determine whether an arrangement is or contains a lease based on the substance of the arrangement at inception date, whether
fulfilment of the arrangement is dependent on the use of a specific asset or assets or the arrangement conveys a right to use the asset, even
if that right is not explicitly specified in an arrangement.


(ii) Pastoral and perpetual property leases
Pastoral and perpetual property leases have been included in Property, Plant and Equipment (Refer note A4).


(iii) Agistment agreements
Agistment agreements give us the right to use land under a licence agreement to feed and pasture livestock for a fee. Agistment agreements
are usually up to 12 months’ duration and may be renewed for further periods. Agistment rights are classified as operating leases and the
costs are expensed as incurred.


(iv) Other leases
Finance leases, which transfer to us substantially all the risks and benefits incidental to ownership of the leased item, are capitalised at the
inception of the lease at the fair value of the leased asset or, if lower, at the present value of the minimum lease payments. Lease payments
are apportioned between the finance charges and reduction of the lease liability so as to achieve a constant rate of interest on the remaining
balance of the liability. Finance charges are recognised in finance costs in the income statement.

Capitalised leased assets are depreciated over the shorter of the estimated useful life of the asset and the lease term if there is no reasonable
certainty that we will obtain ownership by the end of the lease term.

Operating lease payments are recognised as an operating expense in the income statement on a straight-line basis over the lease term.
Operating lease incentives are recognised as a liability when received and subsequently reduced by allocating lease payments between rental
expense and reduction of the liability.



Trade and other payables are carried at amortised cost and due to their short-term nature they are not discounted. They represent liabilities
for goods and services provided to us prior to the end of the financial year that are unpaid and arise when we become obliged to make future
payments in respect of the purchase of these goods and services. Trade payables are unsecured and are usually paid within 30 days of
recognition. Other payables are unsecured and are usually paid within 90 days of recognition.



Borrowings are included as non-current liabilities except for those with maturities less than 12 months from the reporting date, which are
classified as current liabilities.

We recognise borrowings initially on the trade date, which is the date we become a party to the contractual provisions of the instrument. We
derecognise borrowings when our contractual obligations are discharged or cancelled or expire.

All borrowings are initially recognised at fair value plus any transaction costs that are directly attributable to the issue of the instruments and
are subsequently measured at amortised cost. Any difference between the final amount paid to discharge the borrowing and the initial
borrowing proceeds (including transaction costs) is recognised in the income statement over the borrowing period using the effective interest
method.


77     Australian Agricultural Company Limited | ANNUAL REPORT 2019
Amortised cost is calculated by taking into account any discount or premium on acquisition and fees or costs that are an integral part of the
effective interest rate. The effective interest rate amortisation is included in finance costs in the income statement. Borrowing costs directly
attributable to the acquisition, construction or production of a qualifying asset (i.e. an asset that necessarily takes a substantial period of time
to get ready for its intended use or sale) are capitalised as part of the cost of that asset. All other borrowing costs are expensed in the period
they occur. Borrowing costs consist of interest and other costs that we incur in connection with the borrowing of funds.



We provide benefits to our employees (including key management personnel) in the form of share based payments, whereby employees
render services in exchange for shares or rights over shares (equity settled transactions).

We recognise an expense for all share based remuneration determined with reference to the fair value at the grant date of the equity
instruments. We calculate the fair value using the Black Scholes model or other applicable models. The fair value is charged to the income
statement over the relevant vesting periods, adjusted to reflect actual and expected levels of vesting. In valuing equity-settled transactions, no
account is taken of any performance conditions, other than conditions linked to the price of the shares of Australian Agricultural Company
Limited (market conditions).



Ordinary shares are classified as equity. Incremental costs directly attributable to the issue of new shares or options are shown in equity as a
deduction, net of tax, from the proceeds.



Revenue is recognised to the extent that it is probable that the economic benefits will flow to the Company and the revenue can be reliably
measured, regardless of when the payment is being made. Revenue is measured at the fair value of the consideration received or receivable,
taking into account contractually defined terms of payment and excluding taxes or duty.


(i)   Livestock and meat sales
Policy that was in effect until 31 March 2018

Revenue from the sale of livestock and meat is recognised when:

>     there has been a transfer of risks and rewards to the customer (through the execution of a sales agreement at the time of delivery of the
      goods to the customer);

>     no further work or processing is required;

>     the quantity and quality of the goods has been determined; and

>     the price is fixed and generally title has passed (for shipped goods this is the bill of lading date).

Policy that was in effect from 1 April 2018

The Company has adopted AASB 15 Revenue from Contracts with Customers from 1 April 2018 which resulted in a changes in accounting
policies.

Revenue is recognised to the extent that the Company has satisfied a performance obligation and the transaction price can be readily
identified. Revenue is measured at the fair value of the consideration received or receivable, taking into account contractually defined terms
of payment and excluding taxes or duty.

Revenue from the sale of livestock and meat is recognised when:

>     the performance obligation of passing control of meat or livestock at an agreed upon delivery point to the customer has been satisfied


(ii) Interest revenue
We record interest revenue on an accruals basis. For financial assets, interest revenue is determined by the effective yield on the instrument.




78     Australian Agricultural Company Limited | ANNUAL REPORT 2019
The Company and its wholly-owned Australian resident entities are part of a tax-consolidated group. As a consequence, all members of the tax-
consolidated group are taxed as a single entity. The Company is the head entity within the tax-consolidated group. Foreign entities are taxed
individually within their respective tax jurisdictions. Income tax expense represents the sum of current tax and deferred tax.


Current tax
Current tax is calculated on accounting profit after allowing for non-taxable and non-deductible items based on the amount expected to be
paid to taxation authorities on taxable profit for the period. Our current tax is calculated using tax rates that have been enacted or
substantively enacted at the reporting date.

Current income tax relating to items recognised directly in equity is recognised in equity and not in the income statement.


Deferred tax
Deferred income tax is provided on all temporary differences at the reporting date between the tax bases of assets and liabilities and their
carrying amounts for financial reporting purposes. Deferred tax is calculated at the tax rates that are expected to apply to the period when the
asset is realised or the liability is settled.

Deferred income tax liabilities are recognised for all taxable temporary differences except:

>     When the deferred income tax liability arises from the initial recognition of goodwill or of an asset or liability in a transaction that is not a
      business combination and that, at the time of the transaction, affects neither the accounting profit nor taxable profit or loss.

>     When the taxable temporary difference is associated with investments in subsidiaries and the timing of the reversal of the temporary
      difference can be controlled and it is probable that the temporary difference will not reverse in the foreseeable future.

Deferred income tax assets are recognised for all deductible temporary differences, carry-forward of unused tax credits and unused tax losses,
to the extent that it is probable that taxable profit will be available against which the deductible temporary differences and the carry-forward of
unused tax credits and unused tax losses can be utilised, except:

>     When the deferred income tax asset relating to the deductible temporary difference arises from the initial recognition of an asset or
      liability in a transaction that is not a business combination and, at the time of the transaction, affects neither the accounting profit nor
      taxable profit or loss.

>     When the deductible temporary difference is associated with investments in subsidiaries, associates or interests in joint ventures, in
      which case a deferred tax asset is only recognised to the extent that it is probable that the temporary difference will reverse in the
      foreseeable future and taxable profit will be available against which the temporary difference can be utilised.

The carrying amount of deferred income tax assets is reviewed at each reporting date and reduced to the extent that it is no longer probable
that sufficient taxable profit will be available to allow all or part of the deferred income tax asset to be utilised.

Unrecognised deferred income tax assets are reassessed at each reporting date and are recognised to the extent that it has become probable
that future taxable profit will allow the deferred tax asset to be recovered.

Deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities are offset only if a legally enforceable right exists to set off current tax assets against current
tax liabilities and the deferred tax assets and liabilities relate to the same taxable entity and the same taxation authority.




(i)   Basic earnings per share
Basic earnings per share is calculated as net profit attributable to ordinary shareholders divided by the weighted average number of ordinary
shares outstanding during the period.


(ii) Diluted earnings per share
Diluted earnings per share adjusts the figures used in the determination of basic earnings per share to take into account:

>     The after tax effect of interest and other financing costs associated with dilutive potential ordinary shares that have been recognised as
      expenses

>     The weighted average number of additional ordinary shares that would have been outstanding assuming the conversion of all dilutive
      potential ordinary shares



79     Australian Agricultural Company Limited | ANNUAL REPORT 2019
In accordance with a resolution of the Directors of the Australian Agricultural Company Limited, we state that:

1.   In the opinion of the Directors:

           a.   The financial statements, notes and remuneration report of Australian Agricultural Company Limited for the year ended 31
                March 2019 are in accordance with the Corporations Act 2001, including:

                         i.   Giving a true and fair view of its financial position as at 31 March 2019 and of its performance for the year ended
                              on that date.

                      ii.     Complying with Accounting Standards and Corporations Regulations 2001.

           b.   The financial statements and notes also comply with International Financial Reporting Standards as disclosed in note G2.

           c.   There are reasonable grounds to believe that the Company will be able to pay its debts as and when they become due and
                payable.

2.   This declaration has been made after receiving the declarations required to be made to the Directors in accordance with section 295A of
     the Corporations Act 2001 for the year to 31 March 2019.

3.   In the opinion of the Directors, as at the date of this declaration, there are reasonable grounds to believe that the members of the Closed
     Group identified in note F8 will be able to meet any obligations or liabilities to which they are or may become subject, by virtue of the
     Deed of Cross Guarantee.



On behalf of the Board




Donald McGauchie

Chairman


Brisbane

22 May 2019




80     Australian Agricultural Company Limited | ANNUAL REPORT 2019
81   Australian Agricultural Company Limited | ANNUAL REPORT 2019
82   Australian Agricultural Company Limited | ANNUAL REPORT 2019
83   Australian Agricultural Company Limited | ANNUAL REPORT 2019
84   Australian Agricultural Company Limited | ANNUAL REPORT 2019
85   Australian Agricultural Company Limited | ANNUAL REPORT 2019
86   Australian Agricultural Company Limited | ANNUAL REPORT 2019
Additional information required by the Australian Stock Exchange Ltd and not shown elsewhere in the annual report is as follows. The
information is current as at 06 May 2019.




Ordinary share capital
602,766,747 fully paid ordinary shares are held by 9,468 individual Shareholders. All ordinary shares carry one vote per share and carry the
rights to dividends. The number of shareholders, by size of holding is:

 NUMBER OF SHARES                                                                                              NUMBER OF SHAREHOLDERS
 1 to 1,000                                                                                                                      2,138
 1,001 to 5,000                                                                                                                  3,514
 5,001 to 10,000                                                                                                                 1,537
 10,001 to 100,000                                                                                                               2,091
 100,001 and Over                                                                                                                  188
 Total                                                                                                                           9,468

Unquoted equity securities
As at 06 May 2019, there were 5,882,736 unlisted performance rights granted over unissued ordinary shares in the Company.




The names of the twenty largest holders of quoted shares as shown in the Company’s Share Register are:
                                                                                                                   NUMBER       PERCENTAGE
 J P MORGAN NOMINEES AUSTRALIA LIMITED                                                                         182,927,463             30.35%
 CITICORP NOMINEES PTY LIMITED                                                                                 163,965,655             27.20%
 HSBC CUSTODY NOMINEES (AUSTRALIA) LIMITED                                                                      54,415,164              9.03%
 BBRC INTERNATIONAL PTE LTD <THE BB FAM INTERNATIONAL A/C>                                                      13.697,000              2.27%
 MEDICH PROPERTIES PTY LIMITES <ROY MEDICH INVESTMENT A/C>                                                      11,253,416              1.87%
 FORTE LAND PTY LTD                                                                                              9,190,311              1.52%
 BNP PARIBAS NOMS PTY LTD <DRP>                                                                                  8,782,461              1.46%
 AACO NOMINEES PTY LIMITED <AACO EMP SHARE SCHEME A/C>                                                           6,764,848              1.12%
 NATIONAL NOMINEES LIMITED                                                                                       5,858,850              0.97%
 CUSTODIAL SERVICES LIMITED <BENEFICIARIES HOLDING A/C>                                                          3,437,455              0.57%
 QUALITY LIFE PTY LTD <THE NEILL FAMILY A/C>                                                                     3,175,000              0.53%
 NIZIN HOLDINGS PTY LTD <CHARLES CROPPER A/C>                                                                    2,800,000              0.46%
 BELL POTTER NOMINEES LTD <BB NOMINEES A/C>                                                                      2,087,945              0.35%
 BNP PARIBAS NOMINEES PTY LTD <AGENCY LENDING DRP A/C>                                                           1,883,203              0.31%
 TASMAN SUPER PTY LIMITED <ROBINSON FAMILY S/F A/C>                                                              1,880,000              0.31%
 UBS NOMINEES PTY LTD                                                                                            1,473,422              0.24%
 MR JOHN QIANE HE                                                                                                1,422,113              0.24%
 NEASHAM HOLDINGS PTY LTD <THE NEASHAM A/C>                                                                      1,220,735              0.20%
 MR BARRY MARTIN LAMBERT                                                                                         1,177,660              0.20%
 MR TROY CHRISTOPHER ANGUS                                                                                       1,100,000              0.18%



The names of substantial shareholders who have notified the Company in accordance with section 671B of the Corporations Act 2001 are:

ORDINARY SHAREHOLDERS                                                                                                                  NUMBER
Bryan Glinton as trustee of The AA Trust                                                                                        270,332,457




The number of security investors holding less than a marketable parcel of 439 securities ($1.140 on 06 May 2019) is 768 and they hold
131,402 securities.




87    Australian Agricultural Company Limited | ANNUAL REPORT 2019
Australian Agricultural Company Limited




15 010 892 270




Principal Place of Business

Level 1, Tower A
Gasworks Plaza
76 Skyring Terrace
Newstead QLD 4006

Ph: (07) 3368 4400
Fax: (07) 3368 4401
www.aaco.com.au




Link Market Services Limited

Level 21, 10 Eagle Street
Brisbane QLD 4000

Ph: 1300 554 474
www.linkmarketservices.com.au

AACo shares are quoted on the Australian Securities Exchange under listing Code AAC.




Allens Linklaters

Level 26, 480 Queen Street
Brisbane QLD 4000




KPMG

Level 16, 71 Eagle Street
Brisbane QLD 4000




The Annual General Meeting of Shareholders of the Australian Agricultural Company Limited will be held on Tuesday 31st July at 10:00am
(Brisbane time) at Brisbane Convention and Exhibition Centre, Merivale & Glenelg Street, South Brisbane, Queensland 4101.




88     Australian Agricultural Company Limited | ANNUAL REPORT 2019
