1
2
RECORDATI INDUSTRIA CHIMICA E FARMACEUTICA S.P.A.
Company under the management and coordination of Rossini Luxembourg S.àr.l.
Registered office: Via Matteo Civitali, 1 ‐ Milan, Italy
Share capital: € 26,140,644.50 fully paid‐in
Tax identification code and registration number in the Milan, Monza, Brianza and Lodi Business Register:
00748210150
The Company prepares the consolidated financial statements for the Recordati group.




BOARD OF DIRECTORS                                 CONTROL, RISK AND CSR COMMITTEE
ANDREA RECORDATI                                   MICHAELA CASTELLI
Chairman                                           Chair
GUIDO GUIDI                                        ELISA CORGHI
Vice Chairman                                      PIERGIORGIO PELUSO
ROBERT KOREMANS
Chief Executive Officer                            REMUNERATION AND NOMINATIONS
MICHAELA CASTELLI          Lead Independent        COMMITTEE
                           Director                JOANNA LE COUILLIARD
ELISA CORGHI               Independent             Chair
GIORGIO DE PALMA                                   MICHAELA CASTELLI
LUIGI LA CORTE             Group Chief             ELISA CORGHI
                           Financial Officer
JOANNA LE COUILLIARD       Independent             BOARD OF STATUTORY AUDITORS
GIAMPIERO MAZZA                                    ANTONIO SANTI
PIERGIORGIO PELUSO         Independent             Chair
CATHRIN PETTY                                      EZIO SIMONELLI
                                                   LIVIA AMIDANI ALIBERTI
KIM STRATTON
                                                   Statutory Auditors
                                                   ANDREA BALELLI
                                                   SILVIA MINA
                                                   Alternate Auditors


                                                   AUDIT FIRM
                                                   EY S.p.A.




                                                                                                      3
The 2023 consolidated financial statements are presented in accordance with the International Financial
Reporting Standards (IFRSs) issued or revised by the International Accounting Standards Board (IASB) and
endorsed by the European Union, as well as the provisions issued implementing Art. 9 of Italian Legislative
Decree 38/2005. The same accounting standards were used in the preparation of the 2022 consolidated
financial statements.
This document contains forward‐looking statements relating to future events and future operating, economic
and financial results of the Recordati group. By their nature, forward‐looking statements involve risk and
uncertainty because they depend on the occurrence of future events and circumstances. Actual results may
therefore differ materially from those forecasts as a result of a variety of reasons, most of which are beyond
the Recordati group’s control. The information on the group’s pharmaceutical specialties and other products
contained in this document is intended solely as information on Recordati’s activities and therefore, as such,
it is not intended as medical scientific indication or recommendation, nor as advertising.
This document in PDF format does not meet the obligation arising from the ESEF Regulation.
This is an English courtesy translation of the original documentation prepared in Italian language.




                                                                                                            4
                   RECORDATI, AT THE FOREFRONT OF LIFE ENHANCING AND LIFE‐CHANGING MEDICINES




RECORDATI,
AT THE FOREFRONT
OF LIFE-ENHANCING AND
LIFE-CHANGING MEDICINES

Revenue 2,082.3           Million Euros


Net Income 389.2        Million Euros


Employees    4,450
          Exceed




                                                                                           5
                               RECORDATI, AT THE FOREFRONT OF LIFE ENHANCING AND LIFE‐CHANGING MEDICINES




AT THE FOREFRONT OF LIFE-ENHANCING AND LIFE-CHANGING
MEDICINES FOR ALMOST 100 YEARS.
With its beginnings in a family‐run pharmacy in Correggio, Italy in the 1920s, Recordati is now a global
pharmaceutical group, listed on the Italian Stock Exchange since 1984, with over 4,450 employees. In 2023,
the Group generated revenue of € 2,082.3 million and net income of € 389.2 million.
Recordati has always believed that health, and the opportunity to live life to the fullest, is a right, not a
privilege. Whether that is for common diseases or the rarest – Recordati wants to give everyone the
opportunity to be the best version of themselves. This drive will never stop.
The people who work across Recordati are passionate individuals who go to extraordinary lengths for
partners, customers, investors, and the people across the globe that they serve. Every day, they strive to
deliver on the Group’s purpose of Unlocking the full potential of life.
Recordati:
 Has fully integrated operations across research and development, chemical and finished product
  manufacturing through to commercialisation and licensing.
 Has a global footprint with direct presence in more than 65 countries and partnerships in remaining
  markets.
 Has a diversified portfolio across Speciality & Primary Care and Rare Diseases, available in around 150
  countries worldwide.
 Is a partner of choice for many companies in the industry due to its unique structure and successful track
  record in integrating new products and licenses.
 Maintains the highest quality and safety standards of products throughout their life cycle.
 Manufactures pharmaceutical ingredients to support its supply‐chain, while also providing them to
  customers worldwide.


STRATEGY
In a constantly changing marketplace, Recordati is committed to seeking new opportunities, with a focus on
developing new treatments and investing in medical innovations that can address the unmet needs of
patients.
Since its beginnings, Recordati has generated strong consistent growth thanks to the continued success of its
products and its strategy based on internationalisation and diversification. The Group has focused on driving
profitable organic growth of its product portfolio and on business development, through licensing and
acquisitions, since the 1990s.
Partnerships are a core component of Recordati’s successful history. The group has developed a long‐standing
track record, a commitment to partnering and has the focus to treat each product as if it were Recordati’s own.


BUSINESS AND PORTFOLIO
Specialty & Primary Care
The Specialty & Primary Care (SPC) business unit has a strong and proven heritage of supporting people living
with a wide range of common illnesses that affect large populations day to day. It creates value for patients,
payers, and physicians with both prescription and self‐medication treatments. The business has a direct
presence in Europe, North Africa and Türkiye, and makes its products available in other international markets
through distribution partners. The product portfolio includes medicines developed historically internally and
several which have been in‐licensed from other pharmaceutical companies for commercialization in specific
territories.



                                                                                                             6
                                     RECORDATI, AT THE FOREFRONT OF LIFE ENHANCING AND LIFE‐CHANGING MEDICINES




SPC’s best‐known products are focused in the following areas:
 Cardiovascular, with lercanidipine, a latest‐generation calcium channel blocker indicated for the treatment
  of hypertension, discovered and developed entirely at Recordati’s research laboratories, and its
  combination with enalapril, a widely prescribed ACE inhibitor. The group also offers well‐established
  metoprolol‐based products, a beta‐blocker mainly indicated to control a range of conditions including
  hypertension, angina pectoris, cardiac rhythm disorders, maintenance treatment after a myocardial
  infarction, and functional heart disorders with palpitations. Pitavastatin, a latest‐generation statin for
  controlling hypercholesterolemia, is also marketed in several countries.
 Urology and Uro-Oncology, with well‐recognized drugs for the treatment of benign prostatic hyperplasia
  such as silodosin, and of urinary incontinence, such as flavoxate. Its portfolio also includes a leuprorelin
  acetate depot formulation for subcutaneous injection indicated for palliative care in hormone‐dependent
  prostate cancer (PCa). A new pre‐connected syringe, developed by Tolmar, was introduced in first markets
  in the later part of 2023, further enhancing the differentiated position of the drug. In 2023, a long‐term,
  commercialization agreement was finalised with GSK for the sales and distribution of two drugs, Avodart®
  (dutasteride) and Combodart ®/ Duodart® (dutasteride/tamsulosin)(1). These drugs have helped support
  millions of men worldwide who experience moderate to severe symptoms relating to benign prostatic
  hyperplasia (BPH) and are at risk of suffering complications.
 Gastroenterological, with several established brands for evacuating the intestine based on sodium
  picosulfate and magnesium citrate (including Citrafleet®, Casenlax®), widely used before diagnostic tests,
  products used for constipation for adults and children, and a line of probiotics based on lactobacillus reuteri
  protectis, particularly popular in Western Europe. Procto‐Glyvenol® (tribenoside) is one of our leading CHC
  brands across several Central and Eastern European markets.
 “Cough and cold” ranging from an antiseptic based on biclotymol for sore throats, to combination products
  for the treatment of ear, nose and throat infections, successfully sold mainly in Italy, France, Russia and the
  CIS countries.
 In addition to the above, we have products available across a variety of other areas, including central
  nervous system, with an antipsychotic drug for the treatment of schizophrenia, Reagila® (cariprazine), a
  third‐generation antipsychotic for this seriously debilitating mental disorder which is marketed in several
  European countries.

Rare Diseases
The Rare Diseases (RD) business unit develops, produces and markets drugs for the treatment of rare
diseases, operating globally and dedicated entirely to serving patients suffering from these diseases. The
drugs are marketed directly in Europe, the Middle East, Türkiye, United States, Canada, Russia, Australia,
Japan, China and in Latin America, and through selected partners in several other countries.
Historically focused on rare genetic metabolic illnesses, acquired through the acquisitions of Orphan Europe
in 2007 and Lundbeck product portfolio in US in 2012, the Rare Diseases portfolio was expanded with the
acquisition of additional important specialties in rare endocrine diseases through the acquisition of Signifor®,
Signifor LAR® (pasireotide) and Isturisa® (osilodrostat) from Novartis in 2019, and further expanded with the
acquisition of EUSA Pharma that was completed in March 2022, adding four drugs for the treatment of rare
and niche oncological diseases.
RD provides medicines across three main therapeutic areas:
 Metabolic - The activity on rare genetic metabolic illnesses, with an initial presence in 2007 mostly in
  Europe and the MENA region, has expanded its scope into the US in 2012. Cystadrops® (cysteamine
  hydrochloride), Carbaglu® (carglumic acid) and Panhematin® (human hemin) form the core of the business’s
  legacy metabolic products, to which Ledaga® (chlormethinean hydrochloride was added in 2018. Recordati
  continues to expand access to these treatments, with Carbaglu® launched in 2023 in China for the

(1)
  Trademarks are owned by or licensed to the GSK group of companies. Transition to Recordati of commercialization of Avodart® and Combodart® /
Duodart® has been effected in the following markets: Austria, Belgium, Czech Republic, Finland, France, Germany, Greece, Ireland, Italy, Luxembourg,
Poland, Portugal, Spain, Sweden, Switzerland, UK.




                                                                                                                                                  7
                            RECORDATI, AT THE FOREFRONT OF LIFE ENHANCING AND LIFE‐CHANGING MEDICINES




 treatment of hyperammonia associated with NAGS deficiency and organic acidemias, a set of rare
 metabolic conditions characterized by raised levels of ammonia in the blood which can be extremely toxic
 to the brain in infants, children and adults.
 Endrocrinology ‐ Recordati expanded into important endocrine speciality treatment areas in 2019, which
  included conditions such as Cushing disease/ syndrome and Acromegaly, both rare conditions which can
  have a significant impact on quality of life. The expansion was part of the acquisition of Signifor®, Signifor
  LAR® and Isturisa® from Novartis. Access to these treatments continues to expand globally with the launch
  of Istruisa® in Columbia in 2023 and the filing of the New Drug Application (NDA) for the same treatment in
  China and Brazil.
 Oncology ‐ The business expanded into rare oncological conditions through the acquisition of EUSA Pharma
 in March 2022 adding important treatments that cover rare and niche oncological diseases, the main ones
 being Qarziba® (dinutuximab beta) for high‐risk neuroblastoma, Sylvant® (siltuximab) for idiopathic multi‐
 centric Castleman disease and Fotivda® (tivozanib), indicated in advanced renal cell carcinoma. Access to
 these treatments continues to expand internationally; for example, in 2023 discussions were held with the
 FDA in the US regarding the potential regulatory path for the Biologics Licence Application for Qarziba®, a
 product already present on the market in Europe and other countries.
Rare Diseases continually develops new specialties and new indications within its portfolio originating either
internally or acquired through development agreements with other pharmaceutical companies and research
institutes across its three focus areas.


PRODUCTION SITES
Recordati has seven pharmaceutical production facilities, located in the Czech Republic, France, Italy, Spain,
Switzerland, Türkiye and Tunisia, all of which operate in full compliance with environmental protection
regulations and current Good Manufacturing Practice (cGMP).
Recordati also has one packaging and distribution center dedicated to rare disease products in Nanterre
(near Paris), France. The site delivers, at short notice, more than 27,000 orders annually to more than 60
countries worldwide.
The group also produces several active ingredients and intermediates for the pharmaceutical industry at two
pharmaceutical chemical plants: one in Campoverde di Aprilia, Italy, which marked its 60th anniversary in
2023, and the other in Cork, Ireland.
The key focus of Recordati’s pharmaceutical chemicals business is providing quality Active Pharmaceutical
Ingredients (API) for some of the group’s key drugs across both business units, with residual capacity made
available to manufacture and commercialise APIs to third party customers worldwide.
The pharmaceutical chemicals business focuses on:
 striving for maximum product quality, safety of production processes, protection of the environment,
 health and safety in the workplace
 meeting the requirements of the Recordati pharmaceuticals business
 strengthening the Group’s presence in highly regulated markets, like the United States, European and
 Japan.


RESEARCH & DEVELOPMENT
Recordati continuously brings new medicines to patients, originating either internally or acquired through
agreements with other pharmaceutical companies and research institutes. Commitment, scientific rigor,
capability, and highly specialised personnel allow the group to develop new treatments and build an
innovative product pipeline.




                                                                                                              8
                            RECORDATI, AT THE FOREFRONT OF LIFE ENHANCING AND LIFE‐CHANGING MEDICINES




In 2023, Recordati invested € 255.7 million in research and development (including amortisation arising from
the purchase or license of new products), + 16.2% compared to 2022.


DIGITAL INNOVATION
Recordati has embarked on a transformative journey to elevate the group’s digital landscape. One of the
cornerstones of this digital transformation is the comprehensive implementation of a group‐wide ERP
system, revolutionizing the way processes across the organization are streamlined. In addition, the Group
has successfully implemented a cutting‐edge data warehouse system, allowing it to harness the full potential
of all data, fostering informed decision‐making and strategic planning.
As well as these milestones, Recordati has implemented other transformative initiatives to strengthen its
digital footprint. These efforts collectively show the group’s commitment to not only stay abreast of industry
trends but also set new benchmarks for operational excellence and technological prowess.


ENVIRONMENT, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE (ESG)
Recordati has a long history of entrepreneurial passion, a strong reputation and a desire to continue growing
and creating value in an ethical, enduring and sustainable way. It does this while respecting the laws and
regulations that apply in the countries in which it operates, protecting people and the environment and
supplying safe, high‐quality products.
The group’s Sustainability Plan describes its future commitments and is built around qualitative and
quantitative goals in five priority areas: patient care, people care, environmental protection, responsible
sourcing, ethics and integrity.
To pursue a long‐term sustainable growth model, Recordati integrates social and environmental aspects into
its corporate strategy. An example of this is that, in 2023, Recordati finalised its first sustainability‐linked
loan, linking the credit raised to two ESG KPIs: environmental protection (Renewable Energy Installed Power
Capacity) and responsible sourcing (Suppliers’ Sustainability Audit).
Recordati’s focus and efforts in driving the group’s ESG strategy were recognized by main ESG indices and
ratings in 2023. The inclusion in the FTSE4GOOD Index series was reconfirmed alongside the “Platinum”
rating by EcoVadis. MSCI ESG Research confirmed Recordati’s A rating and the Group was rated C+ with Prime
status by ISS ESG, awarded to companies with a leading sustainability performance in their industry. In
addition, Recordati received a “Robust” ESG Assessment from Moody’s Analytics and is included in the MIB
ESG Index, promoted by Euronext and Borsa Italiana.


PEOPLE AND CULTURE
Recordati prides itself on having built – and continuing to further develop – a culture in which people are
able to thrive and grow.
In 2023, Recordati continued to promote initiatives to foster a more diverse and inclusive working
environment for all, with the aim of increasing the percentage of women in Top and Senior Manager
positions. The group ran its first global People engagement survey for the whole employee base of more
than 4,300 people. It also repeated 2022’s Diversity and Inclusion survey that specifically targets the Senior
Leadership Team of around 300 people. Both surveys achieved a high response rate as well as encouraging
results.
To truly illustrate what Recordati and its people stand for, in 2023, the group refreshed its purpose to
Unlocking the full potential of life, a step that has received positive feedback from employees and key
external stakeholders, including patient organisations. To reflect the purpose, Recordati also refreshed its
brand identity, with a new look and feel that can be seen on the company’s website www.recordati.com,
which has also been updated to offer more detailed information for all the group’s stakeholders.



                                                                                                              9
                                                                              LETTER TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS




LETTER TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS
Dear Shareholders,
In 2023, we continued to deliver value and sustainable growth to all our stakeholders in a very dynamic
environment. Against the backdrop of increasing geopolitical instability and higher inflationary pressures, we
achieved an outstanding financial performance, marked by strong momentum across both the Specialty &
Primary Care (SPC) and Rare Diseases (RD) businesses.
Throughout the year, we continued to demonstrate our ability to successfully execute our business strategy,
focused on driving organic growth of our current portfolio, complemented with accretive M&A and targeted
business development, as well as capturing growth opportunities within our own pipeline. We firmly believe
these strategic pillars will further strengthen our position for future profitable growth.
Our consolidated revenues for 2023 exceeded € 2 billion for the first time, with broad‐based strength across
both our Specialty & Primary Care and Rare Diseases businesses. Specifically, our SPC business grew ahead
of relevant markets, achieving € 1,313.6 million of revenue growing 13.6% on a like‐for‐like basis compared
to FY2022, while the RD business, with revenue totalling € 714.7 million, grew by 14.9% on a like‐for‐like
basis year‐on‐year, driven by the endocrinology and oncology franchises. This growth, combined with
continued cost discipline, allowed us to sustain sector‐leading margins despite a challenging financial
environment. Given the strong momentum across the business, we remain on track to deliver on our mid‐
and longer‐term growth ambitions.
There were also a number of important milestones achieved in 2023 to expand access to our existing
treatments, whilst also strengthening our portfolio. We are particularly proud of the agreement signed with
GSK in July to commercialize Avodart® (dutasteride) and Combodart®/ Duodart® (dutasteride/tamsulosin)
across 21 countries. The deal adds two leading and well‐established brands to our core urology portfolio in
Specialty & Primary Care, significantly reinforcing the competitiveness of the Group’s offering as well as
extending Recordati’s proven excellence in the urology space.
Throughout the year, the expansion of the Group’s footprint in China has continued to progress. We obtained
approval of Marketing Authorization for Carbaglu® in June, with first commercial sales taking place in November.




          ANDREA                                                      ROB
          RECORDATI                                                   KOREMANS
          Chairman                                                    Chief Executive
                                                                      Officer




                                                                                                             10
                                                                             LETTER TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS




We’ve also continued important development and life‐cycle management activities. A new program was
initiated in 2023, with a Phase II study on pasireotide s.c. for the treatment of patients with Post‐Bariatric
Hypoglycemia (PBH).
The Group has also completed enrollment of the global phase II study of REC 0559 for the treatment of
neurotrophic keratitis and expects the topline data readout in mid‐2024. Discussions are ongoing with the
FDA on the potential regulatory path to bring dinutuximab beta (Qarziba®) to patients in the US; we are
addressing the FDA’s comments from our Type C meeting in 2023 and expect to have further interactions
with the authority in the first half of 2024.
To support innovation in the clinical community, in May we launched the call for applications to the 11th
edition of the Arrigo Recordati International Prize for Scientific Research, held once every two years. The
2024 Award is dedicated to the promotion and recognition of excellence in research on paediatric oncology,
specifically neuroblastoma, which reflects our strong commitment to support innovation and research within
rare diseases.
In 2023, we refreshed our purpose to Unlocking the full potential of life, which reflects what the company
and our people stand for today. This new purpose reaffirms Recordati’s long‐standing belief that health and
the opportunity to live life to the fullest are a right not a privilege. Culture Ambassador volunteers across
Recordati supported the creation and rollout of the purpose, with over 70 people worldwide working
tirelessly to engage colleagues locally and further build a shared sense of pride in the Group.
We also reflect with pride on this year’s achievements on the sustainability front. Our focus and efforts in
driving the Group’s ESG strategy were further recognized by main ESG indices and ratings this year. In June
2023, the inclusion in the FTSE4GOOD Index series was reconfirmed alongside the “Platinum” rating by
EcoVadis in July. MSCI ESG Research confirmed Recordati’s A rating in August and the Group was rated C+
with Prime status by ISS ESG in September, awarded to companies with a leading sustainability performance
in their industry. We also received a “Robust” ESG Assessment from Moody’s Analytics in October, and we
are included in the MIB ESG Index, promoted by Euronext and Borsa Italiana since October 2021.
As we look to build a more connected and inclusive work environment that supports the wellbeing of our
people, in 2023 we ran our first global engagement survey for the whole employee base of more than 4,300
people. We also repeated 2022’s Diversity and Inclusion survey that specifically targets the Senior Leadership
Team of around 300 people. A high response rate, as well as encouraging results in both surveys, clearly show
that we are heading in the right direction.
It was an honour and privilege to lead Recordati in such a great year, and we are thankful for the dedication,
hard work, and unwavering belief showed by all our people worldwide. Your commitment inspires us every
day.
Finally, to our shareholders, we extend our sincere gratitude for your constant trust, support, and investment
in our company. Thank you for playing a pivotal role in the continued success of Recordati.

DIVIDENDS
Based on the results obtained and consistent with the Company dividend policy, the Board of Directors has
proposed a dividend to shareholders of € 0.63 per share, in full balance of the interim 2023 dividend of €
0.57, for all shares outstanding at the ex‐dividend date of 20 May 2024, excluding treasury shares in the
portfolio at that date, with payment on 22 May 2024 and record date 21 May 2024. The proposed full 2023
dividend is therefore € 1.20 per share (€ 1.15 per share in 2022).

Sincerely,

                                                ANDREA RECORDATI                    ROB KOREMANS
                                                Chairman                            Chief Executive Officer




                                                                                                              11
                                                                                                          RECORDATI IN THE WORLD




RECORDATI IN THE WORLD
Present in around            150 countries with our SPC products and our treatments for Rare Diseases
SPECIALTY & PRIMARY CARE
      Subsidiaries and direct selling organizations                                 Countries where Recordati products are sold
                                                                                    (under license or export)




◣ Albania                      ◣ Denmark              ◣ Israel                         ◣ Moldova                 ◣ Sri Lanka
◣ Algeria                      ◣ Djibouti             ◣ Italy                          ◣ Mongolia                ◣ Sudan
◣ Angola                       ◣ Dominican Republic   ◣ Ivory Coast                    ◣ Morocco                 ◣ Sweden
◣ Argentina                    ◣ Ecuador              ◣ Jamaica                        ◣ Netherlands             ◣ Switzerland
◣ Armenia                      ◣ Egypt                ◣ Japan                          ◣ New Caledonia           ◣ Taiwan
◣ Australia                    ◣ El Salvador          ◣ Jordan                         ◣ New Zealand             ◣ Tajikistan
◣ Austria                      ◣ Estonia              ◣ Kazakhstan                     ◣ Niger                   ◣ Tanzania
◣ Azerbaijan                   ◣ Finland              ◣ Kenya                          ◣ Norway                  ◣ Thailand
◣ Belarus                      ◣ France               ◣ Kosovo                         ◣ Pakistan                ◣ Togo
◣ Belgium                      ◣ French Guiana        ◣ KSA                            ◣ Panama                  ◣ Tunisia
◣ Benin                        ◣ French Polynesia       (Kingdom of Saudi Arabia)      ◣ Paraguay                ◣ Türkiye
◣ Bosnia‐Herzegovina           ◣ Gabon                ◣ Kyrgyzstan                     ◣ Philippines             ◣ Turkmenistan
◣ Brazil                       ◣ Georgia              ◣ Latvia                         ◣ Poland                  ◣ UAE
◣ Bulgaria                     ◣ Germany              ◣ Lebanon                        ◣ Portugal                  (United Arab Emirates)
◣ Burkina‐Faso                 ◣ Greece               ◣ Libya                          ◣ Reunion                 ◣ Ukraine
◣ Cambodia                     ◣ Guadeloupe           ◣ Lithuania                      ◣ Romania                 ◣ United Kingdom
◣ Cameroon                     ◣ Guatemala            ◣ Luxembourg                     ◣ Russian Federation      ◣ Uruguay
◣ Cape Verde                   ◣ Guinea               ◣ Macedonia                      ◣ San Marino              ◣ USA
◣ Central African Republic     ◣ Haiti                ◣ Madagascar                     ◣ Senegal                   (United States of America)
◣ Chad                         ◣ Holy See             ◣ Malaysia                       ◣ Serbia                  ◣ Uzbekistan
◣ Chile                        ◣ Hong Kong            ◣ Mali                           ◣ Singapore               ◣ Venezuela
◣ China                        ◣ Hungary              ◣ Malta                          ◣ Slovak Republic         ◣ Vietnam
◣ Colombia                     ◣ Iceland              ◣ Martinique                     ◣ Slovenia                ◣ Wallis and Futuna
◣ Congo                        ◣ India                ◣ Mauritania                     ◣ Somalia
◣ Croatia                      ◣ Indonesia            ◣ Mauritius                      ◣ South Africa
◣ Cyprus                       ◣ Iraq                 ◣ Mayotte                        ◣ South Korea
◣ Czech Republic               ◣ Ireland              ◣ Mexico                         ◣ Spain




                                                                                                                                         12
                                                                                                     RECORDATI IN THE WORLD




RARE DISEASES
      Subsidiaries and direct presence of orphan drug                          Commercial agreements and direct delivery
      representatives




◣ Algeria                ◣ Czech Republic        ◣ Ireland                        ◣ Mexico                  ◣ South Africa
◣ Andorra                ◣ Denmark               ◣ Israel                         ◣ Montenegro              ◣ South Korea
◣ Argentina              ◣ Dominican Republic    ◣ Italy                          ◣ Morocco                 ◣ Spain
◣ Australia              ◣ Egypt                 ◣ Jamaica                        ◣ Netherlands             ◣ Sri Lanka
◣ Austria                ◣ Estonia               ◣ Japan                          ◣ New Zealand             ◣ Sweden
◣ Azerbaijan             ◣ Finland               ◣ Jordan                         ◣ Norway                  ◣ Switzerland
◣ Bahrain                ◣ France                ◣ Kazakhstan                     ◣ Oman                    ◣ Taiwan
◣ Belarus                ◣ Georgia               ◣ KSA                            ◣ Pakistan                ◣ Thailand
◣ Belgium                ◣ Germany                 (Kingdom of Saudi Arabia)      ◣ Peru                    ◣ Tunisia
◣ Bosnia‐Herzegovina     ◣ Greece                ◣ Kuwait                         ◣ Philippines             ◣ Türkiye
◣ Brazil                 ◣ Guatemala             ◣ Latvia                         ◣ Poland                  ◣ UAE
◣ Brunei                 ◣ Haiti                 ◣ Lebanon                        ◣ Portugal                  (United Arab Emirates)
◣ Bulgaria               ◣ Honduras              ◣ Libya                          ◣ Qatar                   ◣ Ukraine
◣ Canada                 ◣ Hong Kong             ◣ Lithuania                      ◣ Romania                 ◣ United Kingdom
◣ Chile                  ◣ Hungary               ◣ Luxembourg                     ◣ Russian Federation      ◣ Uruguay
◣ China                  ◣ Iceland               ◣ Macau                          ◣ Rwanda                  ◣ USA
◣ Colombia               ◣ India                 ◣ Macedonia                      ◣ Serbia                    (United States of America)
◣ Costa Rica             ◣ Indonesia             ◣ Malaysia                       ◣ Singapore               ◣ Venezuela
◣ Croatia                ◣ Iran                  ◣ Malta                          ◣ Slovak Republic         ◣ Vietnam
◣ Cyprus                 ◣ Iraq                  ◣ Mauritania                     ◣ Slovenia




                                                                                                                                    13
                                                                                                                   THE GROUP IN FIGURES




THE GROUP IN FIGURES
 REVENUE                                                EBITDA*                                           EBITDA* AS %
 Million Euros                                          Million Euros
                                                                                             769.6
                                                                                                          OF REVENUE*
                                           2,082.3
                                                                                     672.8
                                 1,853.3
                                                                            602.3
                       1,580.1                                     569.3
                                                         544.0
    1,481.8 1,448.9
                                                                                                                      39.3     38.1
                                                                                                            36.7                         36.3     37.0




     2019     2020      2021      2022      2023         2019      2020     2021     2022    2023            2019     2020     2021     2022     2023




RESEARCH &                                              NET INCOME                                        ADJUSTED
DEVELOPMENT                                             Million Euros                                     NET INCOME**
 Million Euros                             255.7
                                                                                                           Million Euros                         524.6
                                                                            386.0            389.2
                                 220.1                   368.9                                                                          473.3
                                                                   355.0
                                                                                     312.3                            410.4    424.6
                                                                                                             382.4
                       166.1
              146.2
    129.7




     2019     2020      2021      2022      2023         2019      2020     2021     2022    2023            2019     2020     2021     2022     2023




    DIVIDEND                                             NET INCOME                                         ADJUSTED NET
    PER SHARE                                            PER SHARE                                          INCOME PER SHARE
    Euro                                                 Euro                                               Euro                                 2.551
                                                                                                                                         2.302
                                                                             1.874           1.893                     1.995    2.061
                                                           1.800    1.725                                     1.866
                                                                                     1.519

                                    1.15      1.20***
                1.05      1.10
       1.00




       2019     2020      2021      2022      2023         2019      2020     2021    2022    2023            2019     2020     2021     2022     2023




*   Net income before income taxes, financial income and expenses, depreciation, amortization and write‐downs of property, plant and equipment,
    intangible assets and goodwill, non‐recurring items and non‐cash charges arising from the allocation of the purchase price of EUSA Pharma to the
    gross margin of acquired inventory according to IFRS 3.
** Net income excluding the amortization and write‐down of intangible assets (except software) and goodwill, non‐recurring items, non‐cash charges
    arising from the allocation of the purchase price of EUSA Pharma to the gross margin of acquired inventory pursuant to IFRS 3, and monetary net
    gains/losses from hyperinflation (IAS 29), net of tax effects.
*** Proposed by the Board of Directors.




                                                                                                                                                    14
                                                                                                    THE GROUP IN FIGURES




PHARMACEUTICAL REVENUE BY THERAPEUTIC AREA
SPECIALTY AND PRIMARY CARE 65.7%                                                  RARE DISEASES 34.3%


                                                                              Metabolic 13.0%
               Cardiovascular 17.5%

                                                                                      Endocrinology 11.6%

           Other pharmaceuticals 15.0%
                                                                                       Oncology 9.6%

                                                                                      Chemicals 2.6%
                                                                                Cough and Cold 6.6%
                               Urology 13.5%
                                                   Gastro & Intestinal 10.5%



PHARMACEUTICAL REVENUE BY GEOGRAPHY

                                      North Africa 2.0%
                                                                                 US 15.5%
                             Portugal 3.0%
                           Türkiye 4.8%
                                                                                      Italy 15.2%
         Russia, Ukraine, other CIS 6.9%

                    Other C.E.E. 7.4%

                       Germany 7.4%
                                                                                Other international sales 13.4%
            Other Western Europe 7.5%
                                      Spain 8.1%                        France 8.8%




BALANCE SHEET
at 31 December 2023

                                                                                             SHAREHOLDER’S EQUITY
         28.6%
         Non‐Current
                                              23.8%
                                              Current Liabilities                                                 1,686.4
         Assets                                                                                                      Million Euros
                                              36.1%
                                              Non‐Current Liabilities                                       NET FINANCIAL
        71.4                                                                                                     POSITION
        Current Assets                        40.1%
                                              Shareholder's Equity                                           (1,579.4)
                                                                                                                     Million Euros




                                                                                                                           15
                                                                                             THE RECORDATI SHARE




THE RECORDATI SHARE
  Listing:                             Borsa Italiana, Blue Chip segment, healthcare
  ISIN Code:                           It 0003828271
  Ticker:                              Bloomberg REC IM, Reuters RECI.MI
                                       FTSE MIB, FTSE Italia All‐Share Health Care Index, FTSE Italia All‐Share
  Index:                               Pharmaceuticals & Biotechnology Index, FTSE4Good Index Series, STOXX Europe
                                       600, Euro STOXX Health Care, MSCI Indexes
  Share Capital:                       n. 209,125,156 common shares
  Nominal value:                       € 0.125 per share
  EPS (diluted):                       € 1.861
  Dividend per share:                  € 1.20*

* Proposed by the Board of Directors




                                                                                                                     16
                                                                                                                          THE RECORDATI SHARE




COMPARED TO FTSE ITALIA ALL-SHARE
Source: FactSet
130


120


110


100


 90


 80
   Dec 21
  Jan‐23      Jan 22
              Feb‐23     Feb 22
                         Mar‐23        Mar 22
                                       Apr‐23        Apr 22
                                                     May‐23       May 22
                                                                   Jun‐23      Jun 22
                                                                                 Jul‐23      Jul 22
                                                                                              Aug‐23    Aug 22
                                                                                                         Sep‐23     Sep 22
                                                                                                                      Oct‐23      Oct 22
                                                                                                                                   Nov‐23       Nov 22
                                                                                                                                                  Dec‐23       Dec 22


                                             Recordati Industria Chimica e Farmaceutica S.p.A.                       FTSE MIB




COMPARED TO STOXX 600/HEALTHCARE
Source: FactSet
130


120


110


100


 90


 80
  Dec 21
   Jan‐23    Jan 22
               Feb‐23    Feb 22
                          Mar‐23      Mar 22
                                       Apr‐23       Apr 22
                                                     May‐23      May 22
                                                                   Jun‐23     Jun 22
                                                                                 Jul‐23     Jul 22
                                                                                               Aug‐23   Aug 22
                                                                                                          Sep‐23   Sep 22
                                                                                                                      Oct‐23     Oct 22
                                                                                                                                   Nov‐23 Nov 22
                                                                                                                                             Dec‐23           Dec 22


                                  Recordati Industria Chimica e Farmaceutica S.p.A.                         STOXX Europe 600 Health Care



DIVIDEND
(Euro per Share)
                                                                                                           1.05         1.10             1.15           1.20*
                                                                               0.92              1.00
                                                                0.85
                               0.60             0.70
                  0.50
      0.33


      2013        2014         2015             2016            2017           2018              2019      2020         2021             2022             2023

                                                                                                                               * Proposed by the Board of Directors.



PRINCIPAL SHAREHOLDERS
at 31 December 2023


                                                                                                                               Free float 46.7%

Consortium of investment funds
controlled by CVC Capital
Partners 51.8%
                                                                                                           Treasury Stock 1.5%


                                                                                                                                                               17
                     LA SALUTE, UN OBIETTIVO GLOBALE




HEALTH,
A GLOBAL OBJECTIVE




                                                 18
                                                                                HEALTH, A GLOBAL OBJECTIVE




The World Health Organisation (WHO) defines health as a state of complete physical,
mental and social well‐being and not merely the absence of disease or infirmity.

To improve health, it is therefore necessary to intervene on a number of determining factors, such as the
social, physical and economic conditions in which people are born, live and work, including the health care
system. In this context, besides institutions and governments, pharmaceutical companies are also called
upon to develop strategies to improve the health care system, in terms of the availability, accessibility and
quality of health care structures and the goods and services provided.
Health care expenditure is a significant indicator of the growing attention to the subject of health. The largest
driver of medicine spending growth through the next five years is expected to be the availability and use in
developed markets of innovative therapeutics, offset by losses of exclusivity and the lower costs of generics
and biosimilars. The global medicine market is expected to grow at 5‐8% CAGR through 2028, reaching about
US$ 2.3 trillion in 2028. Spending globally is expected to grow by more than $600Bn, driven by existing
branded medicines in the leading ten developed markets. (Source: Global Use of Medicines 2024, outlook to
2028, IQVIA).
The Consumer Health Care retail market (self‐medication) grew by 6.1% in the 12 months to end September
2023, reaching $166 billion globally, and consolidating its recovery following the pandemic (source: Nicholas
Hall’s CHC Dashboard).
This global trend was driven by a combination of different therapeutic areas and regional dynamics, with
cough & cold still holding a primary position as the key growth driver, followed by Gastrointestinals, boosted
by travel‐associated subcategories, and analgesics. This trend was even more pronounced in Asia, aided by
the relaxation of long‐held lockdown restrictions in China and Japan, and in Europe, with EU5 – the top 5
European markets ‐ outperforming the global growth.
The trend in the pharmaceutical sector to invest more in the treatment of rare diseases has continued.
Although the target population is smaller, it has significant unmet needs with often devastating effects for
affected people. The FDA approved 55 novel therapeutics in 2023, the second highest count in the past 30
years, with more than half (53%) of the new drug approvals being for orphan drugs. 2023 was also a year of
many firsts in the gene therapy space for rare diseases, with 5 new gene therapies approved, including the
first CRISPR gene editing technology‐based therapy. Orphan drug sales are projected to grow almost 12%
between 2023 and 2028, and to reach an estimated $300 billion total value in 2028 when orphan sales will
account for almost a fifth of all non‐generic prescription drug sales. That share has been climbing steadily
over the last decade: in 2018 it was 13% while in 2023 it was close to 15%, with US$173 billion in sales for
rare diseases. (source: FDA, Evaluate Pharma Orphan Drug Report 2023‐2028, Evaluate Pharma World
Preview 2023).
In this dynamic and competitive environment, pharmaceutical companies must remain constantly committed
on a number of fronts:
 degree of internationalization, in order to guarantee broader outlet markets for medicines
 relationships with opinion leaders, fundamental in terms of research and development and the education
  and training of company medical representatives
 support continuous improvement of diagnosis and treatment of diseases
 education, training and refresher courses for doctors regarding new pharmaceutical products
 developing relationships with national governments, patient associations and public administrations to
  improve access to treatment
 developing new pharmaceutical products and technology to deal with emerging health emergencies
  (influenza pandemic and resistance to antibiotics).




                                                                                                              19
                RESEARCH & DEVELOPMENT




RESEARCH
& DEVELOPMENT




                                         20
                                                                                   RESEARCH & DEVELOPMENT




In 2023, Research and Development activities concentrated primarily on the Rare
Diseases segment, whereas new acquisitions and licences were focused on Specialty &
Primary Care.

Recordati is expanding its commitment to researching and developing treatments for rare diseases and has
a number of projects in the pipeline in various phases, from discovering new formulations to late stage and
post‐approval studies.
Furthermore, various collaborations with the best universities worldwide are in place, with the objective of
finding new therapeutic uses for the current treatments as well as to promote research and development in
the more relevant areas (metabolic diseases, endocrinology, oncology).
Progress was made on the clinical development and life cycle management (LCM) programs of key assets,
notably pasireotide (Signifor®), osilodrostat (Isturisa®), dinutuximab beta (Qarziba®) and REC 0559 (for
neurotrophic keratitis).
At the same time, multiple registration and regulatory activities were carried out to maintain and obtain
marketing approvals for Recordati products in new territories.
The addition of new products via external acquisitions, which complements the Group’s internal efforts on
clinical development and LCM activities, was again a significant pillar of our growth. Indeed in July 2023
Recordati announced an agreement with GSK to commercialize Avodart (dutasteride) and
Combodart/Duodart (dutasteride/tamsulosin) in across 21 countries, mainly in Europe.
Details on key development programs related to both Business Unites are reported in the following sections.


PRODUCT DEVELOPMENT PIPELINE
Name                      Indication                                  Development status

REC 0559*                  Neurotrophic keratitis                     Phase II enrolment completed. Topline
                                                                      results expected in mid 2024
REC 0545                   Acute decompensation episodes in maple     Filing in EU in 2023
                           syrup urine disease (MSUD) or leucinosis
ISTURISA®                  Endogenous Cushing’s syndrome/             Approved in the US, Europe, Switzerland,
                           Cushing’s disease                          Australia, Israel and Japan.
                                                                      Filed in other countries.
                                                                      Work on‐going to support potential label
                                                                      extension to Cushing’s Syndrome in US
pasireotide                Post‐Bariatric Hypoglycaemia               Phase II enrolment initiated in 2024

CYSTADROPS®                Corneal cystine crystal deposits in        Approved in the US and Europe.
                           patients with cystinosis                   Development of new formulations in the
                                                                      US and EU
CARBAGLU®                  Hyperammonemia due to NAGS                 Approved in China
                           deficiency and to the main organic
                           acidemias




                                                                                                                 21
                                                                                RESEARCH & DEVELOPMENT




Name                     Indication                                 Development status

QARZIBA®                 Treatment of high‐risk neuroblastoma       Approved in the EU, UK, Australia, Brazil,
                         patients who achieved at least a partial   China Hong Kong, Israel, Russia and
                         response at the chemotherapeutical         Taiwan.
                         induction, followed by myeloablative       The Group is working on addressing the
                         therapy and stem cell transplantation,     FDA’s comments from the Type C meeting
                         and of patients with relapsed or           in November 2023 and is planning further
                         refractory neuroblastoma                   interactions in H1 2024 with the FDA.
                                                                    The dossier is under review in Switzerland
SYLVANT®                 Treatment of idiopathic Multicentric       Approved in over 40 countries including
                         Castleman Disease (iMCD)                   EU, US and China.
                                                                    Potential indication expansion evaluation
                                                                    ongoing
* In‐licensed from Mimetech




                                                                                                                22
                                                                                    RESEARCH & DEVELOPMENT




TREATMENTS FOR RARE DISEASES
Signifor®/Signifor® LAR (pasireotide) and Isturisa® (osilodrostat)
During 2019, universal rights were acquired from Novartis for Signifor® and Signifor® LAR for the treatment
of Cushing’s disease and Acromegaly in adult patients when surgery is not indicated or when surgery has
failed, as well as Isturisa® (osilodrostat), an innovative oral administration treatment. Isturisa® received
European approval in January 2020 for Cushing’s syndrome, U.S. approval in March 2020 for Cushing’s
disease, with further approvals for Cushing’s syndrome in Switzerland in October 2020, Japan in March 2021,
Australia in May 2022 and Israeli in December 2022. During 2022, the transfer of sponsorship from Novartis
to Recordati AG was completed on a number of global trials involving the above‐mentioned products,
including:
 a global interventional study with Signifor® and Signifor® LAR (SOM230B2412)
 an observational study (PASS) with Signifor® (SOM230B2410)
 a global interventional study with Isturisa® (CLCI699C2X01B)
 a pediatric study with Isturisa® (CLCI699C2203).
Recordati made a significant effort to register Isturisa® in other countries and is working on the possible
extension of the current indications, including the potential future extension to Cushing’s syndrome in the
U.S. Within this context, a retrospective observational study (LINC‐7) commenced in France in 2022 to assess
the safety and effectiveness of Isturisa® for the treatment of patients with non‐Cushing’s disease Cushing’s
syndrome.
Furthermore, a non‐interventional study (LINC6) is being conducted in patients with endogenous Cushing's
syndrome who are already being treated with osilodrostat, alone or in combination with other therapies.

pasireotide
In alignment with our internal strategic objectives related to clinical development and the life cycle
management (LCM) activities, a new LCM program was initiated in 2023, with the planning of a Phase II study
on pasireotide s.c. for the treatment of patients with Post‐Bariatric Hypoglycemia (PBH). The IND
(Investigational New Drug) submission to the FDA, and first site activation was achieved in 2023, and have
initiated screening in 2024.

Carbaglu® (carglumic acid)
This product is an orphan drug approved in the European Union by the European Commission and in the U.S.
by the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for the treatment of hyperammonemia due to N‐Acetyl
Glutamate Synthase (NAGS) deficiency. NAGS deficiency is an extremely rare inherited metabolic disorder
affecting the urea cycle which leads to accumulation of ammonia in the blood. If not adequately and quickly
treated, NAGS‐D can cause irreversible brain damage, coma, and eventually death. Carbaglu® provides
specific treatment for this genetic disorder, treating the patient’s lifelong disorder. Carbaglu® is also indicated
in the European Union, US and Canada to treat hyperammonemia due to the three main organic acidemias
(OAs): isovaleric acidemia, methylmalonic acidemia and propionic acidemia.
During 2023, recruitment into the PRospective Observational study of long‐TErm carglumic acid for the
Treatment of PA and MMA study (PROTECT), continued.

Cystadrops® (cysteamine hydrochloride)
Nephropathic cystinosis is a congenital disorder which affects all the body’s organs. Currently, the oral
administration of cysteamine (Cystagon®) is the only specific treatment that reduces the accumulation of
cystine in various organs and tissues. Special focus is given to cystinosis when it affects the eyes. If quick,
continuous and proper treatment is not received, cystine crystals accumulate in the cornea causing visual
complications such as photophobia (sensitivity to light), retinal damage, ulcerations and degenerative
infections that can lead to corneal erosion and consequent blindness. Whereas Cystagon® has a limited effect
on the ocular manifestation of the condition due to the absence of corneal vascularization, Cystadrops® are
gel‐based eye drops containing cysteamine chlorhydrate, developed by Recordati for the specific treatment



                                                                                                                23
                                                                                 RESEARCH & DEVELOPMENT




of this condition. This treatment acts directly on the accumulations of cystine crystals in the eyes and
therefore reduces and eventually eliminates the crystals, improving the symptoms. Cystadrops® is marketed
in European Union countries and in the U.S.A., where approval has been granted by the FDA.
Currently, new innovative formulations of Cystadrops® are being developed to better meet patient needs.
During 2023 the interventional study assessing the safety of Cystadrops® in pediatric cystinosis patients from
6 months to less than 2 years old, was completed. Treatment with Cystadrops® was shown to be safe and
well‐tolerated as no SAEs and no SADRs related to Cystadrops® were reported in this study. No new safety
signals were detected during the study.
In addition, the Post‐Authorization Safety Study to assess the safety of Cystadrops® in paediatric and adult
cystinosis patients in long term use completed enrolment in February. With 5 years of follow‐up, the group
expects results in 2028.

Qarziba® (dinutuximab beta)
The product, acquired in 2022 through the acquisition of EUSA Pharma, is anti‐ganglioside‐D2 (GD2) mAb
licensed and commercialized for the treatment of high‐risk neuroblastoma patients aged 12 months and
above, who achieved at least a partial response at the chemotherapeutical induction, followed by
myeloablative therapy and stem cell transplantatiom as well as patients with relapsed or refractory
neuroblastoma. Qarziba® is supplied globally and approved in the EU, UK, Israel, Australia, Brazil, China, Hong
Kong, Russia and Taiwan. Neuroblastoma is a rare cancer that originates in the nervous system. It is the most
common extracranial solid tumour diagnosed in children under 15 years of age, comprising around 7% of all
childhood cancers. Around 50% of patients are diagnosed with high‐risk neuroblastoma and this has the
worst prognosis. When used as maintenance therapy, Qarziba has demonstrated a significant improvement
in five‐year overall survival. Discussions are ongoing with the FDA around potential regulatory path to bring
dinutuximab beta to patients in US, following FDA’s comments from the Type C meeting in November 2023.

Sylvant® (siltuximab)
The product is an anti‐interleukin‐6 (IL‐6) mAb licensed and commercialized for the treatment of idiopathic
Multicentric Castleman Disease (iMCD). Sylvant® is supplied globally and approved in over 40 countries
including EU, US and China.
Castleman Disease is a rare disease that affects the lymphatic system and Multi‐centric Castleman Disease
(MCD) is a sub‐type of Castleman Disease. Being ‘idiopathic’ means that the cause of your MCD is not known.
Only between 3 and 4 people among every million in the general population are diagnosed with iMCD each
year. It can affect anyone – males, females, adults and children, although most people with iMCD are above
the age of 45. Sylvant® is the only IL‐6 targeted therapy approved and recommended for iMCD, with the aim
to support a durable tumour and symptomatic response.
In 2023, research activities have been conducted to explore new options to develop siltuximab in other IL‐6
driven diseases.

REC 0559
In June 2017, Recordati and Recordati Rare Diseases (formerly Orphan Europe) signed an exclusive license
agreement with MimeTech, an Italian development company founded by scientists from the University of
Florence, to develop and subsequently market a human nerve growth factor (NGF) peptidomimetic for the
treatment of neurotrophic keratitis, on a global level. Neurotrophic keratitis is a rare degenerative corneal
disease caused by an impairment of the trigeminal nerve. In its more severe forms, it affects less than one
person out of 10,000. The progression of the disease can result in corneal ulcers and perforation with a
dramatic impact on the patient’s vision. The global phase 2 trial targeting 108 patients has completed
enrolment in February 2024, and topline results expected mid 2024.

REC 0545
Leucinosis or maple syrup urine disease (MSUD) is a rare metabolic disorder affecting branched‐chain amino
acids (leucine, isoleucine and valine) caused by a build‐up of these amino acids and the corresponding
metabolites.



                                                                                                            24
                                                                                RESEARCH & DEVELOPMENT




Based on results from a retrospective clinical study on patients suffering from Maple syrup urine disease
(MSUD), and formulation work a file was submitted in the EU in 2023.


SPECIALTY & PRIMARY CARE SEGMENT
The main research and development activities in the Specialty and Primary Care segment during 2023 are
summarized in the paragraphs below.

Eligard® (leuprorelin acetate)
Following the approval granted by the Reference Member State (Germany) in late 2022, the variation to
introduce the improved administration device (now consisting of preconnected syringes to ease the
administration procedure) was approved in 2003 in most of the countries where the product is registered
and marketed. The same variation has been rolled‐out in the remaining countries in 2023. Additional
variations to ensure supply continuity were submitted in 2023 and approved early 2024.
A large prospective real‐life observational clinical study has started in France to evaluate the efficacy and
tolerability of leuprorelin acetate 22.5 mg (3‐month) and 45 mg (6‐month) in daily medical practice. The study
included over 700 patients. Results are being analyzed, publication planned.
In addition, the “REC study” (Retrospective analysis on the use of Eligard® and other ADT medications in
Clinical practice), an RWE study in over 200 patients, performed in Italy and Spain, was initiated and
completed. Results confirm the data reported in the literature for the treatment of patients with prostate
cancer: in particular, they suggest that frequent monitoring of testosterone levels during androgen‐
deprivation therapy (ADT) can be advisable for better management of these patients.
Data were presented to the investigators and will be used for scientific communication purposes. Publication
expected in 2024.

Zanidip®/Zanipress® (lercanidipine/ lercanidipine-enalapril)
In June 2023, the Marketing Authorisations of Zanidip® 10mg and 20mg film coated tablets in Austria have
been transferred to Recordati Ireland Ltd and the local distributor of Zanidip® 10mg and 20mg film coated
tablets and Zanipril® 10mg/10mg, 20mg/10mg and 20mg/20mg film coated tablets changed from KWIZDA
Pharma GmbH to Recordati Austria GmbH.

Seloken®/Seloken® ZOK (metoprolol) and Logimax® (metoprolol + felodipine)
In June 2023, the distributor of Beloc® for injection, Beloc® tablets 50 and 100 mg and Seloken® retard 47.5
and 95 mg prolonged‐release tablets in Austria has been changed from KWIZDA Pharma GmbH to Recordati
Austria GmbH. In addition, during 2023 CMC variations affecting the manufacturing process of API
metoprolol tartrate has been approved for Beloken® 100 mg tablets and Beloken® 1 mg/ml solution for
injection in Spain,variations to extend the shelf‐life to 5 years has been approved in Netherlands and
submitted in Ireland and United Kingdom, for Seloken ampoules and several administrative changes
concerning the manufacturing sites of AstraZeneca AB in Sweden at Gartunavagen (finished product
manufacturer) and Forskargatan (drug substance manufacturer) has been approved for all the Marketing
Authorizations of Seloken, Seloken® Zoc and Logimax® in Europe, Albania, Switzerland and the United
Kingdom.

Reagila® (cariprazine)
Trials continue aimed at demonstrating the efficacy and safety of cariprazine in adolescents (13‐17), with a
significant slowdown recorded in patient recruitment due to the effects of the COVID‐19 pandemic and the
Russian‐Ukrainian war.
Reagila has been launched in the Tunisian market from Opalia in November 2023.
The marketing authorizations of Reagila® 1.5 mg, 3 mg, 4.5 mg, 6 mg hard capsules have been suspended in
Türkiye in August 2023 and the rights in Algeria are being returned to Gedeon Richter who will continue the
registration application.




                                                                                                           25
                                                                                  RESEARCH & DEVELOPMENT




The variation for the inclusion of the indication for mania and bipolar depression has been withdrawn in
Switzerland in September 2023, while the variation to update the Summary of Product Characteristics and
Package Leaflet and the risk management plan with the results of Carola study (RGH‐188‐302) concerning
the interaction between cariprazine and oral contraceptive ethinyl estradiol and levonorgestrel has been
approved in December 2023.
A variation to update the Summary of Product Characteristics and Package Leaflet of Reagila® in Europe with
the results of Cypress study (RGH‐188‐301) concerning the interaction between cariprazine and erythomycin
has been submitted to EMA by Gedeon Richter in August 2023.

Zoryon® (methadone)
Work continued in 2023 on the commitments undertaken with the French Authority at the time that the
Zoryon® approval was issued for the treatment of moderate and severe oncological pain in patients who do
not respond adequately to other opioids. According to French Health Authorities, the patient inclusions were
completed by the end of December 2023, with a total of 136 patients included for the real‐life observational
study to describe cancer pain management with methadone (Zoryon®) in patients not adequately relieved
by other opioids.

Lomexin® (fenticonazole)
Fenticonazole is a topical antimycotic drug with a broad spectrum of action originated by Recordati. A
number of different projects were conducted in support of the development of the product, given its increase
in sales and the potential associated with its change of status from prescription to over‐the‐counter in various
European countries as well as the scientific evidence supporting the fenticonazole molecule as a treatment
for vaginal infections with different etiology.
The change from prescription only to over‐the‐counter for 600 mg vaginal capsules has been approved in
Belarus, Bosnia and Bulgaria while for 2% vaginal cream is under assessment in Belgium and Kazakhstan.
A variation to extend the indication to the treatment of mixed infections with gram positive bacteria has
been approved for Lomexin® 600 mg vaginal capsules and Lomexin® 2% vaginal cream in Czech Republic and
for Lomexin® 200 mg and 600 mg vaginal capsule, soft in Latvia.
The variation has been submitted for the national registrations of 2% vaginal cream, 200 mg and 600 mg
vaginal capsule, soft in Lithuania and for DCP procedure in Belgium, Croatia, Cyprus, Denmark, Estonia,
Luxembourg, Netherlands and Slovenia.
The antifungal activity of Lomexin® against susceptible and resistant strains of biofilm forming Candida has
been evaluated in collaboration with the Sacred Heart Catholic University of Rome. The study has
demonstrated that Lomexin® reduces significantly cell viability of susceptible and resistant Candida species
in biofilms at therapeutically viable concentrations.
In addition, the activity of Lomexin® against topical and visceral form of leishmania have been determined in
collaboration with the University of Milan. Leishmaniasis is a parasitic condition classified as a neglected
tropical disease (tropical infections that are particularly common in low‐income populations in developing
regions of Africa, Asia and the Americas).

Livazo® (pitavastatin)
Pitavastatin is indicated for the reduction of elevated total cholesterol (TC) and LDL cholesterol (LDL‐C) in
adults, adolescents and children aged 6 years or older with primary hypercholesterolemia, including
heterozygous familial hypercholesterolemia, and combined (mixed) dyslipidemia, when the response to diet
and other non‐pharmacological measures is inadequate.
The Summary of Product Characteristics and Package Leaflet of all the European registrations belonging to
the DCP Procedures PT/H/2350/001‐003/DC (Livazo) PT/H/2351/001‐003/DC (Alipza) and PT/H/2441/001‐
003/DC (Pitavastatin Jaba) and national registrations in Belarus, Russia, Türkiye and Switzerland have been
updated to implement the PRAC recommendation on Myasthenia.
The renewal of the marketing authorization of Livazo® 1, 2, 4 mg film‐coated tablets have been submitted in
Armenia and Kazakhstan.




                                                                                                             26
                                                                         RESEARCH & DEVELOPMENT




Proctoglyvenol® (tribenoside + lidocaine)
The marketing authorisations of Procto‐Glyvenol® 5% +2 % rectal cream and 400 mg + 40 mg suppository
have been approved according to the new Eurasian Economic Union regulation in Russia in July 2023 and
December 2023, respectively.




                                                                                                  27
                   RESEARCH & DEVELOPMENT




PRODUCTION SITES




                                            28
                                                                                        PRODUCTION SITES




PRODUCTION SITES
Recordati’s production sites are equipped with state‐of‐the‐art installations and their
research laboratories are fitted with the latest equipment. All plants operate in full
compliance with environmental protection regulations and in compliance with the
cGMP (current Good Manufacturing Practices).




                                                                  7      Pharmaceutical manufacturing
                                                                         plants




                                                                  1
                                                                         Packaging and distribution center
                                                                         dedicated to products
                                                                         for rare diseases



                                                                  2      Pharmaceutical chemical
                                                                         plants




PHARMACEUTICAL MANUFACTURING PLANTS

Italy
The Milan site occupies a surface area of around 5,000 sq. m., built vertically over a number of floors for a
total of 21,000 sq. m. and produces around 67 million units per year. It is specialized in the manufacturing
and packaging of solid oral forms, liquids, and semisolids for topical use. Recordati has undertaken a
restructuring project in certain production areas, including the installation of a new blister packaging line,
which has been added to the 5 already in place. The new line has been operational since the beginning of
2023 increasing significantly the production capacity.
Certain corporate products are manufactured at the Milan site (lercanidipine, enalapril + lercanidipine,
silodosin, tribenoside, pitavastatin and metoprolole. In the case of these two latter, only packaging is done)
for all the markets where they are sold.




                                                                                                             29
                                                                                            PRODUCTION SITES




France
The plant at Saint Victor covers a surface of 6,750 sq. m. and produces up to around 30 million units per year.
It is specialized in the production and packaging of liquid, solid oral and spray formulations. Certain corporate
products are manufactured at the French site (Abufene®, Hexaspray® and Hexalise®) for all the markets
where they are sold.


Spain
The Spanish plant is situated near Zaragoza covering a surface area of 7,100 sq. m. and produces around 24
million units a year. It is specialized in the production and packaging of solid and liquid oral and topical
formulations. In particular, the plant manufactures a line of gastroenterological products; furthermore a
packaging ‐line was installed and approved few years ago for the packaging of tablets in bottles.
In relation to the Group's environmental commitment, the project to install a photovoltaic solar panel system
with the capacity to generate up to 185 kWh of electricity for self‐consumption has been successfully
completed; in 2023, a new project for increasing the capacity up to 470 kWh within the next two years has
been started.


Türkiye
The Turkish site is in Çerkezköy, Türkiye, built on 45,000 sq. m. of land, and covering approximately 11,300
sq. m.. It currently produces around 70 million units per year of solid oral and liquid formulations and
products for topical use, of which 25% are for other pharmaceutical companies. The project for the
installation of a new liquid line has started in 2023 and will allow to significantly increase the production
capacity from 2025. The Çerkezköy plant, in addition to the Turkish market, is authorized to produce
medicines for the European Union, Azerbaijan, Libya, Kenya, the Russian Federation, Kyrgyzstan and
Kazakhstan.
In relation to the Group’s environmental commitment, the project to install a photovoltaic solar panel system
with the capacity to generate up to 476 kWh of electricity for self‐consumption has already started in 2023
and will be completed in 2024.


Tunisia
The plant is situated in Ariana, near Tunis. It covers an area of around 9,100 sq. m. and produces around 18
million units a year of liquid, semi‐solid and oral solid forms for the local market and for some of the countries
in the Arabian Peninsula. Certified GMP compliant, the manufacturing site was approved by the Gulf Health
Council and the Saudi Food and Drug Authority.
During 2023 a project to expand the existing warehouse has been started.
In relation to the Group’s environmental commitment, the project to install a photovoltaic solar panel system
with the capacity to generate up to 1200 kWh of electricity for self‐consumption has already started in 2023
and will be completed in 2025.


Switzerland
The facility, acquired in 2022 in the context of agreements with Novartis for the acquisition of the rights to
Signifor, are located in the north‐western part of Switzerland, Basel (within the Novartis Campus). The plant
is covering an area of approx. 1500 sq.m. Since the successful qualification in 2012 and GMP certification by
Swissmedic, it is used for commercial production of Signifor® LAR Bulk – a specialized drug product used for
the treatment of Acromegaly and Cushing’s disease.


Czech Republic
The plant, situated in Pardubice, produces creams, gels and ointments for a total of around 2 million units
per year.



                                                                                                               30
                                                                                           PRODUCTION SITES




PACKAGING AND DISTRIBUTION CENTER DEDICATED TO PRODUCTS
FOR RARE DISEASES
A packaging and distribution site in Nanterre, near Paris, exclusively destined to products for the treatment
of rare diseases is in operation. It occupies a surface area of 1,600 sq. m. and is entirely dedicated to the
secondary packaging, storage and shipping of rare disease products. The site delivers, upon short notice,
more than 27,000 orders annually to more than 60 countries worldwide thanks to its highly qualified staff
and a modern GDP (Good Distribution Practices) certified logistics platform.


PHARMACEUTICAL CHEMICAL PLANTS

Italy
The Campoverde di Aprilia plant in Italy mainly supplies the active ingredients used in the preparation of the
various pharmaceutical specialties produced by the Company but is also an established independent
producer of a number of active and intermediate ingredients for the international pharmaceutical industry.
It is one of the most important producers in the world of verapamil HCl, phenytoin, papaverine HCl,
dimenhydrinate, tribenoside and manidipine 2HCl. Other pharmaceutical chemicals are produced on behalf
of important pharmaceutical companies. The plant was one of the first European facilities to undergo
inspections by the American Food and Drug Administration (FDA). The United States has become and
continues to be the primary outlet market for its production. The Campoverde site extends over
approximately 375,000 sq. m., with an operational area of 35,000 sq. m., and produces approximately 600
MT/year of finished goods with approximately 4,000 MT/year of semi‐finished goods handled internally.
High‐tech systems are employed for the management of particularly delicate processes such as reactions
using cyanides, high pressure hydrogenations, dehydrogenations, methylations, chlorine methylations,
halogenations or those which involve substances which require very stringent safety measures.
Investments have been made to enhance the technological and production capacity of the plant, which over
the last ten years have installed more than 25 new reactors, a latest‐generation three‐stage distillation unit
for high‐temperature unstable liquids, 2 thin film evaporators and 4 filters for the isolation of solid products,
3 centrifuges and an anti‐acid drier. From the perspective of continual improvement, important upgrades
were also carried out in the intermediates and active ingredients’ discharge and packaging areas.
A vast range of technologies, skills and expertise in the field of organic synthesis is employed, making it
possible to quickly and effectively develop new processes for the production of active ingredients, from their
synthesis to purification and finishing, through the various research stages, scale up and final
industrialization. The Research & Development laboratories are fitted with the latest equipment such as a
high containment HP‐API pharmaceutical isolator (glove box) and a micro reactor for the development of
new continuous production processes. An extremely versatile pilot plant is also available, equipped for the
small‐scale production of active ingredients, in accordance with cGMP (current Good Manufacturing
Practice). During 2021, significant investments were made to expand the Pilot System in terms of technology,
with the establishment of a plant to manage reactions at extremely low temperatures (‐80°C) and to isolate
high‐containment products. The plant operates in compliance with current Good Manufacturing Practice
(cGMP) and is regularly inspected by national and international authorities such as AIFA (Agenzia Italiana del
Farmaco), the FDA (Food and Drug Administration), ANVISA (the Brazilian agency), PMDA (the Japanese
Ministry of Health), and the KFDA (Korean Food and Drug Administration). The plant’s environmental
management system has been certified according to the UNI EN ISO 14001:2015 standards by Det Norske
Veritas Italia (DNV), an internationally accredited body, and is inspected on an annual basis.
In 2022 the technology transfer of osilodrostat, Isturisa’s API, manufacturing process has been completed.
Three validation batches have been flawlessly manufactured and regulatory file has been submitted to the




                                                                                                              31
                                                                                        PRODUCTION SITES




Authorities. Process and plant have been audited by Italian Minister of Health in the same year and the
manufacturing license was granted in 2023, with the GMP certificate update.
At the Campoverde di Aprilia site, in order to promote an approach aimed at the circular economy that
reduces waste and the use of natural resources, various initiatives to recover and re‐use chemical raw
materials used in production processes were analysed. Specifically, with the new contribution of the recovery
of palladium from the flavoxate process, since 2022, the Group has been able to recover at least 55% of the
palladium used in all processes. At the Campoverde plant, Recordati has also started a three‐year project
aimed to the installation of a 10 MW photovoltaic power generation facility and to the downsizing of the
methane‐based cogeneration unit currently operated. These measures will provide a significant reduction of
the Recordati group carbon footprint.


Ireland
To guarantee adequate and continuous supplies of the active ingredient lercanidipine, in 2005, a new and
dedicated plant was constructed in Cork, Ireland. This facility boasts automated process control systems
which ensure constant high‐quality production. The plant is certified according to cGMP (current Good
Manufacturing Practice) standards and covers a surface area of around 43,000 sq. m, with an installed area
of 8,300 sq. m. The continuous commitment to reduce and improve the use of energy was recognized in 2012
with the National Energy Efficiency Award, which is promoted by the Sustainable Energy Authority of Ireland
(SEAI), and in 2013 by the European Energy Efficiency Award, promoted by the Chemical European Federation
Industry Council (CEFIC). In 2016, the site was extended, enlarging the two buildings housing the
administration and quality control laboratories. Photovoltaic panels for the generation of electricity were
installed in 2022 for a total area of 1,100 sqm providing 10% of the site electricity demand.




                                                                                                           32
                     ATTIVITÀ OPERATIVE E FINANZIARIE 2022




REVIEW OF OPERATIONS
AND FINANCIAL ACTIVITIES
2023
                                                                       REVIEW OF OPERATIONS AND FINANCIAL ACTIVITIES 2023




FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS
NET REVENUE
€ (thousands)                                             2023               %                 2022               %         Changes             %
                                                                                                                          2023/2022
TOTAL                                              2,082,331            100.0            1,853,307           100.0              229,024      12.4
Italy                                                317,144             15.2              277,322            15.0               39,822      14.4
International                                      1,765,187             84.8            1,575,985            85.0              189,202      12.0


KEY CONSOLIDATED P&L DATA
€ (thousands)                                           2023              %                  2022              %            Changes             %
                                                                 of revenue                           of revenue          2023/2022
Net revenue                                       2,082,331             100.0          1,853,307            100.0               229,024      12.4
EBITDA(1)                                           769,631              37.0            672,750             36.3                96,881      14.4
Operating income                                    558,008              26.8            437,326             23.6               120,682      27.6
Adjusted operating income (2)                       626,593              30.1            536,060             28.9                90,533      16.9
Net income                                          389,214              18.7            312,336             16.9                76,878      24.6
Adjusted net income(3)                              524,591              25.2            473,306             25.5                51,285      10.8
(1) Net income before income taxes, financial income and expenses, depreciation, amortization and write‐downs of property, plant and equipment,
    intangible assets and goodwill, non‐recurring items and non‐cash charges arising from the allocation of the purchase price of EUSA Pharma to the
    gross margin of acquired inventory according to IFRS 3.
(2) Net income before income taxes, financial income and expenses and non‐recurring items, non‐cash charges arising from the allocation of the
    purchase price of EUSA Pharma to the gross margin of acquired inventory according to IFRS 3.
(3) Net income excluding the amortization and write‐downs of intangible assets (except software) and goodwill, non‐recurring items, non‐cash
    charges arising from the allocation of the purchase price of EUSA Pharma to the gross margin of acquired inventory pursuant to IFRS 3, and
    monetary net gains/losses from hyperinflation (IAS 29), net of tax effects.


KEY CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEET DATA
€ (thousands)                                                               31 December           31 December               Changes             %
                                                                                   2023                  2022             2023/2022
Net financial position(4)                                                      (1,579,424)           (1,419,909)            (159,515)        11.2
Shareholders’ equity                                                             1,686,392             1,546,248              140,144         9.1
(4) Cash and cash equivalents, less bank debts and loans, which include the measurement at fair value of hedging derivatives.


PER SHARE DATA
€                                                                                     2023                  2022           Changes              %
                                                                                                                         2023/2022
Net income(5)                                                                        1.893                 1.519                (0.374)     24.6
Shareholders’ equity                                                                 8.186                 7.526                  0.660      8.8
Dividends(6)                                                                          1.20                  1.15                   0.05      4.3
SHARES OUTSTANDING:
Year average                                                                205,634,136             205,582,127
At 31 December                                                              206,006,112             205,441,123
(5) Net income per share is based on average shares outstanding during the year net of average treasury shares. Shareholders’ equity per share is
    based on total shares outstanding at year end. Shares outstanding are net of treasury shares, amounting to 3,119,044 shares at 31 December
    2023 and 3,684,033 shares at 31 December 2022. Average treasury shares amounted to 3,491,022 shares in 2023 and 3,543,029 shares in 2022.
(6) The amount for 2023 was proposed by the Board of Directors.




                                                                                                                                                34
                                                                   REVIEW OF OPERATIONS AND FINANCIAL ACTIVITIES 2023




Consolidated net revenue for FY 2023 was € 2,082.3 million, up 12.4% versus FY 2022 or +14.0% on a like‐
for‐like(1) basis at CER (+9.6% excluding Türkiye), at the high end of the guidance range upgraded in May 2023.
This was driven by strong business momentum across both Specialty & Primary Care and Rare Diseases, which
continued to grow at double‐digit levels (at constant exchange rate). The adverse impact of FX, which
increased in H2 2023, was € 99.9 million (‐5.4%) for the full year, mainly affecting Specialty & Primary Care;
of this € 60.1 million was driven by the devaluation of the Turkish lira, which was compensated by higher
price inflation.
Specialty & Primary Care revenue totaled € 1,313.6 million in FY 2023, growing 8.7% or 13.6% on a like‐for‐
like(2) basis at CER as compared to FY 2022 (6.6% excluding Türkiye); Avodart® and Combodart®/Duodart®,
following completion of the commercialization agreement with GSK in July 2023 and the transfer of the
activities to the main markets, contributed revenue of € 25.6 million in relevant markets(3), ahead of
expectations thanks to the fast and successful transition in most territories. Eligard® and other key promoted
products continued to grow ahead of the market, with robust sales of cough and cold medicines, following
an exceptionally strong performance in the first half of the year and normalizing in the second half (with
decline in Q4 also reflecting FX headwind).
Rare Diseases revenue totaled € 714.7 million in FY 2023, up 20.0% or 14.9% on a like‐for‐like(4) basis at CER
compared to FY 2022, driven by key growth franchises Oncology and Endocrinology. 2023 reflected the first
full year contribution from the Oncology franchise, with net revenue of € 200.9 million, growing by 15.2% on
a pro‐forma basis(4), significantly ahead of the EUSA Pharma acquisition business case thanks to strong
performance of both Sylvant® and Qarziba®. Performance of the sector for the year also reflects continued
growth of Signifor® and Isturisa® (sales totaling € 242.3 million, up 41.0% versus FY 2022), as well as continued
resilient sales of the Metabolic franchise, with good growth of Panhematin® and Ledaga® offsetting the impact
of generic competition on Carbaglu® in the US and Europe.
EBITDA was € 769.6 million for FY 2023, up 14.4% as compared to FY 2022, and 37.0% of net revenue (versus
36.3% of full year 2022), reflecting strong operating leverage and continued cost discipline.
Adjusted operating income was € 626.6 million for FY 2023, up 16.9% over the previous year, and 30.1% of
net revenue, reflecting strong revenue growth and continued efficiency initiatives that have offset inflation.
Operating income was € 558.0 million in FY 2023, up 27.6% over the previous year, absorbing gross margin‐
related non‐cash charges, arising from the unwind of the fair value step up of the acquired rare oncology
inventory, of € 58.9 million (versus € 49.8 million in 2022). Non‐recurring costs were € 9.6 million, significantly
reduced versus € 48.9 million in 2022, and reflect mainly the continued rightsizing of sales activities of
Specialty & Primary Care and residual integration costs of EUSA Pharma.
Adjusted net income was € 524.6 million for FY 2023, above the guidance range, up 10.8% over the previous
year, and 25.2% of net revenue, benefitting from both the positive operating performance and a lower tax
rate, with Financial expenses at € 67.0 million, up by € 31.1 million compared to the previous year, driven by
higher interest expenses partially offset by FX gains (gains of € 2.2 million in 2023 versus € 5.8 million losses
in 2022).
Net income was € 389.2 million for FY 2023, up 24.6% over the previous year, at 18.7% of net revenue, driven
by the strong operating performance and lower non‐recurring expenses versus 2022.
The net financial position as of 31st December 2023 was € 1,579.4 million, or leverage of approximately 1.96x
EBITDA(5), compared to net debt of € 1,419.9 million on 31st December 2022. During FY 2023, an upfront
payment of € 245.0 million was paid to GSK for the sales and distribution agreement to commercialize
Avodart® (dutasteride) and Combodart®/Duodart® (dutasteride/tamsulosin) and € 70.0 million to Tolmar
International Ltd. after approval of the variation for the new device to administer Eligard®. In addition, there

(1) Pro‐forma growth calculated adding Q1 2022 revenue of EUSA Pharma and excluding FY 2023 revenue of Avodart® and Combodart®/Duodart®.
(2) Pro‐forma growth calculated excluding FY 2023 revenue of Avodart® and Combodart®/Duodart®.
(3) Trademarks are owned by or licensed to the GSK group of companies. Transition of Avodart® and Combodart® / Duodart® commercialization to
Recordati has been completed in the following markets: Austria, Belgium, Czech Republic, Finland, France, Germany, Greece, Ireland, Italy,
Luxembourg, Poland, Portugal, Spain, Sweden, Switzerland, UK.
(4) Pro‐forma growth calculated adding Q1 2022 revenue of EUSA Pharma.
(5) Pro‐forma, assuming contribution of Avodart® and Combodart®/Duodart® for twelve months.




                                                                                                                                        35
                                                                      REVIEW OF OPERATIONS AND FINANCIAL ACTIVITIES 2023




were $ 20 million of residual Isturisa® milestones paid to Novartis. Total dividends of € 245.9 million were
paid in the year.
Free cash flow, operating cash flow excluding financing items, milestones, dividends, and purchases of
treasury shares net of proceeds from the exercise of stock options, was € € 456.0 million for FY 2023, an
increase of € 17.0 million versus the previous year, absorbing working capital growth driven by higher volume
of business and higher interest payments.
Shareholders’ equity as of 31st December 2023 was € 1,686.4 million.
Beyond the strong financial performance for the year, in 2023 the Group made significant progress on a
number of initiatives, in line with its strategy, which provide a strong foundation for continued growth in the
future.
On 20th July 2023, Recordati announced an agreement with GSK to commercialize Avodart® (dutasteride) and
Combodart®/Duodart® (dutasteride/tamsulosin) across 21 countries, mainly in Europe, excluding only those
where GSK already has a sales and distribution agreement in place. Recordati made an upfront payment of
€ 245 million.
Avodart® and Combodart®/Duodart® are marketed products, presented as oral form (capsules), indicated for
the treatment of moderate to severe symptoms of benign prostatic hyperplasia (BPH) and for the reduction
in the risk of acute urinary retention (AUR) and surgery in patients with moderate to severe symptoms of
BPH. Avodart® and Combodart®/Duodart® are leading and well‐established brands, post loss of exclusivity,
that enlarge and complete Recordati’s proven presence in the urology space, significantly reinforcing the
competitiveness of the Group’s portfolio. Both brands, which remain the property of GSK, are synergistic
with Recordati’s urology portfolio, complementing Urorec® and Eligard®. The two products have been
commercialized by GSK in the territories licensed to Recordati, with annual sales in 2022 in the region of
approximately € 115 million.
In December, Recordati completed the transition of commercialization in all key markets(6), which
contributed € 25.6 million in FY 2023 to the Group’s net revenue. Total FY 2023 sales of the products in
relevant territories, including those made by GSK prior to transitions, was approximately € 120 million. As
previously announced, the deal is expected to be accretive in 2024.
Expansion of the Group’s rare disease footprint in China continues to progress. On 28th September 2023, the
Isturisa® New Drug Application (NDA) was submitted to the Chinese agency. This follows approval, on 27th
June 2023, of the Marketing Authorization for Carbaglu®, with first commercial sales achieved at the end of
2023.
As part of the development and regulatory path for the registration of Qarziba® in the United States, the
Company is working on addressing the FDA’s comments from the Type C meeting in November 2023 and is
planning further interactions in H1 2024 with the FDA.
As for ongoing clinical trials, Recordati has initiated patient screening for the phase II study for pasireotide
for the treatment of post‐bariatric hypoglycemia. The Group has also completed enrollment of the global
phase II study of REC 0559 for the treatment of neurotrophic keratitis and expects the top‐line data readout
in mid‐2024.
Recordati’s focus and efforts in driving the group’s ESG strategy were recognized in 2023 by the main ESG
indices and ratings. The inclusion in the FTSE4GOOD Index series was reconfirmed alongside the “Platinum”
rating by EcoVadis. MSCI ESG Research confirmed Recordati’s A rating and the Group was rated C+ with Prime
status by ISS ESG, awarded to companies with a leading sustainability performance in their industry. In
addition, Recordati received a “Robust” ESG Assessment from Moody’s Analytics and is included in the MIB
ESG Index, promoted by Euronext and Borsa Italiana.


(6) Transition of Avodart® and Combodart® / Duodart® commercialisation to Recordati has been completed in the following markets: Austria, Belgium,
Czech Republic, Finland, France, Germany, Greece, Ireland, Italy, Luxembourg, Poland, Portugal, Spain, Sweden, Switzerland, UK.




                                                                                                                                              36
                                                      REVIEW OF OPERATIONS AND FINANCIAL ACTIVITIES 2023




Recordati has agreed key sustainability milestones as part of its € 400 million credit facility finalized in May
2023 with a pool of international relationship banks. The credit facility is thus linked to two ESG KPIs:
Environmental protection (Renewable Energy Installed Power Capacity) and Responsible sourcing (Suppliers’
Sustainability Audit). This represents another step forward in the Group's commitment to pursue a
sustainable growth model by integrating social and environmental aspects into its corporate strategy.




                                                                                                             37
                                REVIEW OF OPERATIONS AND FINANCIAL ACTIVITIES 2023




REVIEW OF OPERATIONS AND FINANCIAL ACTIVITIES 2023

REVIEW OF OPERATIONS




                                                                                     38
                                                            REVIEW OF OPERATIONS AND FINANCIAL ACTIVITIES 2023




The Group’s primary business involves the development, production and
commercialization of specialty medicines, including the production of active
ingredients and intermediates, mainly for internal use.

The Group’s pharmaceutical business includes two segments: Specialty and Primary Care and Rare Diseases.
Business is conducted through subsidiaries in Europe, Russia, Türkiye, North Africa, the United States of
America, Canada, Mexico, certain South American countries, Japan, Australia, New Zealand, China and South
Korea and, in the rest of the world, through licensing agreements with leading pharmaceutical companies.
Sales of specialty medicines represent 97.4% of the Group's total revenues.
Recordati also produces several active ingredients and intermediates in its two pharmaceutical chemical
production plants. These are mainly used in the production of some of the key products in the portfolio, but
in part are also sold externally to other pharmaceutical companies. The chemical plants focus on maintaining
maximum product quality, strengthening our presence in highly regulated markets (the United States, Europe
and Japan) and on constantly guaranteeing maximum safety standards, protecting the environment and
securing health and safety in the workplace. Sales of the Pharmaceutical Chemicals business represent 2.6%
of the Group's total revenues and are classified in the Specialty and Primary Care segment.
As already mentioned, total Consolidated Group revenue in 2023 was € 2,082.3 million, up by 12.4%
compared to the previous year or +14.0% on a like‐for‐like basis(1) and at constant exchange rates, and
includes € 25.6 million in the second half of 2023 for revenues of Avodart® and Combodart®/Duodart®
following completion of the new sales distribution agreement with GSK in July. Growth was driven by strong
business momentum across both Specialty & Primary Care and Rare Diseases, both of which grew at double‐
digit levels at CER, with stronger than expected FX headwinds in the later part of the year. The adverse impact
of FX on revenue was € 99.9 million (‐5.4%), mainly affecting Specialty & Primary Care, of which € 60.1 million
driven by the devaluation of the Turkish lira which was compensated by higher price inflation.


BREAKDOWN OF REVENUE

SPECIALTY AND PRIMARY CARE         65.7%                                                       RARE DISEASES   34.3%


                                   Cardiovascular 17.5%
                                                                           Metabolic 13.0%


                                                                                  Endocrinology 11.6%


               Other pharmaceuticals 15.0%
                                                                                   Oncology 9.6%

                                                                                  Chemicals 2.6%
                                   Urology 13.5%                               Cough and Cold 6.6%
                                                   Gastro & Intestinal 10.5%




(1) Pro‐forma growth calculated adding Q1 2022 revenue of EUSA Pharma and excluding Q3 and Q4 2023 revenue of Avodart® and
Combodart®/Duodart®.




                                                                                                                       39
                       REVIEW OF OPERATIONS AND FINANCIAL ACTIVITIES 2023




REVIEW OF OPERATIONS

SPECIALTY & PRIMARY CARE




                                                                            40
                                                                   REVIEW OF OPERATIONS AND FINANCIAL ACTIVITIES 2023




REVENUE BY THERAPEUTIC AREA
The table below shows Specialty & Primary Care revenue in 2023, broken down by therapeutic area,
compared to the previous year. The positive performance in Specialty and Primary Care reflects solid volume
growth in all segments, in particular Cough and Cold and Urology products, with Eligard® and other key
promoted products continuing to grow ahead of reference markets, and the effect of the significant price
increases in Türkiye (which were, however, offset by the significant impact of the devaluation in the Turkish
lira, reflected retrospectively from 1st January 2023 as required by IAS 21 for hyperinflationary economies in
conjunction with the application of IAS 29).

€ (thousands)                                                                     2023             2022             Changes              %
                                                                                                                  2023/2022
Cardiovascular                                                                365,213          351,854                 13,359          3.8
Urology                                                                       280,375          227,444                 52,930         23.3
Gastro‐Intestinal                                                             219,267          203,218                 16,049          7.9
Cough & Cold                                                                  137,121          125,505                 11,616          9.3
Other treatment areas                                                         311,604          300,626                 10,978          3.7
Total (excluding Pharmaceutical Chemicals)                                  1,313,580        1,208,647                104,933          8.7
Pharmaceutical Chemicals                                                       54,031           48,875                  5,156         10.5
Total                                                                       1,367,611        1,257,522                110,089          8.8

CARDIOVASCULAR
For over 20 years Recordati has been at the forefront of supporting patients with cardiovascular disease with
a wide portfolio of products and services in primary and secondary care including Zanidip® (lercanidipine)
and Zanipress® (lercanidipine and enalapril) a portfolio of anti‐hypertensive calcium channel blockers
discovered and developed entirely in the Recordati research laboratories and currently available in more
than 60 countries worldwide. Livazo® (pitavastatin) a latest‐generation statin indicated for the treatment of
dyslipidemia and metoprolol based products, a beta‐blocker mainly indicated to control a range of conditions
including hypertension, angina pectoris and cardiac rhythm disorders.
In 2023, sales reached € 365.2 million, showing growth of 3.8% compared to the previous year mainly driven
by lercanidipine sales, in both direct markets and to international distributors, also with continued strong
uptake of Reselip® in France.

UROLOGY and URO-ONCOLOGY
Recordati is also a recognised partner in Urology, providing therapeutic solutions for both men’s and
women’s health including prostate cancer, benign prostatic hyperplasia (BPH), over‐active bladder (OAB) and
infection related diseases. The portfolio of products includes Eligard® (leuprorelin acetate), a depot
formulation for subcutaneous injection, indicated for palliative treatment of advanced hormone‐dependent
prostate cancer (PCa), Urorec® (silodosin), a drug indicated for the treatment of the symptoms of benign
prostatic hyperplasia (BPH, enlargement of the prostate), Avodart® (dutasteride) and Combodart®/Duodart®
(dutasteride/tamsulosin), leading and well‐established brands, post loss of exclusivity, that reinforce and
complete Recordati’s proven presence in the urology space.
In 2023, sales reached € 280.4 million, 23.3% higher than the previous year thanks to the ongoing strong
performance of Eligard®, return to growth of silodosin post loss of exclusivity, and the first sales of Avodart®
and Combodart®/Duodart®, following the new sales distribution agreement with GSK in July, with sixteen
markets already transitioned at the end of December(1).


(1) Trademarks are owned by or licensed to the GSK group of companies. Transition of Avodart® and Combodart® / Duodart® commercialization to
Recordati has been completed in the following markets: Austria, Belgium, Czech Republic, Finland, France, Germany, Greece, Ireland, Italy,
Luxembourg, Poland, Portugal, Spain, Sweden, Switzerland, UK.




                                                                                                                                        41
                                                     REVIEW OF OPERATIONS AND FINANCIAL ACTIVITIES 2023




GASTROENTEROLOGY
In Gastroenterology, Recordati has several leading brands including products for bowel cleansing based on
sodium picosulfate and magnesium citrate (Citrafleet®, Casenlax®) which are widely used before diagnostic
tests, products used for constipation for adults and children and a line of probiotics based on lactobacillus
reuteri protectis, particularly popular in Western Europe.
In 2023, sales reached € 219.3 million, showing a growth of 7.9% compared to the previous year, mainly
thanks to the good performance of Procto‐Glyvenol® (tribenoside) and the product lines under license from
BioGaia (which include lactobacillus reuteri protectis supplements with the Reuflor® brand in Italy and the
Casenbiotic®, Bioralsuero®, Reuteri® and Gastrus® brands in Spain and Portugal).

COUGH AND COLD
Recordati has a large portfolio of prescription and self‐medication treatments to promote respiratory health
including asthma and symptoms associated with cough and cold.
In 2023, the Cough and Cold therapeutic area benefitted from a strong season and enhanced
competitiveness, with sales reaching € 137.1 million, a growth of 9.3% compared to previous year, finishing
higher than pre‐pandemic levels. This was driven by both strong growth in most markets of the prescription
and OTC portfolio, particularly in France, Italy and Türkiye, and the benefits of restocking the channel in
Russia which contributed to exceptional growth in the first quarter of 2023, with sales normalizing in the
second half of the year, also reflecting adverse FX (RUB).

OTHER TREATMENT AREAS
Recordati commercializes products within a broad range of other therapeutic areas, across both prescription
and OTC markets, arising from Recordati’s original research and the acquisition of product rights and license
agreements. Notable products include Reagila® (cariprazine) for schizophrenia, Lomexin® (fenticonazole) for
the treatment of gynecological and dermatological infections and Magnesio Supremo®, a dietary
supplement.
In 2023, Other Treatment Areas reached € 311.6 million growing by 3.7% compared to previous year.

PHARMACEUTICAL CHEMICALS
Sales of Pharmaceutical Chemicals, which comprise active substances, other than the ones marketed by the
Other International Sales organization to its licensees, produced in the Campoverde di Aprilia plant (Italy),
were € 54.0 million, up by 10.5%, mainly driven by higher prices to offset impact of inflation, and represented
2.6% of total Group revenue.




                                                                                                            42
                                                                         REVIEW OF OPERATIONS AND FINANCIAL ACTIVITIES 2023




CORPORATE PRODUCTS
The performance of products sold directly in more than one market (corporate products) during 2023 is
shown in the table below.

€ (thousands)                                                                           2023              2022          Changes        %
                                                                                                                      2023/2022
Zanidip® (lercanidipine)                                                             144,959          130,521            14,438     11.1
Zanipress® (lercanidipine+enalapril)                                                  36,412           37,486            (1,074)    (2.9)
Urorec® (silodosin)                                                                   70,038           60,702              9,336    15.4
Livazo® (pitavastatin)                                                                44,616           44,073                543      1.2
Seloken®/Seloken® ZOK/Logimax® (metoprolol/metoprolol                                 97,983           97,806                178      0.2
+ felodipine)
Avodart® and Combodart®/Duodart®                                                      25,594                ‐            25,594      n.s.
Eligard® (leuprorelin acetate)                                                       110,682          104,081             6,601      6.3
Other corporate products*                                                            346,066          313,493            32,573     10.4
* Includes corporate OTC products for a total of € 139.5 million in 2023 and 124.7 million in 2022 (+11.9%).


Zanidip® (lercanidipine)
is an anti‐hypertensive calcium channel blocker discovered and developed entirely in the Recordati research
laboratories and is currently available in more than 60 countries. Lercanidipine is effective in gradually
lowering blood pressure values to optimal levels, preventing episodes of reflex tachycardia and reducing the
risk of cardiovascular events and their related mortality. Its lipophilicity and high selectivity are properties
that make lercanidipine effective with a superior tolerability profile. It protects the kidneys and the
endothelium of blood vessels. Thanks to this organ protection characteristic and its metabolic neutrality,
lercanidipine is well tolerated by patients suffering from other diseases such as diabetes and nephropathy.
The lercanidipine based products are sold directly by marketing organizations in Western, Central and
Eastern Europe, Türkiye and North Africa and through licenses and co‐marketing agreements in other
countries.
€ (thousands)                                                       2023                    2022                   Changes           %
                                                                                                                 2023/2022
Direct sales                                                      80,826                  74,175                     6,651          9.0
Sales to licensees                                                64,133                  56,345                     7,788         13.8
Total lercanidipine sales                                       144,959                 130,520                     14,439         11.1

2023 sales reached roughly € 145.0 million, 11.1% higher than the previous year.
Direct sales of lercanidipine products increased by 9.0% compared to 2022, mainly thanks to growth in
Ireland, Germany, Italy, Poland and Türkiye where the impact of the exchange rate was offset by the increase
in prices.
Sales to licensees, representing 44.2% of the total, increased by 13.8% thanks to growth in Central and
Eastern Europe and recovery of sales to China.

Zanipress® (lercanidipine+enalapril)
is a drug developed by Recordati to treat hypertension. It associates lercanidipine, a latest‐generation
calcium channel blocker, with enalapril, a widely prescribed ACE inhibitor, allowing the simultaneous
administration of two active ingredients and increasing treatment compliance by the patient. Combination
therapy is considered a first‐line treatment for hypertensive patients at high risk for cardiovascular events.
The benefits of the combination of these two active ingredients have been confirmed by the results of a
number of clinical trials which have shown its significant antihypertensive efficacy, excellent tolerability in




                                                                                                                                      43
                                                     REVIEW OF OPERATIONS AND FINANCIAL ACTIVITIES 2023




addition to renal and vascular protection from the damage caused by hypertension. This product is
successfully marketed directly by Recordati or by its licensees in more than 54 countries.

€ (thousands)                                      2023                2022             Changes             %
                                                                                      2023/2022
Direct sales                                     33,053              33,686                 (633)        (1.9)
Sales to licensees                                3,359               3,800                 (441)       (11.6)
Total lercanidipine+enalapril sales              36,412              37,486               (1,074)        (2.9)

In 2023, direct sales of Zanipress® fell by 1.9%, mainly due to lower sales volume in Germany, Türkiye and
Tunisia. Sales to licensees represented 9.2% of the total and fell by 11.6% due to lower sales volumes mainly
in Austria, Romania and Italy.

Urorec® (silodosin)
is a drug indicated for the treatment of the symptoms of benign prostatic hyperplasia (BPH, enlargement of
the prostate). BPH manifests with problems linked to urination. It frequently occurs in men over the age of
fifty, and its symptoms significantly reduce quality of life. This disorder is becoming more prevalent with the
aging of the population. A recent study (Fusco et al, 2020), found that silodosin improves symptoms and
quality of life in patients with severe lower urinary tract symptoms related to benign prostatic obstruction.
Symptom improvement is maintained during long‐term treatment.
The safety and tolerability of silodosin has been widely assessed with positive results. The low incidence of
orthostatic and vasodilatory side effects makes it a well‐tolerated treatment, even in patients taking
antihypertensive medication. Silodosin was originally developed by Kissei Pharmaceutical Co. (Japan) and
was obtained under license by Recordati for development and marketing in Europe and a further 5 countries
in the Middle East and Africa. Currently, the product is successfully marketed in 47 countries, including
France, Germany, Italy, Spain, Portugal, CIS countries, Tunisia, Türkiye and Switzerland. Silodosin‐based
products are sold directly by our subsidiaries under the Urorec® brand and by our licensees under the
Silodyx™ brand.
Sales in 2023 were € 70.0 million, increasing by 15.4 % compared to the previous year, thanks to the good
performance in Italy, Türkiye and Russia despite strong FX headwinds in both these international markets.

Livazo® (pitavastatin)
is a latest‐generation statin indicated for the treatment of dyslipidemia, a condition characterized by altered
levels of blood cholesterol and other lipids and associated with an increased risk for heart disease and
strokes. Controlled clinical trials have shown that pitavastatin induces a reduction in LDL‐cholesterol (the
“bad” cholesterol that contributes to formation of atherosclerotic plaques) and an increase in HDL‐
cholesterol (the “good” cholesterol that is removed from the arterial walls). This dual effect is highly
significant because it has shown that the risk for cardiovascular complications can be reduced further in this
way. Furthermore, pitavastatin presents an excellent safety profile due to the lower risk of drug‐drug
interactions compared to most other statins. Based on these findings, pitavastatin is regarded as an effective
and safe treatment for dyslipidemia. Pitavastatin was licensed by Recordati from the Japanese
pharmaceutical company Kowa for the European market, Russia and the other CIS countries and Türkiye. The
drug is sold by the Group’s marketing organizations in Spain, Portugal, Switzerland, Greece, Russia, Ukraine,
other CIS countries and Türkiye.
Sales in 2023 were € 44.6 million, up by 1.2% compared to the previous year.

Seloken®, Seloken® ZOK (metoprolol) and Logimax® (metoprolol + felodipine)
are metoprolol‐based medicines belonging to the beta blocker class of drugs that are widely used in the
treatment of angina pectoris, myocardial infarction and cardiac rhythm disorders, as well as hypertension
and functional heart disorders. Logimax® is a fixed association of metoprolol with felodipine which, over the
years, has shown high antihypertensive efficacy. The use of metoprolol together with felodipine reduces



                                                                                                            44
                                                      REVIEW OF OPERATIONS AND FINANCIAL ACTIVITIES 2023




possible episodes of reflex tachycardia induced by the calcium channel blocker, while felodipine associated
with metoprolol facilitates vasodilation by reducing peripheral vascular resistance. These drugs have been
widely studied in large and important clinical trials and are frequently used in primary care and by
cardiologists to treat cardiac disorders and hypertension. Long‐term mortality studies (Seloken®/Seloken®
ZOK Core Data Sheet) have shown that the use of metoprolol reduces the rates of general mortality,
cardiovascular mortality, sudden death and the progression of heart failure.
The European marketing rights for Seloken®/ Seloken® ZOK (metoprolol) and Logimax® (metoprolol +
felodipine) were acquired from AstraZeneca in 2017. The products are sold directly in 36 countries and
through distribution agreements in other European countries.
Sales in 2023 were € 98.0 million, largely in line with 2022.

Eligard® (leuprorelin acetate)
is a depot formulation for subcutaneous injection, indicated for palliative treatment of advanced hormone‐
dependent prostate cancer (PCa) and localized hormone‐dependent prostate cancer, and locally advanced
high risk, combined with radiotherapy. It combines the active ingredient leuprorelin acetate with a
biodegradable polymer matrix release system (Atrigel®) and is available in a 1‐month (7.5 mg), 3‐month (22.5
mg) and 6‐month (45 mg) formulations. Eligard® provides a standard and consistent administration of
leuprorelin over time, with significant and long‐lasting testosterone suppression (≤ 20 ng/Dl), thus improving
patient outcomes, such as response time and survival rate free of any progression, with a favorable
tolerability profile. The extended interval between injections, the low volume of the injection and the short
needle are additional advantages to the leuprorelin depot formulation.
Developed by the American pharmaceutical company Tolmar and previously licensed to Astellas, Eligard®
now represents a consolidated product, distributed by Recordati since January 2021 in 30 countries in
Europe, North Africa and the CIS countries.
A new device, consisting of two pre‐connected syringes, developed by Tolmar International Ltd, was
approved at the European level in 2022 and launched in the first countries in the second half of 2023, further
improving the positioning of Eligard®, with roll out to main countries expected in the first part of 2024.
Revenue for Eligard® in 2023 was € 110.7 million, up by 6.3% compared to the same period of the previous
year, continuing the turnaround of the brand since the start of promotional activities by Recordati.

Avodart® (dutasteride) and Combodart®/Duodart® (dutasteride/tamsulosin)
are marketed products, presented as oral form (capsules), indicated for the treatment of moderate to severe
symptoms of benign prostatic hyperplasia (BPH) and for the reduction in the risk of acute urinary retention
(AUR) and surgery in patients with moderate to severe symptoms of BPH.
In July 2023, Recordati announced an agreement with GSK for the commercialization of Combodart® as well
as Avodart® across 21 countries, mainly in Europe, excluding only those where GSK already has a distribution
agreement in place.
Avodart® and Combodart®/Duodart® are leading and well‐established brands, post loss of exclusivity, that
enhance Recordati’s proven presence in the urology space, significantly reinforcing the competitiveness of
its offer. Both brands are synergistic with Recordati’s urology product portfolio, complementing Urorec® and
Eligard®. Dutasteride is an oral, selective, irreversible inhibitor of type 1 and type 2 5α‐reductase (5AR), the
intracellular enzyme that converts testosterone to dihydrotestosterone (DHT) in the prostate gland. As a
result, dutasteride reduces intraprostatic and serum levels of DHT, decreasing prostate volume. Tamsulosin
is a selective α1‐adrenoceptor antagonist (α1‐blocker). The effects of tamsulosin are targeted for the smooth
muscle receptors of the prostate, bladder and urethra. Blocking this receptor relaxes the smooth muscle of
the bladder and urethra to improve urine flow and symptoms.
GSK will continue to supply the products and they will retain Marketing Authorization holder responsibilities
in all 21 countries.
In 2023, Recordati completed relevant transition activities and started to recognize revenues in most markets
included in the Agreement, reaching overall sales of € 25.6 million. Total FY 2023 sales of the products in
relevant territories, including those made by GSK prior to transitions, was approximately € 120 million.




                                                                                                             45
                                                     REVIEW OF OPERATIONS AND FINANCIAL ACTIVITIES 2023




OTHER CORPORATE PRODUCTS
include specialties from Recordati’s original research, the acquisition of product rights for various markets
and through license agreements for multiple territories. The paragraphs below describe their characteristics
and the sales generated.
 Reagila® (cariprazine) is a new drug for the treatment of schizophrenia, a third‐generation antipsychotic,
  which, thanks to its specific pharmacological nature, can be considered unique in the panorama of this
  therapeutic class. It not only acts on the “positive” symptoms of the disease, such as delirium,
  hallucinations, thought dissociation, etc., but also on the “negative” component such as apathy,
  anhedonia and antisocial behaviour. Cariprazine has the added advantage of reducing neurological and
  metabolic side effects and has a low cardiovascular impact. Extending the treatment spectrum for
  schizophrenia has a positive effect on the functional recovery of patients. It comes in a once daily
  administration form, with a long half‐life. Its clinical efficacy has been demonstrated in numerous clinical
  studies involving more than 2,000 patients, and testing is currently underway in the adolescent
  population. Reagila® was originated by Gedeon Richter and is under license to Recordati in Western
  Europe. The product was launched in Germany, Switzerland, Italy, Benelux, the United Kingdom, Sweden,
  Denmark, Finland, Spain, Portugal and Ireland. Sales in 2023 totaled € 27.3 million, with 34.6% growth
  compared to 2022, mainly thanks to higher sales volumes in Spain, Germany and Portugal.
 Procto-Glyvenol® (tribenoside), leader in its class, is a tribenoside‐based over‐the‐counter drug, indicated
  for the treatment of internal and external hemorrhoids. Recordati markets it in the following countries:
  Russia, Poland, Turkey, Romania, Ukraine, Czech Republic, Slovakia, Portugal, Baltic countries and Cyprus.
  Sales for this product in 2023 were € 37.9 million, increasing by 11.0%, mainly due to higher sales volumes
  in Poland and Türkiye.
 Polydexa®, Isofra® and Otofa® are combination products for the treatment of ear, nose and throat
  infections, sold in North Africa, sub‐Saharan Africa, Russia and the CIS countries. In 2023, sales of
  Polydexa® were € 34.7 million, sales of Isofra® were € 18.1 million and sales of Otofa® were € 2.1 million.
  Overall, sales decreased by 2.6% compared to 2022, mainly due to the adverse Ruble FX impact.
 Tergynan® is a fixed combination of different active ingredients with antimicrobial, anti‐inflammatory,
  antiprotozoal and antimycotic activity for the treatment and prevention of gynecological infections.
  Tergynan® is a leading brand in the class of anti‐infective and antiseptic gynecological medicines in the
  countries where it is marketed, in particular in Russia, in other countries in the Commonwealth of
  Independent States, in Ukraine, Mongolia, Romania and Vietnam. Total sales for 2023 were € 20.4 million,
  an increase of 2.9% compared to the previous year, with most of the sales in Russia and Ukraine and
  reflecting the unfavorable impact of the exchange rate compared to 2022 and shortage of supply for part
  of the year.
 CitraFleet® and Phosphosoda® are bowel cleansers indicated for use prior to any diagnostic procedure
  which requires cleaning out the intestines, such as a colonoscopy or X‐rays. Phosphosoda® is an effective
  osmotic bowel cleanser with over 20 years of clinical experience, available in 39 countries. CitraFleet®, on
  the market since 2004, offers a double mechanism (osmotic + stimulant) and is one of the best tolerated
  products in its class, improving patient compliance thanks to its lower volume and good taste. It is
  available in 34 countries and occupies primary market positions in various countries, including Spain. In
  2023, sales of CitraFleet® and Phosphosoda® totaled € 39.6 million, up by 10.4% compared to 2022.
 Lomexin® (fenticonazole), an original Recordati product, is an internationally and widely used broad‐
  spectrum antimycotic indicated for the treatment of gynecological and dermatological infections caused
  by fungi, mould, yeast and gram‐positive bacteria. The brand recently obtained OTC status and was
  successfully relaunched in various EU countries, providing patients with a new easily accessible self‐
  medication option. Sales of Lomexin® in 2023 were at € 23.4 million, increasing by 21.2% compared to
  the previous year, mainly due to the positive performance in Poland and Türkiye.



                                                                                                           46
                                                     REVIEW OF OPERATIONS AND FINANCIAL ACTIVITIES 2023




 The Hexa line of products comprises biclotymol‐based antibacterial treatments for the oral cavity, which
  are in high demand, especially in France and North Africa, Russia, the Community of Independent States
  (CIS), Ukraine and Mongolia. The line’s main brand is Hexaspray®, a throat spray and leader in its class in
  France. Overall, this product line saw sales of € 21.4 million in 2023, up by 17.9%, mainly thanks to higher
  sales in France after a strong recovery in seasonal flu illnesses and low inventories for competitor
  businesses.
 Magnesio Supremo®, a dietary supplement that contains a special mix of ingredients that guarantee
  maximum bioavailability of magnesium, is marketed in Italy and achieved sales of €26.5 million in 2023,
  up by 21.9% thanks to strong sales of the lead preparations as well as active life‐cycle management.

 The most significant self‐medication and supplements include the product lines under license from
  BioGaia (which include lactobacillus reuteri protectis supplements and the Reuflor® brand in Italy and the
  Casenbiotic®, Bioralsuero®, Reuteri® and Gastrus® brands in Spain and Portugal), which grew by 9.8%
  compared to the previous year, with sales at € 30.8 million.
 Other corporate products achieved total sales of € 39.9 million, up by 10.0% compared to 2022. These
  include flavoxate (sold under the names Genurin® and Urispas®), Lopresor® (metoprolol), Lacdigest®
  (tilactase), rupatadine (sold in Italy and Germany under the Rupafin® brand and in France as Wystamm®),
  Abufene® and Muvagyn®, Vitaros®/Virirec® (alprostadil) and Fortacin® (lidocaine+prilocaine).




                                                                                                           47
                       REVIEW OF OPERATIONS AND FINANCIAL ACTIVITIES 2023




REVIEW OF OPERATIONS

RARE DISEASES




                                                                            48
                                                      REVIEW OF OPERATIONS AND FINANCIAL ACTIVITIES 2023




Rare diseases bring great suffering to millions of affected people worldwide. These diseases are chronic, fatal
or severely debilitating, strongly impacting patients, their families and society as a whole. In most cases, they
affect newborns, children and young adults.
An orphan drug is a medicinal product specifically developed to treat a rare disease. According to the
European definition, a rare disease is defined as one that affects fewer than five in 10,000 people or, based
on the American definition, fewer than 200,000 people in the United States of America. Over 30 million
people are affected in Europe alone. There are currently over 7,000 known rare diseases, but approved
treatment only exists today for less than 10% of them.
Due to the extensive range of existing diseases and scarce available information, a specialist or general
practitioner may never come across a patient affected by a rare disease in their entire career. This always
poses the risk that when a baby is born with a rare disease, it may not be correctly diagnosed and provided
with timely and appropriate treatment. The limited number of patients and sparse relevant knowledge and
expertise are specific characteristics of rare diseases. Governments have introduced legal and financial
incentives to provide treatment to people affected by rare diseases and encourage pharmaceutical and
biotechnology companies to invest in these treatments. The Orphan Drug Act was approved in the USA in
1983. In 1999, European legislation explicitly recognized the need to identify targeted treatments for these
conditions and introduced specific regulatory processes and incentives to develop orphan drugs. The
designation as “orphan drug” in Europe provides exclusivity on the marketing of the designated indication
for 10 years from the time the drug is approved. Since April 2000, when the EU orphan drug regulation came
into effect, many hundreds of drugs have been designated as orphan drugs by the European Medicines
Agency (EMA). Of these designated drugs, over 150 have received marketing authorization (MA). Of those,
40% have been authorized for the treatment of oncological and hematological conditions and about 30% for
the treatment of rare genetic metabolic disorders. More recently, there has been an increase in international
research investments by different funding bodies to boost the number of authorized treatments.
The Recordati group operates in the rare disease segment worldwide through Recordvati Rare Diseases, its
group of subsidiaries entirely dedicated to the research, development and marketing of medicines for the
treatment of rare diseases which share the conviction that every person with a rare disease has the right to
the best possible treatment. The Group’s business is mainly in three treatment areas: metabolic (after the
acquisition of Orphan Europe and the portfolio of Lundbeck products in the United States), endocrinology
(following the 2019 acquisition of the products Signifor® and Isturisa® from Novartis) and oncology (following
the 2022 acquisition of EUSA Pharma).
The Group’s organizations work closely with specialists, health care professionals, patients, their families and
associations to spread knowledge, improve diagnosis and treatment, and enable access to treatment by
supporting patients. Recordati Rare Diseases has developed a global presence through its network of
subsidiaries and highly qualified distributors. It operates directly in Europe, the US – which in 2023 became
the largest overall business for the Recordati group ‐ Russia, the Middle East and North Africa, Canada,
Mexico, Colombia, Brazil, Japan, Australia, New Zealand, China and South Korea, as well as through selected
partners in a number of other countries, covering 88 countries worldwide. Recordati also has a facility in
Nanterre (Paris, France) dedicated to packaging and storing these drugs and shipping them to various
countries. This direct distribution and packaging system effectively guarantees the rapid availability of these
specialties around the world, in ad hoc quantities and packaging.
A significant commitment is continually being made to enhance and extend the product portfolio for rare
diseases, both with molecule development programs in the pipeline, and by acquiring late‐stage‐
development or already‐marketed compounds. Work is also ongoing in the life cycle management of the
compounds currently sold and, specifically, on formulation improvement projects.




                                                                                                              49
                                                                          REVIEW OF OPERATIONS AND FINANCIAL ACTIVITIES 2023




REVENUE BY THERAPEUTIC AREA
In 2023, sales of products for the treatment of Rare Diseases were € 714.7 million, up 20.0% (or 14.9% on a
like‐for‐like(1) basis at CER) compared to the previous year, driven by key growth franchises Oncology and
Endocrinology. 2023 reflected the first full year contribution from the Oncology franchise after the EUSA
Pharma acquisition, with net revenue of € 200.9 million, growing by 15.2% on a pro‐forma basis(1),
significantly ahead of the acquisition business case.

€ (thousands)                                                                             2023              2022                Changes        %
                                                                                                                              2023/2022
Metabolic and other areas                                                             271,551           287,913                  (16,362)   (5.7)
Endocrinology *                                                                       242,318           171,901                    70,417   41.0
Oncology                                                                              200,851           135,971                    64,880   47.7
Total Rare Diseases                                                                   714,720           595,785                  118,935    20.0
* Isturisa® € 139.5 million and Signifor® € 102.9 million in 2023, compared to € 81.3 million and € 90.6 million, respectively, in 2022.


The main corporate products (i.e. products sold directly in more than one market) in the rare diseases sector,
in the metabolic and other treatment areas (excluding endocrinology and oncology), are shown in the
following table and contributed a total of € 271.6 million to revenue in 2023, compared to € 287.9 million in
2022, with growth of Panhematin®, Ledaga® offset by generics erosion of sales of Carbaglu® in the USA and
Europe:

Name                               Active Ingredient                        Indication

CARBAGLU®                          carglumic acid                           Treatment of hyperammonemia due to N‐acetylglutamate
                                                                            synthase deficiency (NAGS deficiency) and some organic
                                                                            acidaemias (isovaleric acidaemia, methylmalonic acidaemia
                                                                            and propionic acidaemia)
NORMOSANG®                         human hemin                              Treatment of acute attacks of hepatic porphyria
PANHEMATIN®
CYSTADANE®                         betaine anhydrous                        Treatment of homocystinuria
CYSTADROPS®                        cysteamine hydrochloride                 Treatment of the ocular manifestations of cystinosis
JUXTAPID®                          Lomitapide                               Treatment of homozygous familial hypercholesterolemia
                                                                            (HoFH)
CYSTAGON®                          cysteamine bitartrate                    Treatment of nephropathic cystinosis
LEDAGA®                            chlormethine hydrochloride               Treatment of mycosis fungoides (MF), T‐cell cutaneous
                                                                            lymphoma (CTCL)
PEDEA®                             IV ibuprofene                            Treatment of patent ductus arteriosus (PDA)
NEOPROFEN®

Carbaglu® (carglumic acid) is an orphan drug approved in the European Union by the European Commission
and in the US by the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for the treatment of hyperammonemia due to N‐
Acetyl Glutamate Synthase (NAGS) deficiency. NAGS deficiency is an extremely rare inherited metabolic
disorder affecting the urea cycle which leads to accumulation of ammonia in the blood.
If not adequately and quickly treated, NAGS‐D can cause irreversible brain damage, coma, and eventually
death. Carbaglu® provides specific treatment for this genetic disorder, treating the patient’s lifelong disorder.
In 2011, Carbaglu® obtained approval in the European Union to extend its indications to treat
hyperammonemia due to the three main organic acidemias (OAs): isovaleric acidemia, methylmalonic
acidemia and propionic acidemia. In 2014, Carbaglu® was granted Orphan Drug Designation (ODD) by the

(1) Pro‐forma growth calculated adding Q1 2022 revenue of EUSA Pharma.




                                                                                                                                              50
                                                     REVIEW OF OPERATIONS AND FINANCIAL ACTIVITIES 2023




FDA for its use in the treatment of OA. Regulatory approval was obtained in Canada in 2020, and in January
2021, the FDA in the United States gave its approval for propionic and methylmalonic acidemia. In June 2023,
Regulatory approval for Carbaglu® was obtained in China.
Juxtapid® (lomitapide) is a microsomial protein inhibitor for transferring N‐triglycerides. It was approved by
the Japanese Ministry of Health in September 2016 on an exclusive marketing basis because it is an orphan
product, to treat patients affects by homozygous familial hypercholesterolemia. Homozygous familial
hypercholesterolemia is a serious genetic disease that inhibits the functioning of the receptor responsible for
removing LDL (“bad”) cholesterol from the body. This failed functioning of the LDL receptor causes a sharp
rise in blood cholesterol levels. Patients affected by this condition tend to develop premature and progressive
atherosclerosis (narrowing and blockage of the arteries).
Cystadrops® are the first cysteamine‐based eye drops, administered four times a day. These were approved
in the European Union in 2017 and in the US in 2020 for the treatment of the ocular manifestations of
cystinosis in adults and children from 2 years of age. Cystadrops® was designated an orphan drug by the
European Commission with effect from November 2008. Cystinosis is a rare and very serious congenital
condition that could be fatal. Cystinosis is characterized by a cystine crystal build‐up, causing damage to all
the organs in the body, especially the kidneys and eyes. Cystine crystal deposits begin in the cornea,
progressively causing hypersensitivity to the light (photophobia), a deterioration to the surface of the cornea
(keratopathy) and blindness. Systematic treatment with orally administered cysteamine benefits patients
suffering from cystinosis. Nonetheless, orally administered cysteamine does not adequately resolve ocular
manifestations of cystinosis due to the absence of corneal vascularization. If adequate and ongoing topical
ocular treatment is not received, the cystine crystals build up in the cornea with serious ophthalmic
consequences, which could lead to blindness over time.
Panhematin®/Normosang® (human hemin) is a drug for the treatment of acute attacks of hepatic
porphyria. Porphyria are rare genetic diseases, which present with acute and often painful crises, requiring
immediate medical attention. Panhematin®/Normosang® is therefore an emergency treatment drug and is
recognized as the treatment of choice to reduce the crisis and prevent possible neuropathic complications.
The product was approved under the Normosang® brand in Europe, and Panhematin® brand in the United
States of America.
The main products for rare endocrine conditions are listed in the table below and contributed € 242.3 million
to revenue in 2023, up by 41.0% compared to the previous year, with continued strong uptake of Isturisa®
across all regions, delivering revenue of € 139.5 million in 2023, and Signifor® also continuing to grow double
digit, with revenue of € 102.9 million:

Nome                     Principio Attivo              Indicazione

SIGNIFOR®                Pasireotide                   Treatment of Cushing’s disease and acromegaly
and SIGNIFOR® LAR
ISTURISA®                Osilodrostat                  Treatment of Cushing’s disease (United States of America)
                                                       and Cushing’s syndrome (European Union, Japan
                                                       Switzerland).

Within Cushing’s syndrome (CS), Cushing’s disease (CD) is a severe endocrine disease caused by a pituitary
adenoma, an enlargement in the pituitary gland which results in over‐production of cortisol by the adrenal
glands. Other causes of endogenous Cushing’s syndrome include rarer conditions such as adrenal adenoma,
ectopic corticotropin syndrome and ACTH independent macronodular adrenal hyperplasia. This condition is
associated with increased morbidity and mortality. Acromegaly is caused by an overexposure to growth
hormone, which leads to the production of insulin‐like growth factor‐1. The most common cause of
acromegaly is pituitary adenoma.
Signifor® contains the active substance pasireotide, a somatostatin analogue. The human body naturally
produces somatostatin, which blocks the production and release of certain hormones, including ACTH.



                                                                                                              51
                                                        REVIEW OF OPERATIONS AND FINANCIAL ACTIVITIES 2023




Pasireotide works in a very similar way to somatostatin. Signifor® is thus able to block the production of
ACTH, helping to control the overproduction of cortisol and improve the symptoms of Cushing’s disease.
Isturisa® is an innovative drug for the oral treatment of endogenous Cushing’s syndrome. The relevant
marketing authorization was granted by the European Commission in January 2020 and approval was
obtained in the US in March 2020.
The active substance in Isturisa® is osilodrostat, a cortisol synthesis inhibitor. Osilodrostat works by inhibiting
11‐beta‐hydroxylase, an enzyme responsible for the final step of cortisol biosynthesis in the adrenal gland.
The benefits of Isturisa® are its ability to control or normalize cortisol levels in adult CS patients with a
manageable safety profile, making this product a valuable treatment option for patients with Cushing’s
syndrome.
Isturisa® was launched in the United States, France and Germany in 2020. Geographic expansion continued
into other European markets in 2021. In March 2021, the Japanese Ministry of Health, Labor and Welfare
approved Isturisa® for the treatment of patients with endogenous Cushing’s syndrome, when pituitary
surgery is not an option or has not been curative. The product was also successfully launched in Japan where
it is reimbursed for Cushing’s Disease patients.
In order to manage this new and promising endocrinology product range, the Recordati Group established
the Recordati AG Rare Diseases Branch in Basel (Switzerland), which also deal with the marketing of the
product Ledaga®.
The main products in the rare oncological segment, acquired with the acquisition of EUSA Pharma
(completed in March 2022), are shown in the table below and contributed € 200.9 million to revenue in 2023:

Name                      Active Ingredient              Indication

QARZIBA®                  dinutuximab beta, anti‐GD2       Treatment for high‐risk neuroblastoma in patients aged
                          monoclonal antibody              12 months or older, with at least partial response to
                                                           chemotherapy induction, followed by myeloablative
                                                           therapy and stem cell transplant
SYLVANT®                  siltuximab, anti‐IL‐6            Treatment for idiopathic Multicentric Castleman’s
                          monoclonal antibody              Disease (iMCD) in the adult population
FOTIVDA®                  tivozanib, highly selective oral First‐line treatment for advanced renal cell carcinoma
                          inhibitor of tyrosine kinase     (RCC).
                          (TKI) for vascular endothelial
                          growth factor (VEGF)
                          receptors 1, 2 and 3
CAPHOSOL®                 mouthwash with                   Prescription medical device for treatment of oral
                          supersaturated electrolytic      mucositis due to chemo and radiation therapy
                          solution of phosphate and
                          calcium ions

Qarziba® (dinutuximab beta) is an anti‐ganglioside‐D2 (GD2) monoclonal antibody approved and sold for the
treatment of high‐risk neuroblastoma in patients aged 12 months or older who have undergone
chemotherapy induction, with at least partial response, followed by myeloablative therapy and stem cell
transplant and in patients with a clinical history of recurrent or refractory neuroblastoma. Qarziba is
approved in the European Union, United Kingdom, Australia, Brazil, China, Hong Kong, Israel, Russia and
Taiwan and distributed in other areas globally through managed access programs. Neuroblastoma is a rare
type of cancer originating in the nervous system. It is the most common form of solid extra‐cranial tumors
diagnosed in patients under 15, representing around 7% of pediatric tumors. Approximately 50% of these
patients receive a diagnosis of high‐risk neuroblastoma, the type with the worst prognosis. Used as
maintenance therapy, Qarziba has shown a significant increase in total survival at 5 years.




                                                                                                                    52
                                                     REVIEW OF OPERATIONS AND FINANCIAL ACTIVITIES 2023




Sylvant® (siltuximab) is a mAb anti‐interleukin‐6 (IL‐6) granted through a license and marketed by EUSA
Pharma (UK) Ltd. to treat idiopathic Multicentric Castleman’s Disease (iMCD). Supplied globally, it is approved
in over 40 countries, including the European Union, USA and China.
Castleman’s Disease is a rare disease that affects the lymphatic system. Idiopathic Multicentric Castleman’s
Disease (iMCD) is a type of Multicentric Castleman’s Disease for which the cause is unknown. Only 3 or 4
people out of every 1 million in the general population are diagnosed with iMCD each year. It can affect
anyone, male, female, adult or child, but most people with iMCD are 45 or older. Sylvant® is the only IL‐6
targeted therapy approved and recommended for iMCD, with the aim to support a durable tumor and
symptomatic response.
Fotivda® (tivozanib) is a VEFG 1, 2 and 3 (small TKI molecule) blocker licensed and marketed by EUSA Pharma
(UK) Ltd. for first‐line treatment of advanced renal cell carcinoma (aRCC). Fotivda is supplied in Europe, Asia
and Oceania, Africa and Latin America.
Renal cell cancer (also known as kidney cancer and renal cell adenocarcinoma) is a disease in which malignant
cells (cancer) are found in the lining of tubules (very small tubes) in the kidney. Renal cancer represents, 5%
and 3% of all newly diagnosed tumors in men and women, respectively. Over 90% of renal tumors are renal
cell carcinoma (RRC). RCC is one of the 10 most common tumors globally. Fotivda is intended to support
survival in patients free of progression.
Caphosol® (electrolytic calcium phosphate solution) is available in ampules or in dispersible form. It is
licensed and marketed by EUSA Pharma (UK) Ltd. for the treatment and prevention of oral mucositis, a
complication due to cancer treatments (including radiation and chemotherapy). It is supplied globally and
approved in China, European Union, United Kingdom and the USA.
Oral mucositis is diagnosed when the mouth is painful and inflamed. It is a common side effect of
chemotherapy and radiation for cancer.




                                                                                                            53
                       REVIEW OF OPERATIONS AND FINANCIAL ACTIVITIES 2023




REVIEW OF OPERATIONS

SALES BY GEOGRAPHIC AREA




                                                                            54
                                                                          REVIEW OF OPERATIONS AND FINANCIAL ACTIVITIES 2023




PHARMACEUTICAL SALES BY GEOGRAPHIC AREA
Pharmaceutical sales by geographic area for the different Recordati subsidiaries (including those dedicated
to rare disease treatments) are listed in the table and graph below:

€ (thousands)                                                                         2023                  2022            Changes          %
                                                                                                                          2023/2022
US                                                                                316,072              260,455                55,617       21.4
Italy                                                                             309,760              272,719                37,041       13.6
France                                                                            179,677              169,098                10,578        6.3
Spain                                                                             165,104              142,630                22,474       15.8
Germany                                                                           150,902              167,615              (16,713)     (10.0)
Russia, other CIS countries and Ukraine                                           140,566              131,677                 8,890        6.8
Türkiye                                                                            97,517               74,343                23,174       31.2
Portugal                                                                           60,196               53,465                 6,730       12.6
Other C.E.E. countries                                                            150,355              128,825                21,530       16.7
Other Western European countries                                                  152,406              136,695                15,711       11.5
North Africa                                                                       40,216               37,664                 2,552        6.8
Other international sales                                                         265,529              229,246                36,282       15.8
Total pharmaceutical revenue                                                    2,028,300            1,804,432              223,868        12.4
Net revenue includes the sales of products and various revenue excluding Pharmaceutical Chemicals.



BREAKDOWN OF PHARMACEUTICAL PRODUCTS BY GEOGRAPHIC AREA


                                                North Africa 2.0%
                                                                                                US 15.5%
                                        Portugal 3.0%
                                     Türkiye 4.8%
                                                                                                   Italy 15.2%
             Russia, Ukraine, other CIS 6.9%

                           Other C.E.E. 7.4%

                              Germany 7.4%
                                                                                               Other international sales 13.4%
                  Other Western Europe 7.5%
                                                  Spain 8.1%                        France 8.8%



Sales in countries affected by currency exchange fluctuations are shown below in their relative local
currencies.

local currency (thousands)                                                                 2023                    2022        Changes       %
                                                                                                                             2023/2022
Russia (RUB)                                                                         8,984,596               7,330,094        1,654,502 22.6
Türkiye (TRY)                                                                        3,083,990               1,295,492        1,788,497 138.1
United States of America (USD)                                                         341,759                 274,271           67,488 24.6
Net revenue in Russia excludes sales of rare disease products which are sold via international and local distributors.




                                                                                                                                            55
                                                      REVIEW OF OPERATIONS AND FINANCIAL ACTIVITIES 2023




UNITED STATES OF AMERICA
The Group’s pharmaceutical business in the US is dedicated to marketing products for the treatment of rare
diseases through its subsidiary Recordati Rare Diseases Inc. The portfolio is focused on three rare disease
areas: metabolic disorders, endocrinology and oncology.
The metabolic portfolio includes products for the treatment of various rare metabolic disorders, including
Panhematin® (hemin for injection) used for recurrent attacks of acute intermittent porphyria, Carbaglu®
(carglumic acid), indicated for the treatment of acute hyperammonemia associated with NAGS deficiency,
propionic acidemia or methylmalonic acidemia, Cystadane® (betaine anhydrous oral solution), used in the
treatment of homocystinuria to reduce the high level of homocysteine in the blood and Cystadrops®
(cysteamine ophthalmic solution) for the treatment of corneal cystine crystal deposits.
The endocrinology portfolio focused on pituitary disorders include Signifor® and Signifor® LAR (pasireotide),
a pituitary therapy for the treatment of Cushing’s disease and acromegaly, and Isturisa® (osilodrostat), a
potent cortisol synthesis inhibitor approved for the treatment of Cushing’s disease.
The Group enhanced its product portfolio to include oncology following the acquisition of EUSA Pharma in
2022. The main product added to the US portfolio was Sylvant® (siltuximab), a therapy for treatment of
idiopathic Multicentric Castleman’s Disease (Imcd).
Sales in the US reached € 316.1 million in 2023, up by 21.4% and by 24.6% in local currency compared to
2022. This growth reflects the integration of the oncology products acquired with EUSA Pharma for a total of
€ 40.4 million, as well as the continued strong growth of Isturisa® (osilodrostat) and Signifor®, which together
contributed revenue in the US of € 157.3 million, up 56% vs 2022, combined with growth also of
Panhematin®. These were in part offset by the decline of Carbaglu® and Cystadane®, mainly due to generic
entrants.


ITALY
The Recordati group offers a wide range of treatment options in Italy through Recordati S.p.A., Innova
Pharma S.p.A., Recordati Rare Diseases Italy S.r.l., Italchimici S.p.A. and Natural Point S.r.l.. It has an
established presence in the cardiovascular field, with two anti‐hypertensive products that were fully
developed in its research laboratories, Zanedip®/Lercadip® (lercanidipine) and Zanipril®/Lercaprel®
(lercanidipine + enalapril), with two drugs that belong to the beta blocker category, Cardicor® (bisoprolol),
and Seloken® (metoprolol) and with Rextat®/Lovinacor® (lovastatin). In 2023, Recordati has reinforced its
presence in urology, with the introduction in the urology portfolio of three strong brands: Avodart®
(dutasteride), Combodart® (dutasteride/tamsulosina) and Telefil® (Tadalafil), which complement other
products in the portfolio such as Urorec® (silodosin), Recoprox®, Fortacin® and Eligard®. The company also
has a strong presence in gastroenterology area, with Peptazol® (pantoprazole), Reuflor® (lactobacillus reuteri
protectis‐based supplement), Peridon® (domperidone), AroéTM (gastro‐esophagus anti‐reflux),
PeridoNatural®, Casenlax® (macrogol) and Lacdigest®, Lactofree® and Citrafleet® (sodium picosulfate).
In the ENT area (ear, nose throat), Recordati offers Aircort® (budesonide) a corticosteroid‐based line for the
treatment of asthma in adults and children, and Rupafin® (rupatadine) an anti‐allergy antihistamine. The pain
and inflammation segment offers a non‐steroidal anti‐inflammatory drug Tora‐Dol® (ketorolac
tromethamine) and Naprosyn® (naproxen), belonging to the non‐steroidal anti‐inflammatory/anti‐rheumatic
class (NSAIDs) with an effective treatment action in controlling chronic pain. Reagila® (cariprazine), a new
drug for the treatment of schizophrenia is marketed in the psychiatric area.
Recordati has a broad offering of self‐medications, with a focus on food supplements as well as products for
oral hygiene, eye, nose and the gastrointestinal tract. The historic brands include Alovex®, Proctolyn®,
Eumill®, Dentosan®, Imidazyl®, TransAct® LAT, Clismafleet® and Reuflor®. With the acquisition of Natural
Point S.r.l. in 2018, Recordati entered the natural food supplements market, with the main product Magnesio




                                                                                                             56
                                                       REVIEW OF OPERATIONS AND FINANCIAL ACTIVITIES 2023




Supremo®. Recently, its presence in the magnesium supplements market expanded with several new
products and by reinforcing the Magnesio Supremo® brand through digital communication.
The Italian pharmaceutical production site is located in Milan, covering a surface area of around 5,000 sq.
m., built vertically over several floors for a total of 21,000 sq. m. and produces over 67 million units per year.
The plant is specialized in the manufacturing and packaging of solid oral forms, liquids and products for
topical use. Recordati has undertaken a restructuring project in certain production areas, including the
installation of a new blister packaging line, which has been added to the 5 that are already operational. The
new line has been operational since the beginning of 2023, significantly increasing production capacity.
Certain corporate products are manufactured at the Milan site (lercanidipine, enalapril + lercanidipine,
silodosin and pitavastatin; in the case of the latter, only packaging is done) for all the markets where this is
sold.
Italian sales of pharmaceutical specialties totaled € 309.8 million, growing by 13.6% compared to 2022.
Sales in the Specialty and Primary Care products grew by 12.8% and the performance of the main products
is as follows:

€ (thousands)        Therapeutic indications                   2023            2022        Changes           %
                                                                                         2023/2022
Cardicor®            heart failure                           34,536          32,692            1,844        5.6
Zanedip®             Hypertension                            19,046          16,921            2,125       12.6
/Lercadip®
Urorec®              benign prostatic hyperplasia            19,855          17,093            2,762       16.2
Peptazol®            gastric ulcers                          13,945          14,646            (701)       (4.8)
Tora‐Dol®            Analgesic                               13,066          12,356             710         5.7
Aircort®             bronchial asthma                        21,616          19,242            2,374       12.3
Avodart® and         Benign prostatic hyperplasia             9,084                0           9,084        n.a.
Combodart®
Zanipril®/Lercaprel® Hypertension                             9,702           8,646            1,056       12.2

The growth was primarily driven by the recovery in prescription seasonal flu medicines, the good
performance on lercadinipine products, as well as the contribution of the new products distributed under
the agreement with GSK (Avodart® and Combodart®/Duodart®). Self‐medication pharmaceuticals generated
sales of € 104.5 million, up by 10.0% versus the previous year, thanks to the recovery in products for
gastrointestinal conditions, like Reuflor® and Lactdigest, and Magnesio Supremo®, a magnesium‐based
supplement with sales of € 26.3 million, and Proctolyn® (hemorrhoid treatment), with sales of € 10.8 million
(+11.6%).
Sales for products for the treatment of rare diseases amounted to € 28.2 million, up 21.5% compared to the
prior year, with a robust performance in both oncology and metabolic business areas. Of note is the approved
reimbursement of Isturisa® as of January 2023, which has also supported accelerated growth in the
endocrinology sector.


FRANCE
Laboratoires Bouchara Recordati S.a.s. is solidly established in the French pharmaceutical market thanks to
a number of prescription drugs and a historical presence in the market for self‐medication products, a market
in which Tonipharm S.a.s. (acquired at the end of 2018) operates. It markets products covering a wide range
of treatment areas, such as the cardiovascular area with Reselip® (atorvastatin + ezetimibe), Zanextra®
(lercanidipine + enalapril), Logimax® (metoprolol succinate+felodipine), Seloken® (metoprolol tartrate) and
Selozok® (metoprolol succinate), the urology area with Eligard® (leuprorelin acetate), Urorec® (silodosin) and



                                                                                                                 57
                                                      REVIEW OF OPERATIONS AND FINANCIAL ACTIVITIES 2023




Leptoprol® (leuprorelin acetate) and the gastroenterology area with Citrafleet® and Colopeg®, Transipeg®
and TransipegLib®.
Methadone, which for almost 25 years has been part of a successful private/public project with the Public
Hospitals of Paris (APHP), is a synthetic opioid analgesic, used as a heroin substitute for withdrawal
symptoms, for opioid detox therapy and in maintenance programs. Highly specialized staff and dedicated
resources underpin the success of the detoxification programs. The benefits of treatment with methadone
are universally recognized. The most important are the decrease in deaths resulting from the use of narcotics,
the reduction in the spread of viral infections (HIV, HCV), reduced health, legal and social costs related to the
use of drugs and improvements in the health and rehabilitation of addicts.
Laboratoires Bouchara Recordati has a historical presence in the French OTC market including the Hexa line
(Hexaspray®, Hexalyse®, Hexamer® and Haxatoux®), Exomuc® (mucolytic containing N‐acetylcysteine) and
an expansion of the line with the 600 mg formulation, the Ginkor® line for hemorrhoids and heavy legs, and
the Alodont® line, an oral cavity product.
Recordati Rare Diseases S.à. r.l. is dedicated exclusively to treatments for rare diseases and is headquartered
in Paris.
The plant at Saint Victor covers a surface of 6,750 sq. m. and produces up to around 30 million units per year.
It is specialized in the production and packaging of liquid, solid oral and spray formulations. Certain corporate
products are manufactured at the French site (Abufene®, Hexaspray® and Hexalise®) for all the markets
where they are sold.
Furthermore, the Group operates a manufacturing site in Nanterre, near Paris, covering 1,600 sq. m., entirely
dedicated to the secondary packaging, storage and shipping of rare disease products. The site delivers, upon
short notice, more than 27,000 orders annually to more than 60 countries worldwide thanks to its highly
qualified staff and a modern Good Distribution Practice (GDP) certified logistics platform.
Sales in France totaled € 179.7 million, up by 6.3% thanks to good performance across both Specialty and
Primary Care and Rare Diseases.
The table below shows sales of the main Specialty and Primary Care products in France:
€ (thousands)            Therapeutic indications                     2023        2022          Changes        %
                                                                                             2023/2022
Methadone                drug addiction                            35,016      34,290               726      2.1
Ginkor®                  ginkgo biloba‐based food                  13,801      15,095            (1,294)   (8.6)
                         supplement
Hexa line                oral antibacterial                        13,702      11,183             2,520     22.5
Reselip®                 Hypercholesterolemia,                     13,283       6,616             6,667    100.8
                         dyslipidemia
Eligard®                 Prostate Cancer                           10,820      10,165               655      6.4
Seloken®/Seloken® ZOK/ hypertension,                               10,364      10,580              (216)   (2.0)
Logimax                cardiac disorders
Transipeg®             Laxative                                     7,435       7,604              (169)   (2.2)
Lercan®/Zanidip®/        Hypertension                               4,390       4,511              (121)   (2.7)
lercanidipine
Zanextra®/Lercapress®    Hypertension                               3,577       3,848              (272)   (7.1)

Sales benefited from the strong growth in both the seasonal flu products, in particular the Hexa line, a leader
in the treatment of seasonal winter illnesses and Exomuc®, and the cardiovascular medications, with a strong
uptake of Reselip® and a steady growth of Eligard®.




                                                                                                              58
                                                    REVIEW OF OPERATIONS AND FINANCIAL ACTIVITIES 2023




Sales of drugs for the treatment of rare diseases amounted to € 36.4 million, up by 5% thanks to the
contribution from both the endocrinology and the oncology products, partly offset by the erosion of
Carbaglu® sales.


SPAIN
Casen Recordati S.L., with headquarters in Madrid and production and R&D facilities in Utebo (Zaragoza,
Spain) markets an extensive and substantial portfolio of Specialty and Primary Care products in
Gastroenterology, Pediatrics, Gynecology, Cardiology, Urology and Psychiatry.
Additionally, Recordati Rare Diseases Spain S.L., after the merger of EUSA Pharma Iberia S.L., markets the
entire portfolio of products for the treatment of rare diseases.
The Spanish plant is located near Zaragoza, covering a surface area of 7,100 sq. m., and produces around 24
million units a year. It is specialized in the production and packaging of solid and liquid oral and topical
formulations. The plant manufactures a line of gastroenterological products, and a packaging line was
installed and approved a few years ago for the packaging of tablets in bottles.
In relation to the Group's environmental commitment, the project to install a photovoltaic solar panel system
with the capacity to generate up to 185 kWh of electricity for self‐consumption has been successfully
completed. In 2023, a new project for increasing the capacity up to 470 kWh within the next two years was
started.
In 2023, sales in Spain totaled € 165.1 million (+15.8%), increasing across both Specialty and Primary Care
and Rare Diseases. The increase in the Specialty and Primary Care products leveraged on the organic growth
in the sales of the promoted products like Eligard® (+14.9%), Casenlax® (+ 18.7%), Reagila® (+ 28.9%) and
Virirec® (+ 13.5%), together with the increase in sales of products associated with digestive and metabolic
problems, including BI‐Oralsuero and Oral Rehydration Solutions (up by 12.1% and 17.4% respectively),
mantaining its position in the oral rehydration market as undisputed leader. In 2023 The company has also
successfully launched Rizmoic®, for the treatment of opioid‐induced constipation in adult patients, and
Muvagyn Vaginal Probiotic®, the first probiotic vaginal approved as a drug in Spanish market. Furthermore,
the company has started the distribution of Avodart® and Combodart®/Duodart® following the agreement
reached with GSK, which contributed sales of € 8.1 million in the latter part of 2023.
Casen Recordati has received “Great Place To Work Certificate”, an important recognition awarded to
companies that, following assessments conducted according to global standards, meet the criteria of an
excellent work environment with a positive employee experience and a high‐trust corporate culture.
The table below shows sales of the main Specialty and Primary Care products in Spain:

€ (thousands)     Therapeutic indications                  2023              2022         Changes           %
                                                                                        2023/2022
Eligard®          Prostate Cancer                         33,941           29,541            4,401       14.9
                                                                                                            2
CitraFleet®       Bowel cleansing                         19,945           19,792              153        0.8
BI‐Oralsuero      Oral rehydration for diarrhoea           8,472            7.559              913       12.1
Avodart® and      Benign prostatic hyperplasia             8,149                0            8,149        n.a.
Duodart®
Enema Casen       Bowel cleansing                          7,936            7,602              334         4.4
Reagila®          Schizophrenia                            7,773            6,029            1,744       28.9
Livazo®           Hypercholesterolemia                     6,403            6,529            (126)       (1.9)
Urorec®           Benign prostatic hyperplasia             6,240            6,473            (233)       (3.6)
Zanipress®        Hypertension                             4,463            4,046              417       10.3
Virirec®          Erectile dysfunction                     4,699            4,139              560       13.5




                                                                                                           59
                                                     REVIEW OF OPERATIONS AND FINANCIAL ACTIVITIES 2023




In 2023, sales of rare disease products were € 29.3 million, up by 22.1% due to both the inclusion of products
for rare cancers acquired with EUSA Pharma, reaching € 14.7 million in 2023, and to the growth in the
Endocrinology products.


GERMANY
Recordati Pharma GmbH offers a wide range of therapeutic solutions to healthcare professionals and their
patients.
The urology segment was always a focus area with established brands like Urorec® and Fortacin®. In March
2021, the German branch strengthened its presence, with the active marketing of Eligard® for prostate
cancer. Since October, the distribution of Avodart® and Duodart®, for benign prostatic hyperplasia, was
added to the range of urology treatments covered by Recordati.
Recordati Pharma GmbH is also one of the most esteemed German pharmaceutical companies in the field of
orthopedics, where it has developed a strong presence and supplies therapeutic solutions like Ortoton® and
Ortoton Forte® (methocarbamol), a muscle relaxant used for back pain. Recosyn® (hyaluronic acid), for
arthritis treatment regimens, Lipotalon® (dexamethasone palmitate), used to alleviate pain in the presence
of inflammation of the joints, and Binosto® (alendronic acid) effervescent tablets used to treat osteoporosis
that presents with the onset of menopause, are also very popular.
With the launch of Reagila® (cariprazine) in 2018, Recordati entered an additional therapeutic area,
psychiatry. With Reagila®, Recordati provides an innovative treatment option for patients suffering from
schizophrenia, helping them to deal with negative and positive symptoms whilst maintaining participation in
their social lives.
Besides the above‐mentioned focus areas, Recordati Pharma GmbH offers a wide range of other treatments.
In the field of cardiovascular diseases, the Group offers calcium channel blocker antihypertensives Corifeo®
and Zanipress® and beta blocker Beloc®ZOK, Beloc® and Mobloc® (metoprolol).
In the pediatric segment, Recordati Pharma is also well‐positioned with two brands, Laxbene® and Mirfulan®.
The first is used for the treatment of constipation and the second takes care especially of the smallest
patients suffering from skin lesions like diaper rash.
In the gastroenterology field, for the treatment of chronic inflammatory intestinal conditions, Recordati
offers Claversal® (mesalazine) and in 2021, introduced the 1‐gram Citrafleet® suppositories and Fleet
Phosphosoda.
Operations in the segment dedicated to rare diseases in this country are carried out by Recordati Rare
Diseases Germany GmbH.
Overall sales in Germany were € 150.9 million, down by 10% compared to the previous year, mainly due to
reference pricing on Ortoton® and Claversal® and decision to exit some tenders. Worthy of note is the good
performance from Eligard® and lercanidipine.




                                                                                                           60
                                                     REVIEW OF OPERATIONS AND FINANCIAL ACTIVITIES 2023




The performance in the main Specialty and Primary Care products is as follows:

€ (thousands)              Therapeutic indications           2023           2022            Changes         %
                                                                                          2023/2022
Ortoton®                   muscle relaxant                  24,565        33,694              (9,129)   (27.1)
Seloken®/Seloken®          hypertension                     14,032        15,035              (1,003)    (6.7)
ZOK/Logimax®               cardiac disorders
Corifeo®/Lercanidipine     hypertension                     16,329        15,517                  812      5.2
Eligard®                   Prostate Cancer                  15,241        13,919                1,322      9.5
Claversal®                 ulcerative colitis                8,169         9,507              (1,138)   (14.1)
Mirfulan®                  Healing ointment                  9,343         8,386                  957     11.4
Citrafleet®                Bowel cleansing                   6,469         5,459                1,011     18.5
Recosyn®                   Musculoskeletal                   7,688         7,092                  596      8.4

Sales in self‐medication products improved in Germany, reaching € 39.4 million, mainly thanks to the good
performance of both Laxbene® (+30.2%) and Citrafleet® (+18.5%).
Additional growth came from the area of treatment of rare diseases, which reached € 44.8 million (+13.6%),
including new products for rare and niche cancers and reflecting a positive performance of the Endocrinology
products.


RUSSIA, OTHER CIS COUNTRIES AND UKRAINE
Rusfic LLC, FIC Médical S.à r.l. and Recordati Ukraine LLC, are the Recordati group companies that operate in
Russia and in other markets of the Commonwealth of Independent States (CIS), in Ukraine and in Central
Asia. Success in these regions is based largely on the progressive affirmation of the main corporate portfolio
products, including Procto‐Glyvenol®, Urorec®, Zanidip®, Lomexin® Livazo® that were launched in these
regions, as well as the anti‐infective products like Tergynan®, a well‐established treatment for gynecological
infections, and Polydexa® and Isofra®, products indicated for the treatment of ENT disorders. The portfolio
also includes popular self‐medication products, including well‐known food supplements like the vitamins
Alfavit® and Qudesan®, OTC products like the oral cavity antibacterials in the Hexa line, Hexalyse® and
Hexaspray® and the intestinal absorbent product (enterosorbent) White Carbo®.
Following the outbreak of conflict between Russia and Ukraine, in 2022, the logistics chain and delivery of
medicines in Ukraine was made secure to guarantee Ukrainian patients’ permanent access to medicine. In
Russia, the Group adopted an operating plan that ensures the continuity of its Russian branch in full
compliance with all relevant laws and regulations, with special focus on international sanctions.
Revenue in Russia, Ukraine and in the countries within the Commonwealth of Independent States (CIS)
through the different subsidiaries was € 140.6 million, up by 6.8%, and includes an estimated adverse
exchange rate effect of € 27.2 million.
Revenue realized in Russia was RUB 9,820.1 million in local currency, up by 21.9% over the previous year.
The table below shows overall sales of the main Specialty and Primary Care products in Russia in local
currency.

RUB (thousands)          Therapeutic indications            2023            2022           Changes           %
                                                                                         2023/2022
Polydexa®                Ear infections                 2,535,991       2,182,608          353,383        16.2
Tergynan®                Gynecological infections       1,238,603         943,035          295,568        31.3
Procto‐Glyvenol®         Hemorrhoids                      946,451         753,935          192,516        25.5
Isofra®                  Nasal infections               1,472,973       1,175,592          297,380        25.3




                                                                                                            61
                                                       REVIEW OF OPERATIONS AND FINANCIAL ACTIVITIES 2023




The main product in the Russian portfolio is Polydexa®, with sales increasing over the previous year by 16.2%,
together with Isofra® and Hexaspray®, corporate products associated with seasonal flu illnesses. Sales of
Tergynan® grew by 31.3%, driven by higher volumes as well as the promoted corporate products Urorec®,
Procto‐Glyvenol® and Livazo® that also recorded a strong volume growth.
Revenue in Ukraine and other countries in the CIS, mainly Belarus, Kazakhstan and Armenia, came to € 23.7
million, up by 24.0%, essentially due to higher sales in Ukraine, which came to UAH 545.6 million, with an
increase of 52.9% in local currency.
In 2023, sales of rare disease products in Russia, Ukraine and in the countries within the Commonwealth of
Independent States (CIS) came to € 19.6 million, up by 50.3% due to both the inclusion of products for rare
cancers acquired with EUSA Pharma and to the growth of Metabolics products (mainly Carbaglu®, driven by
both volume and price growth).


TÜRKIYE
Recordati Ilaç, the Group’s Turkish subsidiary, is one of the top 30 pharmaceutical companies in value in
Türkiye. It continues to strengthen its position in the Turkish pharmaceutical market and has a strong,
consolidated presence in the fields of urology, uro‐oncology, cardiology, surgery, gynecology and in
rehabilitation. The subsidiary markets the corporate products Lercadip®, Zanipress®, Alipza®, Urorec®,
Eligard®, Gyno‐Lomexin®, Procto‐Glyvenol®, Phospho‐soda®, Citrafleet® and Casenlax®, together with the
local brands Mictonorm® and Mictonorm SR® (propiverine hydrochloride), used for the treatment of
hyperactive bladder and urinary incontinence, Cabral® (phenyramidol hydrochloride), a muscle relaxant,
Kreval® (butamirate citrate), a cough suppressant, Aknetrent® (isotretinoin), used for the treatment of severe
acne, Pankreoflat® (pancreatin), a treatment for dyspepsia, Prepagel® (escin, diethylamine salicylate), for use
in cases of bruises, sprains, hematoma, Colchicum‐Dispert® (colchicine) indicated in the treatment of gut,
secondary prevention of cardiovascular diseases, pericarditis and the antibiotic Ciprasid® (ciprofloxacin).
Recordati Ilaç has a significant production facility in Cerkezkoy, Türkiye, built on 45,000 sq. m. of land and
covering approximately 11,300 sq. m. It currently produces around 70 million units per year of solid oral and
liquid formulations and products for topical use, of which 25% are for other pharmaceutical companies. The
project for the installation of a new liquid line has started in 2023 and will allow to significantly increase the
production capacity from 2025. The Çerkezköy plant, in addition to the Turkish market, is authorized to
produce medicines for the European Union, Azerbaijan, Libya, Kenya, the Russian Federation, Kyrgyzstan and
Kazakhstan.
In relation to the Group’s environmental commitment, the project to install a photovoltaic solar panel system
with the capacity to generate up to 476 kWh of electricity for self‐consumption has already started in 2023
and will be completed in 2024.
Recordati Ilaç has received “Great Place To Work Certificate”, which is awarded to companies that meet the
criteria of a great workplace with a positive employee experience and a culture of high trust, as a result of
assessments and analyses carried out according to global standards.
The Turkish team created the Recordati Memorial Forest with 10,000 saplings, on behalf of all the employees,
in order to protect the environment. Sapling planting is planned to be completed between fall 2023 and
spring 2024.
Sales in Türkiye were € 97.5 million, up by 31.2% and included a negative currency exchange effect estimated
at € 60.1 million compared to the prior year. The effect of applying IAS 29 “Financial Reporting in
Hyperinflationary Economies” to activities in Türkiye caused a positive effect on net revenue of € 20.5 million,
while the specific provisions of IAS 21 resulted in a negative effect of € 20.8 million (difference between
translation at average FX vs end of period FX), with a negligible negative impact on revenues (approximately
€ 0.3 million). The Turkish subsidiary’s sales in local currency were up by 138.1% thanks to subsequent price
increases granted by the government through the year (the first effective in January, the second at the end



                                                                                                               62
                                                     REVIEW OF OPERATIONS AND FINANCIAL ACTIVITIES 2023




of July) to offset the devaluation of the Turkish lira, as well as a robust volume growth in both key corporate
products, in particular Livazo® (sold in Türkiye under the Alipza® brand), Urorec®, Eligard® and Procto‐
Glyvenol®, and local products Cabral®, Kreval®, Mictonorm® and Metpamid® (metoclopramide).
The table below shows the trend for the main Specialty and Primary Care products in local currency
(excluding the effect of IAS 29 application).

TRY (thousands)    Therapeutic indications                2023            2022        Changes                %
                                                                                    2023/2022
Mictonorm®         urinary incontinence                410,301         207,079         203,222            98.1
Cabral®            muscle relaxant                     304,824         132,141         172,683           130.7
Livazo®            hypercholesterolemia                315,276         160,743         154,533            96.1
Urorec®            benign prostatic hyperplasia        298,316         132,776         165,540           124.7
Lercadip®          hypertension                        146,677          75,677          71,001            93.8
Procto‐Glyvenol®   hemorrhoids                         168,822          80,791          88,031           109.0
Kreval®            cough                               273,421         105,371         168,051             n.s.
Ciprasid®          anti‐infective                       66,681          38,217          28,464            74.5
Zanipress®         hypertension                         60,864          45,277          15,588            34.4

Sales of products for the treatment of rare diseases amounted to € 3.5 million, down by 64.6% compared to
the previous year due to restrictions on importing Cystadrops®.


PORTUGAL
Jaba Recordati S.A. maintains a solid position in the Portuguese pharmaceutical market, especially in the
cardiovascular (Livazo® and Zanipress®), urological (Urorec®), gastrointestinal (Citrafleet®, Eligard®
Urojaba®), pain control areas (TransAct® LAT and Seractil®), the central nervous system (Reagila® and
Saffrox®) as well as the self‐medication products market (Guronsan® Aloclair® Biogaia®). Among the main
products is Egostar®, a Vitamin D supplement.
Jaba Recordati S.A. has recently been appointed as the “Best CME company for social responsibility 2023”
(Human Resources 2023) and as a part of the top ranking of “Company with purpose” award 2023
(Consortium of Purpose lab, relative impact and HR).
Overall sales in Portugal were € 60.2 million, growing by 12.6% compared to 2022.
Despite generic competition on the main products, Specialty and Primary Care sales in Portugal rose 9.9%,
primary driven by the contribution of Eligard® and Reagila® (medicine to treat schizophrenia), and a steady
growth from Zanicor ® (hypertension medicine), Carzap AM® (medicine to treat hypertension) and the new
product Enerzair®, which was launched in 2022.




                                                                                                            63
                                                     REVIEW OF OPERATIONS AND FINANCIAL ACTIVITIES 2023




The table below shows the main Specialty and Primary Care products:
€ (thousands)     Therapeutic indications                      2023          2022       Changes               %
                                                                                      2023/2022
TransAct® LAT     Anti‐inflammatory                           5,314          5,011           304             6.1
Eligard®          Prostate Cancer                             6,850          6,137           713            11.6
Livazo®           Hypercholesterolemia                        2,690          3,186         (496)          (15.6)
Microlax®         Laxative                                    4,418          3,721           697            18.7
Reagila®          Schizophrenia                               3,411          2,397         1,014            42.3
Egostar®          Vitamin D3                                  3,397          3,162           235             7.4
Zanipress®        Hypertension                                1,573          1,694         (120)           (7.1)
Urorec®           Benign prostatic hyperplasia                1,357          1,474         (117)           (8.0)

Sales of rare disease treatments amounted to € 5.2 million, up by 52.0% compared to 2022, mainly driven by
oncology products.


OTHER WESTERN EUROPEAN COUNTRIES
The Recordati Group is also present with its own subsidiaries in the United Kingdom with Recordati
Pharmaceuticals Ltd, EUSA Pharma (UK) Limited and Recordati Rare Diseases United Kingdom Ltd, in Ireland
through its subsidiary Recordati Ireland Ltd, in Greece with Recordati Hellas Pharmaceuticals S.A., in
Switzerland through Recordati AG (also present in Austria through Recordati GmbH), in the Nordic countries
with Recordati AB and in BeNelux with Recordati BV. Sales in this area totalled € 152.4 million, up by 11.5%
compared to 2022, of which € 62.2 million related to products for the treatment of rare diseases marketed
by Recordati Rare Diseases, up 18.7% thanks also to the integration of EUSA Pharma products.


SWITZERLAND AND AUSTRIA
The Recordati Group is present in Switzerland through Recordati AG, which is headquartered in Zug and also
operates in Austria through Recordati GmbH. The portfolio mainly comprises consolidated metoprolol‐based
cardiovascular products in addition to Zanidip®, Zanipress®, Beloc Zok®, the anti‐cholesterol Livazo®, Eligard®
in the urology field for the treatment of advanced stage prostate cancer, and Urorec®, for the treatment of
benign prostatic hyperplasia. Other important brands are Lacdigest® (tilactase), used in lactose intolerance,
Tretinac® (isotretinoin), a treatment for severe acne, and Urocit® (potassium citrate) for the prevention of
kidney stones. Recordati AG has a presence in the psychiatric therapeutic area with Reagila®, an innovative
product for the treatment of schizophrenia in adults which addresses unmet psychiatric medical needs.
In addition, following the agreement with GSK sales and distribution activities of Avodart® (dutasteride) and
Combodart®/Duodart® (dutasteride/tamsulosin) for the Swiss market were transitioned to Recordati AG.
In 2019, following the acquisition from Novartis of Signifor®, Signifor LAR® and Isturisa®, Recordati AG
opened a branch office in Basel responsible for the Rare Diseases business at a global level. The activities of
the branch include manufacturing, clinical development, regulatory affairs, medical affairs, marketing, sales
and distribution.
Isturisa®, Signifor® and Signifor LAR®, which are indicated for Cushing syndrome, Cushing’s disease, and
acromegaly, respsectively, are also commercialized in Switzerland. As of 2022, following the acquisition of
EUSA Pharma, the Group also works in Switzerland in the oncology rare diseases segment through the
company Recordati Rare Diseases GmbH.
The Group also has a manufacturing site in Basel (within the Novartis Campus). The plant, acquired in 2022
in the context of agreements with Novartis for the acquisition of the rights to Signifor, covers around 1500



                                                                                                            64
                                                      REVIEW OF OPERATIONS AND FINANCIAL ACTIVITIES 2023




sqm. Since the successful qualification in 2012 and GMP certification by Swissmedic, it is used for commercial
production of Signifor® LAR.
Overall sales in Switzerland and Austria reached € 42.2 million, up 14.6% compared to previous year, with a
steady growth in both Specialty and Primary Care products (+10.6%), thanks to the good performance by
Livazo® and Reagila®, and in the Rare Diseases products (+29.8%) growing in all the treatment areas.


GREECE
Recordati Hellas Pharmaceuticals S.A. is the Recordati subsidiary operating in Greece offering products in
different therapeutic areas such as cardiovascular, urology, gynecology, psychiatry, dermatology and
gastrointestinal. In the cardiovascular area, popular products are Livazo® and Lopresor®, a selective beta
blocker indicated for the treatment of hypertension, Zanidip®/Lercadip® (lercanidipine) and its fixed
combination with enalapril Lercaprel®/Zaneril®, and Logimax®, for the treatment of hypertension. In the
psychiatric area, Reagila® (cariprazine) was launched in 2021. In the urology segment, the main products are
Urorec® and Vitaros®. Completing the product portfolio are the antimycotic Lomexin® and Citrafleet®.
From October 2023, Recordati Hellas is distributing and promoting Avodart® and Duodart® (both GSK
products) for the treatment of BPH.
Recordati Hellas is also distributing some Recordati Rare Disease products.
Overall, 2023 sales in Greece totaled € 22.6 million, with € 18.4 million of sales in Specialty and Primary Care
products, including Avodart® and Duodart® for € 1.5 million, and € 4.2 million of sales in Rare Diseases
products.


UNITED KINGDOM
Recordati Pharmaceuticals Limited is the Group company marketing a wide array of new and classic Recordati
brands in the United Kingdom for Specialty and Primary Care products, including Reagila®, Cleen Enema®,
Combodart® and lercanidipine products.
EUSA Pharma (UK) Limited and Recordati Rare Diseases UK Limited are the Group companies that market the
Rare Diseases products in the oncology and endocrinology/metabolic areas, respectively.
Overall, sales in the United Kingdom were € 28.5 million, up 16.0% and reflect primarily products for the
treatment of rare diseases, which represent 62.3% of the business.


IRELAND
Recordati Ireland, the Group’s Irish subsidiary, markets products in Urology & Uro‐Oncology (including
Eligard®, Urorec® and Combodart®) as well as established products for cardiovascular disease (including
Zanidip®, Lercaril® and Betaloc®) and Gastroenterology products (such as Cleen Enema®, Citrafleet® and
Phosphosoda®).
Sales in Ireland reached € 5.5 million in 2023, out of which Specialty and Primary Care amounted to € 3.4
million, up 66.7% on 2022, due predominantly to high demand for Zanidip® preparations.


NORDIC AND BENELUX COUNTRIES
Starting in 2018, the organizational structure of subsidiaries Recordati AB in Sweden and Recordati BV in
Belgium was reinforced to promote and market general medicine and specialty products, in addition to
products for the treatment of rare diseases in the Nordic countries and in BeNeLux.




                                                                                                             65
                                                       REVIEW OF OPERATIONS AND FINANCIAL ACTIVITIES 2023




The Nordic countries are managed by the Swedish branch, with headquarters in Kista (Stockholm), which
also operates directly in Denmark, Norway, Finland and Iceland.
Overall sales in 2023 totaled € 27.0 million, of which € 16.5 million was for Specialty and Primary Care
products, such as Eligard and Reagila and products in the cardiovascular segment, such as Seloken®, Seloken
ZOC®, Logimax®, Zanidip® and Zanipress®, and to a lesser extent, the gastrointestinal area, with products
such as Citrafleet®, Cleen Enema and Phospho‐soda®. Rare Diseases sales in 2023 amounted to € 10.5 million,
covering with its products all the treatments areas in which the Group is active.
Recordati BV, with headquarters in Brussels and a branch in Oss, Netherlands, manages direct distribution in
Belgium, the Netherlands and Luxembourg. The promotion is primarly focused on Urology and more
specifically, Eligard® and Silodyx as the main brands, in combination with the distribution of the Cardio
(lercanidipine and metoprolol) and Gastro portfolio (Cleen Enema® and Citrafleet®).
Overall, sales in 2023 reached € 31.2 million, of which € 13.7 million is related to Specialty and Primary Care
products while the Rare Diseases products in 2023 amounted to € 17.5 million.


OTHER CENTRAL AND EASTERN EUROPEAN COUNTRIES
The Recordati Group has subsidiaries in Poland, the Czech Republic and Slovakia, Romania and Bulgaria and
sells directly in the Baltic States. Sales in this area totalled € 150.4 million, up by 16.7% compared to 2022, of
which € 29 million related to products for the treatment of rare diseases marketed by Recordati Rare
Diseases, growing by 33.8% thanks to both oncology and endocrinology products’ growth.


POLAND
The Group’s subsidiary in Poland, Recordati Polska Sp z o.o., markets a diversified product portfolio that is
well‐positioned in the cardiovascular, gastroenterology, gynecology and uro‐oncology areas, as well as the
self‐medication segment. The main products include Betaloc® ZOK (metoprolol succinate), a product widely
used for the treatment of angina pectoris and other cardiac disorders, Eligard®, a recently reintroduced drug
for the treatment of hormone‐dependent prostate cancer (PCa), Procto‐ Glyvenol® for the treatment of
hemorrhoids, Gynoxin® a vaginal infection treatment, Uprox® (tamsulosin), for lower urinary tract
disturbances associated with enlargement of the prostate, the hypertension medications Lercan®
(lercanidipine) and Lercaprel® (lercanidipine+enalapril). In 2021, Recordati Polska launched Salaza®
(mesalazine) to strengthen its position in the gastroenterology segment, where it successfully markets
Citrafleet®, an established corporate product.
Overall sales in Poland for 2023 were € 59.0 million, thanks to positive momentum in every therapeutical
area both in the Specialty & Primary Care sector, which recorded sales of € 47.3 million, and in the Rare
Diseases sector, with sales of € 11.7 million.


CZECH REPUBLIC AND SLOVAKIA
Herbacos Recordati s.r.o., the Group’s subsidiary in the Czech Republic and in Slovakia, successfully markets
pharmaceutical Specialty and Primary Care products belonging to several therapeutic areas, including
cardiology, oncology, urology, gynecology and self‐medication products, such as analgesics, anti‐
inflammatories and dermatology medicines. The subsidiary’s growth was supported by Eligard® (leuprorelin
acetate) for treatment of hormone‐dependent prostate cancer, Betaloc® (metoprolol) for treatment of
hypotension and other cardiac issues, Pivinorm® (pivmecillinam), a uro‐gynaecological treatment for simple
lower urinary tract infections, and Lomexin®, which became OTC in June 2022. Well‐established in the self‐
medication market are the brands Procto‐Glyvenol®, the analgesic Valetol® (paracetamol), the flu treatment
Acylpyrin® (acetylsalicylic acid) and Infadolan®, a topical treatment for dry and cracked skin recommended
after using hand disinfectant products.


                                                                                                               66
                                                      REVIEW OF OPERATIONS AND FINANCIAL ACTIVITIES 2023




The subsidiary operates a small pharmaceutical production plant, situated in Pardubice, which produces
creams, gels and ointments for a total of around 2 million units per year.
Sales in the Specialty and Primary Care business totaled € 36.9 million, up by 14.0%, in particular thanks to
the growth of Betaloc® (metoprolol) and the continued growth of Eligard® holding and strengthening the
position of market leader on both highly competitive Betaloc ® and Eligard ® local markets.
Sales of rare disease treatments amounted to € 3.6 million, mainly driven by oncology products.


ROMANIA AND BULGARIA
Recordati Romania S.R.L. promotes prescription and self‐mediation products successfully.
Sales in Romania for Specialty and Primary Care products were € 24.4 million, up by 14.5%, thanks mainly to
good performance from the prescription treatment portfolio (Betaloc Zok®) and the continued growth of
Eligard®. Bulgaria’s sales for Specialty and Primary Care products totalled € 6.2 million, increasing by 5.4%
mainly for higher sales of Betaloc Zok®.
Sales of rare disease treatments in Bulgaria and Romania amounted to € 4.0 million, with a growth of +24.5%
compared to previous year mainly driven by oncology products.


BALTIC STATES
The Group established a direct presence in the Baltics in 2019, with the opening of the Recordati Polska Sp.
Z o.o. representative office in Lithuania, directly supporting the Recordati Specialty and Primary Care product
portfolio not just in Lithuania but also in Latvia and Estonia. The main products marketed in this area are
Betaloc®, Procto‐Glyvenol®, the market leader in the haemorrhoids segment in Lithuania and Latvia, as well
as Lomexin®, Urorec®, Urispas® and Ginkor®. Recordati started to market Eligard® in Lithuania and Latvia in
2021.
Direct sales to the Baltic States of Specialty and Primary Care products reached € 6.6 million in 2023, down
by 3.8% compared to previous year due to Eligard® and metoprolol‐based cardiovascular products not being
reimbursed in Lithuania in 2023.
Sales of Recordati Rare Diseases products in the Baltics were € 2.7 million, slightly below the previous year
mainly due to the slowdown of metabolic products.


NORTH AFRICA
Recordati is present in North Africa with Opalia Recordati S.à.r.l. and Opalia Pharma S.A. in Tunisia and
through its export business from Laboratoires Bouchara in France, mainly towards Algeria.
Opalia Pharma is one of the most important Tunisian pharmaceutical companies. It ranks fourth in the local
pharmaceutical market in value and is the second fastest growing company. It markets branded generic drugs
with leading products in cardiology, dermatology, gastrointestinal and respiratory treatment areas.
It manufactures most of its products at its own facility, which is located in Ariana, near to Tunis, covering an
area of around 9,100 sq. m. The plant produces around 18 million units a year of liquid, semi‐solid and oral
solid forms for the local market and for some of the countries in the Arabian Peninsula. Certified GMP
compliant, the manufacturing site was approved by the Gulf Health Council and the Saudi Food and Drug
Authority. During 2023, a project to expand the existing warehouse was started.
In relation to the Group’s environmental commitment, the project to install a photovoltaic solar panel system
with the capacity to generate up to 1200 kWh of electricity for self‐consumption was started in 2023 and will
be completed in 2025.



                                                                                                             67
                                                      REVIEW OF OPERATIONS AND FINANCIAL ACTIVITIES 2023




Total sales in North Africa were € 40.2 million, up by 6.8%. In 2023, sales in Tunisia through subsidiaries
amounted to € 35.0 million, increasing by 9.0% (or +12.5% in local currency).
This performance comes mainly from a consolidated growth of established brands (Vitamin D3 B.O.N®,
Zanidip®, Zanextra®, Urorec®, NotosCombi®..), new launches in cardiology with Elixtra® (apixaban),
respiratory with Xtiova® (tiotropium) and OTC portfolio products (such as Ialuproct®, Ialuflex®, Calcidos®).


OTHER INTERNATIONAL SALES
Other international sales were at € 265.5 million, up by 15.8%, and comprise the sales and other revenue
from licensees for corporate products, Laboratoires Bouchara Recordati’s and Casen Recordati’s export sales
and Recordati Rare Diseases’ sales in all other countries not described above.
Revenue from foreign licensees were € 105.6 million, up by 7.3% mainly thanks to higher sales of
Lercadinipine and other products with a strong performance in Central Eastern Europe, China, Thailand and
Algeria.
Foreign sales by the French subsidiary Laboratoires Bouchara Recordati, excluding those in North Africa,
came to € 14.4 million, decreasing by 8.8%, while those of the Spanish subsidiary Casen Recordati came to €
2.9 million, with an increase of 80.6% over the previous year.
Revenue generated by products treating rare diseases in other countries, mainly in Canada and Australia,
some countries in Latin America, the Middle East and Asia amounted to € 139.0 million, with a 25.5% increase
with respect to the previous year, thanks also to the additional contribution of the rare oncology portfolio.


PHARMACEUTICAL CHEMICALS SALES BY GEOGRAPHIC AREA
Sales of pharmaceutical chemicals, which comprise active substances produced in the Campoverde di Aprilia
plant for other international pharmaceutical companies, were at € 54.0 million, increasing by 10.5%
compared to the previous year. In particular, the growth of Manidipine Dihydrochloride continues in Asia,
with also recovery in the market for Dimenhydrinate in South America and an important commercial
development for Methenamine Ippurate in Europe.
The sales of active ingredients by geographical area are shown below.

€ (thousands)                                  2023          %       2022           %     Changes          %
                                                                                        2023/2022
Italy                                         3,691         6.8      2,652        5.4        1,039      39.2
Europe (Italy excluded)                      15,209        28.1     14,353       29.4          856         6
US                                            6,735        12.5      7,572       15.5        (837)    (11.1)
America (US excluded)                         5,541        10.3      4,725        9.7          816      17.3
Australasia                                  21,528        39.8     16,990       34.7        4,538      26.7
Africa                                        1,327         2.5      2,583        5.3      (1,256)    (48.6)
Total                                        54,031       100.0     48,875      100.0        5,156      10.5




                                                                                                           68
                       REVIEW OF OPERATIONS AND FINANCIAL ACTIVITIES 2023




REVIEW OF OPERATIONS

HEALTH, SAFETY AND ENVIRONMENT




                                                                            69
                                                     REVIEW OF OPERATIONS AND FINANCIAL ACTIVITIES 2023




Workplace health and safety, environmental protection, and prevention are important
priorities of the Recordati group.
A clear and well‐defined organization of roles aimed at protecting the health and safety
of workers, combined with a systemic approach in the management of these issues and
in the safeguard of the environment and natural resources, allows Recordati to
implement a sustainable company policy and to continuously improve the
management of activities with the objective of constantly reducing work‐related and
environmental risks.

2023 was a productive year for the Recordati group, also in the area of health, safety and environmental
performances.
The Company further strengthened the Group Environment, Health, and Safety (EHS) guidelines within
production plants and created a new position at Group level dedicated to monitoring EHS performance. The
Company has robust procedures in place to govern this area (“Procedures for Prevention Management,
Accident Management and Medical Services” and “Procedures for environmental management”). The
application of these standards is periodically verified through internal audits.
The following common characteristics and measures for risk prevention are required to be implemented
within the management system for health, safety and the environment that the Recordati group applies in
both its pharmaceutical chemicals and its pharmaceutical plants: the identification of clearly defined and
disclosed roles and responsibilities within each organization, compliance with all applicable standards and
regulatory requirements, risk assessment, training, information, and medical‐fitness monitoring for all
workers, proper maintenance standards, application of environmental protection systems designed to
minimize environmental impacts and appropriate emergency measures. The Group systematically monitors
and analyses injuries, accidents and near‐misses trend which occur among the production sites as well as any
work‐related illness. For every event, a root‐cause analysis is performed, and an action plan aimed at
preventing similar episodes is prepared and implemented. The results of these analyses of industrial
accidents are periodically submitted to Risk, Control and CSR Committee. Recordati adopts a systematic
approach to the management of health, safety, and the environment, and sets itself a specific objective not
only to comply with the different regulations in force in the country the production sites belong, but also to
continuously improve the management of these subjects.
Risk assessment is the fundamental tool of the safety management system, thanks to which the risk control
element and the related prevention and protection measures to be adopted or monitored are defined, with
the aim of reducing work risks for the health and safety of workers. The updating of the risk assessment
document is a continuous activity and it registers the sequence of the actions undertaken to improve the
working environment and the activities in progress, and it also includes assessments of new activities or
changes made to the operations.
Training, information, and awareness of the workers are fundamental means of prevention in all matters
related to health, safety, and the environment. Health and safety training programs are implemented to
ensure adequate skills of everyone within the whole organization. The Recordati group is committed to
increase the attention placed by personnel on risks and the prevention measures put in place to reduce
accident rates caused by human error. Training and the information sharing on the organization of safety in
the Company is provided for all employees and, thanks also to the use of remote training, the operational
forces in the field are also systematically involved.
Maintenance is one of the key activities for prevention. Equipment, systems, and machinery are subject to
regular maintenance programs performed by both internal and external qualified resources.
Outsourcing to third party contractors is managed by special internal procedures which include the
verification that the contractor is technically suitable and the sharing of the potential interference risk, to




                                                                                                            70
                                                      REVIEW OF OPERATIONS AND FINANCIAL ACTIVITIES 2023




reduce, and if possible, eliminate, potential conflicts between the work activities of external firms and the
normal operations of the Company.
Particular attention is placed on preventing any form of pollution and protecting the environment. This is
controlled and managed in the pharmaceutical chemicals plants by an environmental management system
that includes the organizational structure, planning activities, roles and responsibilities, operating practices,
procedures, and resources to formulate, implement, review, and maintain the Company’s environmental
policies.
After the Company reported the potential contamination of the site in the past, a procedure is underway at
the Campoverde plant, in which a two‐phase Soil and Groundwaters Characterization Plan was approved.
The Conference of Authorities, called by the local Authorities for the approval of the data obtained in the Soil
Characterization Plan and the resulting Risk Analysis, preparatory to the definition of the necessary
Operational Security measures, was opened in October 2023. The activities continue in full collaboration with
the Competent Authorities.
Moreover, the environmental management system goes beyond carefully ensuring that laws and regulations
for preventing potential incidents from occurring are complied with. It involves a program of corporate
attitude continuous improvement in relation to the surrounding environment.
In 2023, as in previous years, the Recordati plants underwent regular periodic inspections with no critical
issues identified.




                                                                                                              71
                                REVIEW OF OPERATIONS AND FINANCIAL ACTIVITIES 2023




REVIEW OF OPERATIONS AND FINANCIAL ACTIVITIES 2023

FINANCIAL REVIEW




                                                                                     72
                                                                       REVIEW OF OPERATIONS AND FINANCIAL ACTIVITIES 2023




INCOME STATEMENT
Income statement items are shown below, with the relative percentage of net revenue and changes
compared to 2022:

€ (thousands)                                                 2023              %                2022          % of        Changes             %
                                                                       of revenue                          revenue       2023/2022
Net revenue                                             2,082,331            100.0        1,853,307           100.0          229,024        12.4
Cost of sales                                            (659,707)           (31.7)        (566,737)          (30.6)         (92,970)       16.4
Gross profit                                            1,422,624              68.3       1,286,570             69.4         136,054        10.6
Selling expenses                                         (472,857)           (22.7)        (462,665)          (25.0)         (10,192)         2.2
Research and development expenses                        (255,747)           (12.3)        (220,102)          (11.9)         (35,645)       16.2
General and administrative expenses                      (128,253)            (6.2)        (109,493)           (5.9)         (18,760)       17.1
Other income/(expenses), net                                (7,759)           (0.4)         (56,984)           (3.1)          49,225      (86.4)
Operating income                                          558,008              26.8          437,326            23.6         120,682        27.6
Financial income/(expenses), net                          (66,972)            (3.2)         (35,891)           (1.9)         (31,081)       86.6
Pre-tax income                                            491,036              23.6          401,435            21.7          89,601        22.3
Income taxes                                             (101,822)            (4.9)         (89,099)           (4.8)         (12,723)       14.3
Net income                                                389,214              18.7          312,336            16.9          76,878        24.6
                          (1)
Adjusted gross profit                                   1,481,571              71.1       1,336,381             72.1         145,190        10.9
                                   (2)
Adjusted operating income                                 626,593              30.1          536,060            28.9          90,533        16.9
Adjusted net income(3)                                    524,591              25.2          473,306            25.5          51,285        10.8
         (4)
EBITDA                                                    769,631              37.0          672,750            36.3          96,881        14.4
Net income attributable to:
Equity holders of the Parent                              389,214              18.7          312,336            16.9          76,878        24.6
Non‐controlling interests                                          0            0.0                  0           0.0                 0        0.0
(1) Gross profit adjusted by the impact of non‐cash charges arising from the allocation of the purchase price of EUSA Pharma to the gross margin of
    acquired inventory according to IFRS 3.
(2) Net income before income taxes, financial income and expenses and non‐recurring items, non‐cash charges arising from the allocation of the
    purchase price of EUSA Pharma to the gross margin of acquired inventory according to IFRS 3.
(3) Net income excluding the amortization and write‐downs of intangible assets (except software) and goodwill, non‐recurring items, non‐cash
    charges arising from the allocation of the purchase price of EUSA Pharma to the gross margin of acquired inventory pursuant to IFRS 3, and
    monetary net gains/losses from hyperinflation (IAS 29), net of tax effects.
(4) Net income before income taxes, financial income and expenses, depreciation, amortization and write‐downs of property, plant and equipment,
    intangible assets and goodwill, non‐recurring items and non‐cash charges arising from the allocation of the purchase price of EUSA Pharma to the
    gross margin of acquired inventory according to IFRS 3.


Net revenue amounted to € 2,082.3 million, increasing by € 229.0 million compared to 2022. For a detailed
analysis, please refer to the previous chapter “Review of Operations”.
Given the materiality of the non‐monetary adjustments originating from the application of IFRS 3 for the
allocation of the price paid for the acquisition of EUSA Pharma, two new indicators were added starting from
the second quarter of 2022: Adjusted gross profit and Adjusted operating income. Both are adjusted for the
impacts of applying the standard IFRS 3 in relation to the acquired stock of EUSA Pharma as well as, in the
case of Adjusted operating income, for non‐recurring items.
Gross profit was € 1,422.6 million, up 10.6% compared to the previous year and with a ratio to sales of 68.3%.
Net of the impact of the € 58.9 million from the application of IFRS 3 on inventories acquired with EUSA
Pharma, adjusted gross profit was € 1,481.6 million, up by 10.9% and with a margin on sales lower than
previous year due initial sales of Avodart® and Combodart®/Duodart® (economic result furthers shared with
GSK through the supply price) and impact of inflation on prices of materials and the cost of labour, in part
mitigated by the increase in volumes.



                                                                                                                                                73
                                                                      REVIEW OF OPERATIONS AND FINANCIAL ACTIVITIES 2023




Selling expenses increased by 2.2%, reflecting the consolidation of EUSA Pharma for the full year compared
to nine months in 2022, but came down as percent of revenue compared to the previous year thanks to the
positive revenue performance and the further benefits from the efficiency measures already implemented
as of 2022, namely the right sizing of Specialty & Primary Care.
Research and development expenses were € 255.7 million, an increase of 16.2% compared to the previous
year, driven by the integration of EUSA Pharma for the full year and a step up in investments in life cycle
management projects.
General and administrative expenses increased by 17.1%, driven by the integration of EUSA Pharma for the
full year and the strengthening of the general coordination structure to support an increasingly broad
portfolio of products, also in addition to the increased investment in systems.
Labor costs in 2023 totaled € 422.9 million, up by 13.4% on 2022, with the per‐capita cost rising by 12.1%.
The table below shows the main data referring to Group personnel for 2023 and 2022:

                                                                                                                     2023    2022

Employees at year-end                                                                                                4,455   4,369
Average age (years)                                                                                                     44      45
Average service (years)                                                                                                7.7     8.3
Labor productivity:
Labor cost on net sales                                                                                              20.3%   20.1%
Net sales per employee (€ thousands) (a)                                                                             484.1   435.8
Value added per employee (€ thousands) (a)                                                                           261.3   222.7
(a) Il costo Labor costs include wages, related expenses and additional costs.
    Data per employee is calculated on the average number of effective personnel: 4,301 in 2023 and 4,253 in 2022.


Based on the Group’s international expansion process, central structures continued to be strengthened to
ensure the integration, monitoring and coordination of foreign subsidiaries. A focused commitment was also
made to strengthening the specialized structures managing the endocrinology area. In general, personnel
training and development was a substantial portion of the Group’s efforts to ensure that the different work
groups belonging to different business areas were effective, while at the same time, continuing to focus on
the development of managerial skills distinctive to Recordati.
Other expenses amounted to € 7.8 million, compared to € 57.0 million in 2022, which includes restructuring
costs for € 5.2 million associated with right sizing the Specialty and Primary Care sales area, mainly in
Germany, France and Italy, residual integration costs related to EUSA Pharma, and € 0.6 million in donations
(Türkiye and Ukraine).
Adjusted operating income (net income before income taxes, financial income and expenses and non‐
recurring items, non‐cash charges arising from the allocation of the purchase price of EUSA Pharma to the
gross margin of acquired inventory according to IFRS 3) was € 626.6 million for FY 2023, up 16.9% over the
previous year, and 30.1% of net revenue, reflecting strong revenue growth and continued efficiency
initiatives that have offset inflation. Operating income was € 558.0 million in FY 2023, up 27.6% over the
previous year, absorbing gross margin‐related non‐cash charges, arising from the unwind of the fair value
step up of the acquired rare oncology inventory, of € 58.9 million (versus € 49.8 million in 2022). Non‐
recurring costs were € 9.6 million, significantly reduced versus € 48.9 million in 2022, and reflect mainly the
continued streamlining of sales activities of Specialty & Primary Care and residual integration costs of EUSA
Pharma.
Amortizations amounted to € 142.7 million, of which € 113.8 million related to intangible assets, up by € 15.3
million over the previous year, attributable mostly to the consolidation of EUSA Pharma for the full year




                                                                                                                                74
                                                                       REVIEW OF OPERATIONS AND FINANCIAL ACTIVITIES 2023




compared to nine months in 2022 and to the acquisition of the license for GSK products, and € 28.9 million
relating to property, plant, and equipment, up by € 1.6 million over the previous year.
Thanks to the strong operating performance, EBITDA(1) was € 769.6 million, up 14.4% compared to 2022, and
with a margin on revenue of 37.0% (vs 36.3% in the previous year).
The reconciliation of net income and EBITDA(1) is reported below.

€ (thousands)                                                                                                     2023                     2022

Net income                                                                                                    389,214                  312,336
Income taxes                                                                                                  101,822                   89,099
Financial income/(expenses), net                                                                               66,972                   35,891
Non‐recurring operating expenses                                                                                9,638                   48,923
Non‐cash charges from PPA inventory uplift                                                                     58,947                   49,811
Adjusted operating income                                                                                     626,593                  536,060
Amortization and write‐downs                                                                                  143,038                  136,690
EBITDA(1)                                                                                                     769,631                  672,750
(1)   Net income before income taxes, financial income and expenses, depreciation, amortization and write‐downs of property, plant and equipment,
      intangible assets and goodwill, non‐recurring items and non‐cash charges arising from the allocation of the purchase price of EUSA Pharma to
      the gross margin of acquired inventory according to IFRS 3.


The breakdown of EBITDA(1) by business segment is reported below.

€ (thousands)                                                               2023                     2022                  Changes             %
                                                                                                                         2023/2022
Specialty and Primary Care segment                                      467,272                  417,733                      49,539        11.9
Rare diseases segment                                                   302.359                  255,017                      47,342        18.6
Total EBITDA(1)                                                         769,631                  672,750                      96,881        14.4
(1)   Net income before income taxes, financial income and expenses, depreciation, amortization and write‐downs of property, plant and equipment,
      intangible assets and goodwill, non‐recurring items and non‐cash charges arising from the allocation of the purchase price of EUSA Pharma to
      the gross margin of acquired inventory according to IFRS 3.


The ratio of EBITDA(1) to revenue for the Specialty and Primary Care segment was 34.2% of EBITDA, and 42.3%
for the Rare Diseases segment.
Net financial expenses amounted to € 67.0 million, up by € 31.1 million compared to the previous year. The
subscription of new loans in 2022 and 2023, together with the global increase of interest rates, led to higher
interest expenses for € 41.2 million, while net exchange gains of € 2.2 million were recorded in the year
compared to net exchange losses of € 5.8 million in 2022. The monetary effects deriving from the application
of accounting standards associated with hyperinflation in Türkiye in 2023 and 2022 were positive for € 1.5
million and € 4.5 million, respectively.
Income taxes amounted to € 101.8 million, up by € 14.3 million compared to the previous year.
Net income was € 389.2 million, up 24.6% over 2022, at 18.7% of revenue, with increase reflecting strong
operating performance and the lower non‐recurring expenses.
Adjusted net income was € 524.6 million, up by 10.8% at 25.2% of revenue, and excludes amortization and
the write‐down of intangible assets (except software) and goodwill for € 112.2 million, charges from non‐
recurring items of € 9.6 million, non‐cash charges arising from the allocation of the purchase price of EUSA
Pharma to the gross margin of acquired inventory of € 58.9 million, and net monetary gains from
hyperinflation of € 1.5 million (IAS 29), net of tax effects. In 2023 a non‐recurring tax income was recognized
in relation to the treatment of hyperinflation in Türkiye, following the release of deferred tax liabilities, for
an amount of € 2.7 million, excluded for the determination of the adjusted net income.




                                                                                                                                              75
                                                                        REVIEW OF OPERATIONS AND FINANCIAL ACTIVITIES 2023




The reconciliation of net income with adjusted net income is reported below.

€ (thousands)                                                                                                       2023                    2022

Net income                                                                                                      389,214                  312,336
Amortisation and write‐downs of intangible assets (excluding software) and
goodwill                                                                                                        112,227                  107,415
Tax effect                                                                                                     (24,341)                 (20,209)
Non‐recurring operating expenses                                                                                  9,638                   48,923
Tax effect                                                                                                      (2,433)                 (12,984)
Non‐cash charges from PPA inventory uplift                                                                       58,947                   49,811
Tax effect                                                                                                     (14,749)                  (9,781)
Monetary net (gains)/losses from hyperinflation                                                                 (1,546)                  (4,506)
Tax effect                                                                                                          371                    2,301
Non‐recurring tax income                                                                                        (2,737)                        0
Adjusted net income(1)                                                                                         524,591                  473,306
(1)   Net income excluding the amortization and write‐downs of intangible assets (except software) and goodwill, non‐recurring items, non‐cash
      charges arising from the allocation of the purchase price of EUSA Pharma to the gross margin of acquired inventory pursuant to IFRS 3, and net
      gains/losses from hyperinflation (IAS 29), net of tax effects.



NET FINANCIAL POSITION
The net financial position at 31 December 2023 recorded net debt of € 1,579.4 million, or 1.96x EBITDA pro‐
forma(1), compared to net debt of € 1,419.9 million at 31 December 2022, as detailed in the following table:

€ (thousands)                                                                     31/12/2023 31/12/2022                Changes                   %
                                                                                                                     2023/2022
Cash and cash equivalents                                                              221,812          284,734         (62,922)            (22.1)
Short‐term debts to banks and other lenders                                           (99,932)         (83,425)         (16,507)              19.8
                                  (1)
Loans ‐ due within one year                                                          (343,448)        (279,810)         (63,638)              22.7
Leasing liabilities ‐ due within one year                                             (10,249)           (9,237)          (1,012)             11.0
Short‐term financial position                                                        (231,817)         (87,738)        (144,079)               n.s.
Loans ‐ due after one year (1)                                                    (1,319,970) (1,310,600)                 (9,370)               0.7
Leasing liabilities – due after one year                                              (27,637)         (21,571)           (6,066)             28.1
Net financial position                                                            (1,579,424) (1,419,909)              (159,515)              11.2
(1) Includes the fair value measurement of the relative currency risk hedging instruments (cash flow hedge).


In the third quarter, an upfront payment of € 245.0 million was made for the new licence and distribution
agreement with GSK to commercialize Avodart® (dutasteride) and Combodart®/Duodart®
(dutasteride/tamsulosin) and € 70.0 million was paid to Tolmar International Ltd after approval of the
variation for the new device to administer Eligard®; in addition to this, USD 20 million of residual Isturisa®
milestones to Novartis and dividends for € 245.9 million to shareholders were paid in the year.
Free cash flow, operating cash flow excluding financing items, milestones, dividends, and purchases of
treasury shares net of proceeds from the exercise of stock options was € 456.0 million, above the same period
of last year (up by € 17.0 million), absorbing increase in working capital, driven by higher revenue, and higher
cash interest expense.
In April, the parent company finalized a loan with Cassa Depositi e Prestiti for € 50.0 million. The terms of the
loan provide for a variable interest rate at the six‐month Euribor (with a zero floor) plus a fixed spread and a

(1) Pro‐forma, assuming contribution of Avodart® and Combodart®/Duodart® for twelve months.




                                                                                                                                                76
                                                                        REVIEW OF OPERATIONS AND FINANCIAL ACTIVITIES 2023




ten‐year term with semi‐annual repayment of the principal starting October 2025, with the final instalment
in April 2033.
Additionally, in May, the parent company finalized two loans for a total amount of € 400.0 million with a pool
of domestic and international lenders. The terms of both loans provide for a variable interest rate at the six‐
month Euribor (with a zero floor) plus a variable spread based on a step up/step down mechanism on changes
in the Leverage Ratio, and a five‐year term with semi‐annual repayment of the principal with final instalment
in May 2028. The loan for € 300.0 million has already been drawn down, while that for € 100.0 million consists
in a Capex line to support specific investments and is available for use for a 18‐month period. The loan
provides for ESG‐linked parameters starting from 2024 which, if respected, will allow a reduction in the
interest rate applied, or an increase if they are not reached.
Net working capital for operations at 31 December 2023 was € 443.0 million and is broken down as follows:

€ (thousands)                                                31.12.2023               % 31.12.2022          %                  Changes          %
                                                                             of revenue            of revenue                2023/2022
Trade receivables                                                445,193            21.4        361,898             19.5          83,295     23.0
Inventories                                                      404,831            19.4        424,080             22.9         (19,249)    (4.5)
Other current assets                                             119,325              5.7         79,302             4.3          40,023     50,5
Current assets                                                   969,349            46.6        865,280             46.7         104,069     12.0
Trade payables                                                   262,979            12.6        224,703             12.1          38,276     17.0
Tax liabilities                                                    67,110             3.2         33,615             1.8          33,495     99.6
Other current liabilities                                        196,310              9.4       273,085             14.7         (76,775)   (28.1)
Current liabilities                                              526,399            25.3        531,403             28.7          (5,004)    (0.9)
Net working capital for operations                               442,950            21.3        333,877             18.0         109,073     32.7
Trade receivables:
Days of exposure                                                        66                             63
Inventories as % of cost of sales                                 61.4%*                           74.8%
Details and comments relative to the different components are available in the Notes to the consolidated financial statements.


*Inventories include € 33.6 million, compared to the original revaluation amount of € 141.9 million associated
with the treatment established under IFRS 3 for EUSA Pharma acquired inventory. Net of this amount and
the € 58.9 million recognised in the 2023 income statement, the impact of inventories on the cost of sales is
61.8% (or around 222 days).




                                                                                                                                              77
                                                         REVIEW OF OPERATIONS AND FINANCIAL ACTIVITIES 2023




RECONCILIATION BETWEEN THE PARENT COMPANY’S SHAREHOLDERS’
EQUITY AND NET INCOME AND GROUP CONSOLIDATED SHAREHOLDERS’
EQUITY AND NET INCOME
The reconciliation between the Parent Company’s shareholders’ equity and net income and the group
consolidated shareholders’ equity and net income is as follows:

€ (thousands)                                                        Shareholders’ equity          Net income


                                                                     31.12.2023 31.12.2022          2023        2022
Recordati S.p.A.                                                       352,782     362,988       224,017     219,233
Consolidation adjustments:
‐ Elimination margins in inventories                                   (78,677)    (84,561)        5,884     (11,893)
‐ Related tax effect                                                    22,614      24,120        (1,506)       3,675
‐ Other adjustments                                                    (32,082)    (24,974)       (6,004)     (5,494)
Retained earnings of consolidated subsidiaries at beginning of the
year, net of amounts already recognized by Recordati S.p.A.           1,321,387   1,201,902             ‐           ‐
Net income for consolidated companies,
net of amounts already recognized by Recordati S.p.A.                  365,068     271,791       365,068     271,791
Dividends received from consolidated subsidiaries                             ‐             ‐   (198,245)   (164,976)
Write‐down of holdings in subsidiaries                                        ‐             ‐          0           0
Translation adjustments                                               (264,700)   (205,018)             ‐           ‐
Consolidated financial statements                                     1,686,392   1,546,248      389,214     312,336



RELATED-PARTY TRANSACTIONS
The Group’s parent company is Rossini S.à r.l., with headquarters in Luxembourg, which is owned by a
consortium of investment funds controlled by CVC Capital Partners.
At 31 December 2023, the parent company held 3,119,044 in treasury shares equivalent to 1.49% of its share
capital, with a nominal value of € 0.125 each.
To the Group’s knowledge, any transactions and contracts that have been entered into with related parties
have been done on an arm’s length basis and at market conditions as well as in the ordinary course of
business, and are not deemed to in any way materially affect the Company’s financial position or results.
In compliance with the requirements of Art. 4, paragraph 7 of the Italian Regulations on operations with
related parties adopted with CONSOB Resolution No. 17221 of 12 March 2010 and subsequent amendments,
as well as Art. 2391‐bis, paragraph 1 of the Italian Civil Code, the Parent Company states that it has adopted
the “Procedure governing transactions with related parties”, available on the Company’s website
www.recordati.com (in the “Corporate Governance” section). For further information regarding corporate
governance, please refer to the Corporate Governance and Proprietary Assets Report, prepared in
compliance with Art. 123 bis of the Consolidated Law on Finance, approved by the Board of Directors
together with the Annual Report. Information regarding paragraphs 1 and 2 of Art. 123 bis of Italian
Legislative Decree 58/1998 can be found in the “Corporate Governance and Proprietary Assets Report”
available, in its entirety on the Parent Company’s website www.recordati.com (in the “Corporate
Governance” section).




                                                                                                                   78
                                                      REVIEW OF OPERATIONS AND FINANCIAL ACTIVITIES 2023




SUBSIDIARIES OUTSIDE THE EUROPEAN UNION
Pursuant to Articles 15 (ex 36) and 18 (ex 39) of the Financial Markets Regulation (as amended by CONSOB
with Resolution no. 20249 of 28 December 2018) concerning the conditions for listing companies established
and regulated under the laws of countries outside the European Union with significant relevance and for the
purposes of the consolidated financial statements, we note that, at 31 December 2023, the provisions of Art.
15 (ex 36) of the Financial Markets Regulation apply to the subsidiaries Recordati Ilaç, Recordati Rare Diseases
Inc., Rusfic LLC. Recordati AG and EUSA Pharma (UK) Ltd., and that the conditions indicated in the above‐
mentioned Art. 15 (ex 36) regarding the administrative body’s certification have been met.


SIGNIFICANT TRANSACTIONS, DISCLOSURE REQUIREMENTS DEROGATION
With effect from 20 December 2012, the Parent Company has decided to avail itself of the right to derogate
from the requirements of disclosing the information documents prescribed in the event of significant
transactions involving mergers, spin‐offs, capital increases through contributions in kind, acquisitions and
disposals, pursuant to Article 70, paragraph 8 and Article 71, paragraph 1‐bis of the Issuers Regulation issued
by CONSOB with Resolution 11971/1999 and subsequent amendments.


ATYPICAL AND/OR UNUSUAL TRANSACTIONS
In compliance with the CONSOB Communication dated 28 July 2006, it is noted that, during 2023, no atypical
or unusual transactions, as defined by the Communication itself, were put in place.




                                                                                                             79
                                                       REVIEW OF OPERATIONS AND FINANCIAL ACTIVITIES 2023




MAIN RISKS AND UNCERTAINTIES
The identification, valuation and management of company risk is based on an Enterprise Risk Management
(ERM) approach, a structured risk management process, in line with international best practice prescriptions
on the subject and in accordance with the main requisites of current rules and regulations. The criteria
applied by the Group is that of evaluating its risks in terms of their occurrence probability and impact. When
evaluating the impact of the risks on the Group, a number of dimensions, not only of economic or market
related nature, but also of a reputational nature, are taken into consideration. The level of risk is determined
taking into account the mitigation actions that the Group has implemented to protect against each risk. These
mainly structural actions are consolidated in the company's organisation and management (organisations,
management models, control systems, procedures, etc.) or by new projects implemented to strengthen
existing safeguards. Therefore, the Group's risk rating is determined not on the basis of inherent risk, but
residual risk, i.e. including mitigating actions.
With the creation of a catalogue of company risks, which is subject to constant review, even on more than
one occasion during the year (during important times for the Group, such as M&A projects or the approval
of the Business Plan), the objective of the Group is to classify the potential risks to which it is exposed, which
could be both of an exogenous (e.g. evolution of the rules and regulations framework, competitive pressure,
etc.) or of an endogenous kind connected with the management of the various company processes
(pharmacovigilance, production process, patent expiry, launch of new products, etc.). Among the risks
considered, are non‐financial risks referred to in Italian Legislative Decree 254/2016. These relate to risks
connected with environmental and health and safety management (damage caused by weather events and
accidents, HSE ‐ Health and Safety Executive related risks, industrial accidents), with workers’ rights and
supply chain subjects (size of the organizational structure, loss of key resources, inadequate selection of
suppliers and commercial partners, interruption of critical supplies) as well as with compliance (compliance
with international quality standards, compliance with anti‐corruption rules and specifically rules regulating
medical information and the relationship with the medical community, anti‐money laundering or export
control regulations and international economic sanctions). In particular, the latter risks of a non‐financial
nature were analyzed by the Group and classified as involving low to medium risk, always in terms of residual
risk, evaluated taking into account the probability of occurrence of a risky event and the impact of the event
if it should occur.

Results
The principal risk factors to which the Group is exposed are associated with the following macro‐categories:
   Risks associated with the external context
   Risks associated with strategy and operations
   Financial risks
   Legal and compliance risks
For each risk, the strategies and management policies are described for effective and concrete protection
and the consequent mitigation of the risk.


RISKS ASSOCIATED WITH THE EXTERNAL CONTEXT
Risks associated with changes in legislation and regulations governing the pharmaceutical sector
The Group operates around the world in complex legal and regulatory environment. Any failure to comply
with applicable laws, rules and regulations may result in civil and/or criminal legal proceedings and lead to
fines, damages, and other sanctions and remedies that may materially affect the business and operations as
well as the Group’s reputation.
Group sales consist predominantly of products subject to medical prescription which are reimbursed by
national health care services or other medical insurance schemes which are, however, primarily of a public



                                                                                                               80
                                                       REVIEW OF OPERATIONS AND FINANCIAL ACTIVITIES 2023




nature. While on the one hand this situation protects the Group from general economic trends, on the other
it exposes it to changes in local legislation governing public spending on health care. For many years the
Group has pursued a policy of diversifying and expanding its sales in several geographical markets and in
products not reimbursed by public health care schemes in order to mitigate dependency on decisions by
single national governments to control spending on pharmaceuticals.
The pharmaceuticals sector is also characterised by the presence of national and international technical
standards which regulate pharmaceutical research and development, production and promotion. The Group
implements a policy to constantly monitor changes in regulations on all the markets where it operates, with
dedicated organisational units in the Parent Company and in subsidiaries to implement efficient coordination
mechanisms and information flows designed to identify and rapidly adopt the most appropriate response
strategies.

Country risk, risks associated with business expansion into emerging markets
The Group is also exposed to country risk, a series of risks that are associated with the country where it
operates and which may impact the affordability of the operations. Country risk can be defined as the set of
risks arising when an investment is made in a foreign country, mainly attributable to the political, economic
and social differences, instability, major hostilities or acts of terrorism. In other words, country risk has a
multi‐dimensional nature and concerns all sources of potential difficulty that would not arise while operating
in the domestic market.
The policies pursued by the Group include the expansion of operations in countries with the highest potential
for development and the strongest growth rates (for example Central and Eastern Europe, the Middle East
and North Africa). Operations in those countries could present risks associated with political, economic,
currency, regulatory and fiscal instabilities or discontinuities. Recordati carefully assesses all growth
opportunities in all geographies in order to mitigate exposure to these uncertainties and where possible it
prefers to acquire local companies with a smaller outlay of capital, rather than other companies that are
more exposed to country risk. Furthermore, the export of medicinal products by the Group to countries
subject to economic and trade sanction programs by various international authorities are marginal and are,
in any case, allowed and in line with such programs. In this regard, in order to mitigate the risk of commercial
and economic sanctions, the Group continues to refine the Export Management and Control model adopted
several years ago.
The Company’s risks also include geopolitical risk, the risk arising from foreign political actions that a country
implements to influence, disrupt or threaten the dynamics of internal politics, the economy and the social
policy of another country or another region.
Also, in relation to geopolitical risk, the Company follows the developments of the conflict in the Gaza Strip
(although not having a direct presence and relevant exports in the affected territories) considering the
possible impacts in the business activity in particular with delays in the supply chain.
For the aforesaid risk profiles, the evaluations and monitoring are entrusted to top management, with
support from all Corporate Departments. From an operational and organizational point of view, company‐
level monitoring is carried out by the two Business Units, Specialty and Primary Care and Rare Diseases, and
local monitoring is performed by the Regional Directors responsible for the overall supervision of the
subsidiaries and the coordination of the relative strategic activities in accordance with the Group’s corporate
structures.

Conflict in Ukraine
In relation to this conflict and related risks and related risks front, during 2023 the group continued to
monitor the implications of the conflict between Russia and Ukraine, countries in which the Company
operates directly through subsidiaries.
As regards the Ukrainian subsidiary, from the early stages of the conflict, the group set up a Crisis Committee
to coordinate the actions necessary to manage the emergency and the safety of its Ukrainian employees,



                                                                                                               81
                                                      REVIEW OF OPERATIONS AND FINANCIAL ACTIVITIES 2023




also by activating local resources, internal and external, present and available in neighboring countries where
other Group subsidiaries are present (Poland, Romania). Assistance and protection were provided to
Ukrainian colleagues both during the most critical phases of the conflict and afterwards, providing them with
shelter, economic aid and compensation for damages suffered as a result of the conflict and guaranteeing,
as far as possible, the availability of pharmaceutical products to the Ukrainian population.
With regard to the business continuity of the Russian subsidiary, which operates as a sales and distribution
company with no manufacturing facilities, the Company continues to give priority to the needs of patients in
the country and is focused on providing continuity of their care, implementing all necessary measures to
ensure the availability of medicines in full compliance with applicable laws and regulations.
From the point of view of international sanctions, so far export and import restrictions exclude products
mainly intended for consumption and products from the health, pharmaceutical, food and agricultural
sectors.
At the moment we have experienced no meaningful disruption to operations in either Russia or Ukraine and
will continue to monitor the evolving situation to ensure business continuity managing the multiple
implications of the conflict. Particular attention is given to monitoring the applicable sanctions regimes and
implementing all necessary measures to ensure that business activities take place in full compliance with
these regimes and local legislation.

Risks associated with market competition
The Group, like any company operating in the pharmaceuticals sector, is subject to competition from
products which may have an impact on the market share of the Group’s Products. This competitive pressure
derives from new pharmaceuticals launched by competitors in the same therapeutic classes in which the
Group is present and also from generic versions of pharmaceuticals being marketed once patents expire.
While the Group monitors the market continuously to detect the introduction of competing pharmaceuticals,
it also manages this risk by pursuing a policy to progressively diversify and broaden the range of its product
portfolio, in order to reduce dependency on a small number of strategic pharmaceuticals and increase the
presence in the product portfolio of the Group’s products and treatments.

Environmental risks
Climate change, and evolving laws, regulations and policies regarding climate change, is one of the external
environmental risks that may have a potentially increasing impact on business activities.
The Group has included Climate Change risk in its Risk Catalogue.
Natural disasters and extreme weather events resulting from climate change, such as for example floods,
heatwaves, blizzards, hurricanes, wildfires, could impact the business activities and the ability to deliver the
Group’s products to customers. Another risk related to climate change concerns regulatory framework
changes in view of the transition to a decarbonised economic system, with potential effects on existing plant
technology, compliance costs, etc.
The Group, in coordination with the ESG Manager, has implemented measures to contain these risks.
Specifically:
 by monitoring ongoing changes in the relevant laws, regulations and standards;
 by defining environmental objectives within the Group's sustainability strategy (e.g. renewable energy
  purchasing, installation of renewable energy power capacity, implementing projects to increase energy
  efficiency, etc.).
The Group has also adjusted its All Risk Property insurance policies to cover the risks of direct damage
(damage to buildings, machinery and goods) and indirect damage (loss of earnings from accidents) in order
to hedge any losses arising from potential shut‐downs or damage to the production cycle.




                                                                                                             82
                                                       REVIEW OF OPERATIONS AND FINANCIAL ACTIVITIES 2023




Risks caused by catastrophic events (biological events, epidemics and pandemics, etc.)
The Group continues to monitor potential risks arising from biological events, potential new pandemics or
diseases (such as COVID), with impacts on business activities (from research and development, with delays
to patient enrolment during clinical trials, to production activities with the restructuring of shifts and
production processes, to medical and scientific data, where relations with the medical community have been
profoundly remodeled, and to office work with the extensive use of remote working).
In this context, the Recordati Group has defined and maintains dedicated operating plans aimed at delivering
business continuity while ensuring the safety of the people involved (employees, clients, suppliers and other
stakeholders).”


RISKS ASSOCIATED WITH STRATEGY AND OPERATIONS
Risks associated with the internationalization of the Group
The Group currently operates in a growing number of countries and is therefore subject to risks arising from
the complexity of conducting operations in delocalized areas.
In order to address this situation, the Group has put a management system in place with central units which
integrate, monitor and coordinate the operations of local units, with operational and marketing powers
conferred to be exercised in compliance with guidelines and within limits indicated by the Group. Group
policies and procedures have been formalized which provide corporate guidelines for the management of
the main company processes which must be complied with by all subsidiaries.

Risks associated with the expiry of patents
Pharmaceutical companies make large investments in research and development and in return, enjoy a high
degree of protection on their intellectual property, in particular, on their granted patents. Third parties may
challenge these patent rights held by a company or may develop non‐infringing products. These third parties
may elect to sell a product even though patent litigation is still pending, either before any court decision is
rendered or while an appeal of a lower court decision is pending. The outcome of such patent litigation could,
in certain cases, materially adversely affect the business. Therefore, the invalidity or expiry of patents
covering important pharmaceuticals in product portfolios and the consequent introduction onto the market
of generic versions exposes companies to reductions in revenues which can be significant. In order to counter
the reduction in revenues as a result of competition from generic pharmaceuticals, the Group is pursuing a
diversification strategy based on the reinforcement of its pipeline, the launch of new products in the
therapeutic areas of major interest and the expansion of its operations onto new markets with high growth
rates.

Risks associated with investments in research and development
The competitive positioning of the Group depends on the continuous development of its product portfolio
through the research and development of new molecules and pharmaceutical products in which it invests a
substantial part of its resources.
Given the complexity, length of time involved and the intrinsic nature of these initiatives, it is not possible to
be certain that investments in research and development will always produce the expected results, because
the research conducted may fail or the necessary authorizations to market products may not be obtained or
the pricing and reimbursement conditions may not be satisfactory.
In order to mitigate exposure to these risks, the Group constantly monitors the intermediate results
generated at the various stages of the research and development process, in order to select and move
forward only on the most reliable initiatives that have the highest probability of an economic return and
success.
To effectively address the global trend geared toward reducing prices, reimbursement conditions, and the
resulting risk of inadequate profitability of products approved and launched on the market, the Company


                                                                                                               83
                                                       REVIEW OF OPERATIONS AND FINANCIAL ACTIVITIES 2023




introduced Health Technology Assessments during the clinical development phase also to effectively support
the negotiations with the relevant authorities regarding reimbursement conditions for the products.
Finally, the costs for investments in research and development are fully expensed on a prudential basis in the
accounting period when they are incurred.

Risks associated with the launch of new products
A risk exists in the pharmaceuticals sector that delays in the development process, or in the issue of the
necessary authorizations by regulatory authorities, may result in product launches occurring behind schedule
with a consequent possible impact on the expected profitability of the product and/or delay in the
achievement of growth targets.
In order to mitigate that risk Recordati pursues two policy lines. One is to broaden and balance its pipeline
of products, implemented by acquiring pharmaceuticals that are already registered or are about to be
registered, or of new products at different stages of development. The other is to pursue a plan of
geographical diversification designed to limit dependence on the regulatory authorities of a single country
and clustering/strengthening of therapeutic areas and on the basis of foreseeable developments in the
guidelines of health authorities, including with regard to market access aspects.

Risks associated with pharmacovigilance
The Group, as a holder of drug marketing authorizations, must comply with regulations on
pharmacovigilance. These regulations require that holders of marketing authorizations submit to the
regulatory bodies information regarding drug safety, within the time limits and in the manner established by
these, with particular regard to adverse reactions. The ascertainment of serious adverse drug reactions can
expose the Group to the risk of restrictions being placed on the prescription of a drug, and in the most
significant cases, authorization to market the product can be revoked.
In order to efficiently handle this risk and to comply with national regulations in the countries where the
Group operates, Recordati has assigned specific pharmacovigilance responsibilities within its organizations
and has put integrated systems in place to collect, assess, manage and submit the information required to
the competent authorities.
Following the introduction of even more stringent regulatory requirements internal organizations,
instruments, training, procedures are constantly reinforced. Coordination with subsidiaries and partners has
improved and includes centralized evaluation of all information relating to pharmacovigilance.

Risks associated with the production process
The Group has production plants which produce intermediate products, active ingredients and finished
pharmaceutical products. The risks connected with these activities are of a diverse nature and could result
in the interruption of production, damage to the plant, delays in the production cycle or risks linked to the
refusal of regulatory authorizations. As a protection against these risks, first of all, production activities are
carried out in strict compliance with internationally established Good Manufacturing Practices (GMPs)
implemented through Standard Operating Procedures applicable to the pharmaceutical sector and are
submitted to monitoring and inspection by the relevant national and international authorities.
The Group’s production sites are provided with adequate structures and qualified personnel, in accordance
with the requirements of the sector’s standards, to ensure that the production of medicinal specialties and
active ingredients is carried out in compliance with good manufacturing practice (GMP) and with specific
internal procedures and rules in force.
In particular, the Group’s main production site in Campoverde di Aprilia (Italy) regularly passes successfully
inspections carried out by the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) and other national and international
authorities.




                                                                                                               84
                                                     REVIEW OF OPERATIONS AND FINANCIAL ACTIVITIES 2023




Risks associated with the interruption of the production process
Production is by its nature exposed to potential risks of interruption which, if they were to have significant
or long‐lasting effects – caused for example by natural disasters, fires, the revocation of production permits
and licenses, malfunctioning of plant and equipment, interruptions in the supply of important raw materials
or energy – could have adverse consequences on the continuity and regularity of sales.
The Group has defined a new industrial plan to maximize efficiency, with a clear strategy of insourcing and
second source programs. To support the implementation of the business plan, a new organization has been
defined to ensure greater focus and dedicated resources, in the continuous search for value, synergies,
efficiency, risk reduction and simplification.
In order to mitigate the effects of long‐lasting interruptions in production processes, the Group has an
effective asset protection policy in place (through precise plant maintenance plans and adequate systems to
automatically detect and put out fires) and has production plants with adequate capacity and flexibility to
handle changed planning requirements.
Furthermore, the Group uses only reliable suppliers, approved as complying with the relevant technical
standards. It also constantly monitors the availability of raw materials and strategic excipients, in order to
promptly identify potential local or worldwide “out‐of‐stock” situations and to take the necessary action
(supply and/or production backups) to guarantee production autonomy. In addition, the company has
reinforced its organization within the Procurement, Supply Chain and Contract manufacturing areas with the
presence of dedicated professional staff.
Furthermore, in order to reduce losses resulting from potential interruptions or damage to production cycles,
the Group has taken out “All risk property” insurance policies which cover direct damages (such as damages
to buildings, machines and goods) as well as indirect damages (such as a loss in profit as a consequence of
accidents).
In order to effectively and efficiently prevent, mitigate and manage the risks associated with the COVID‐19
emergency, a series of measures has been implemented to ensure business continuity and employee safety,
in accordance with legislative requirements, guidelines and Best Practices.

Risks associated with health, safety and the environment
The Group is subject to laws and regulations concerning the environment, safety matters, regulation of
chemicals and product safety in the countries where it manufactures and sells products or otherwise operate
its business. These requirements include regulation of the handling, manufacture, transportation, storage,
use and disposal of materials, including the discharge of pollutants and pharmaceutical residues into the
environment. If the Groups fails to comply with these laws and regulations, it may be subject to enforcement
proceedings including fines and penalties. To ensure the correct application of these rules and regulations,
the Group has in place organizational units specifically dedicated to prevention, verification and continuous
monitoring as regards compliance with the structural technical standards (related to equipment, plant, the
workplace, chemical, physical and biological agents) in addition to activities regarding health surveillance,
security vigilance, workers training and information and the procurement of the documents and certificates
required by law. In particular, the environmental management system of the Group’s main production plant,
located at Campoverde di Aprilia, obtained, and have maintained since 2003, a certification of compliance
with the ISO 14001 standard issued by the accredited international body DNV (Det Norske Veritas, Italy).
Opalia Pharma’s production plant in Tunisia also obtained ISO 14001 (environment) and ISO 45001
(management of Health and Safety in the workplace) certification. Finally, it should be noted that in
December 2023, the Turkish Çerkezköy plant obtained ISO 50001 certification for its energy management
system.
The Company’s control and governing bodies are periodically informed by the responsible functions of any
accidents that occurred and the activities undertaken to mitigate such accidents.




                                                                                                           85
                                                      REVIEW OF OPERATIONS AND FINANCIAL ACTIVITIES 2023




Risks associated with the management of information technology resources and data security
The Group relies extensively on information technology systems in order to conduct business, including some
systems that are managed by third‐party service providers. These systems include programs and processes
relating to internal and external communications, ordering and managing materials from suppliers,
converting materials to finished products, shipping products to customers, processing transactions,
summarizing and reporting results of operations, and complying with regulatory, legal or tax requirements.
These information technology systems could be damaged or cease to function properly due to the poor
performance or failure of third‐party service providers, catastrophic events, power outages, network
outages, failed upgrades or other similar events. If the Group’s business continuity plans do not effectively
resolve such issues on a timely basis, it may suffer significant interruptions in conducting its business, which
may adversely impact its business, financial condition and results of operations.
In the global scenario, cyber attacks continue to increase, and ransomware attacks in particular are becoming
more sophisticated and targeted.
In order to guarantee effective operational continuity, the Group has implemented a disaster recovery and
business continuity system which ensures the immediate replication of the principal legacy systems’
workstations.
Furthermore, the active safety of the company’s data and software is guaranteed by multiple protection
levels of a physical and logical nature, at both server and client level.
The risk catalogue includes and monitors the risk of cyber attacks and cyber fraud. To combat this risk the
Group has already introduced technological and organisational control measures.
The Company subjects its infrastructure to continuous VAPT (Vulnerability Assessment and Penetration Test)
analysis and to additional IT security audits undertaken by independent technicians. The outcome of this
analysis has always shown the Company’s information systems to be adequately protected.
Instead, as regards fraud through the use of information technology resources by external individuals, the
Company continues to provide training and information for employees in order to create awareness on the
correct use of the resources and applications assigned to their use.
Security events are managed according to a dedicated Cyber Security Incident Management policy.
The Company also commissioned a leading IT consultancy firm to conduct an assessment of the security of
remote connections; the report found the protection to be adequate according to international standards.


FINANCIAL RISKS
Credit Risk
Credit risk is exposure to potential losses resulting from commercial counterparties failing to meet their
obligations. This risk is higher during long lasting periods of economic and financial hardship and as a result
of exposure to geographical areas with specific dynamics and peculiarities (for example Russia and Tunisia).
The Group closely controls its credit exposure through the allocation of credit limits to each single customer
and an internal reporting system.

Interest Rate Risk
The Group raises funds using debt and invests excess cash in money market and other financial instruments.
The fluctuation of market interest rates influences the cost and returns on debt and investment instruments
therefore affecting the Group’s net financial expenses.
The significant expansion of the Group into countries with different economic dynamics from the Euro (for
example Turkey, Russia and Tunisia) leads to an increase in risk.
The Group’s policy is to limit the risk arising from interest rate fluctuations by establishing medium/long‐
term fixed interest loans or variable interest loans. Variable interest loans are covered with derivative
financial instruments (for example interest rate swaps) for the sole purpose of minimizing such fluctuations
and are not for speculation.




                                                                                                             86
                                                       REVIEW OF OPERATIONS AND FINANCIAL ACTIVITIES 2023




This hedging policy limits the Group’s exposure to the risk of fluctuations in interest rates.

Foreign Currency Risk
The Group operates in an international context and is affected by assets and transactions denominated in
foreign currency other than euro. It is therefore exposed to risks of foreign currency fluctuations which can
affect its operating results and the value of its equity. The diversification strategy enacted by the Group
results in a progressive higher exposure to trade transactions in foreign currency with respect to the Group’s
business volume. Many of the Recordati Group companies are exposed to a limited level of exchange risk
linked to operations because in each country most of cash flows generated both by sales and by expenses
are denominated in the currency of the relative country. For the sole purpose of hedging and not for
speculation, the Group engages in forward contracts for the purchase and sale of currencies to cover
amounts at risk.

Liquidity Risk
The liquidity risk to which the Group may be exposed is represented by the inability to raise sufficient
financial resources for its ongoing business and for the development of its industrial and commercial
activities. The two main factors which determine the Group’s liquidity are, on the one hand, the cash
generated or absorbed by operations and by investments, and on the other, the expiry and renewal terms of
debt or the degree of liquidity of financial investments and market conditions.
The Group has at its disposal readily available liquidity for its operations and plentiful lines of credit granted
by a number of leading Italian and international financial institutions.
The terms and conditions of the Group’s loans and its financial assets are set out in Notes 18, 21 and 31 which
address, respectively, short‐term financial investments, cash and cash equivalents, loans and bank
overdrafts. The Group believes that the funds and credit lines currently available, in addition to those
generated by operations and financing activities, are sufficient to meet investment needs, working capital
requirements and the repayment of debts at their natural due dates.


LEGAL AND COMPLIANCE RISKS
Risks associated with product liability
Despite rigorous compliance with standards and regulations, like any company operating in the
pharmaceuticals sector, the Group could be exposed to risks of claims for injuries allegedly resulting from
the use of the Group’s products. As the Group’s portfolio of available products expands, particularly with
new innovative medicines, the Group may experience increases in product liability claims asserted against
the Group.
In order to meet those potential liabilities, the Group has taken out insurance policies to cover all the
products marketed and under development. The maximum liability limits are considered adequate and are
constantly monitored with the help of analyses and market research conducted by leading insurance brokers.

Risks associated with compliance
Every activity performed by the Group throughout the product's entire lifecycle, from research and
development to production and to the provision of scientific information, carries an inherent non‐compliance
risk. To mitigate these non‐compliance risks, the Group has implemented an internal control system that
encompasses a series of procedures and structured, organic organizations. This system aims to minimize the
risk of non‐compliance with laws and regulations, ensure accurate and transparent market information, and
prevent or limit the consequences of unforeseen outcomes while focusing on achieving the Company’s
objectives.
The structural aspects of internal control and risk management comprise: the Code of Ethics, that defines the
Group’s core values and principles, as well as the behavioral rules in respect of said principles; the Group’s



                                                                                                               87
                                                      REVIEW OF OPERATIONS AND FINANCIAL ACTIVITIES 2023




procedures and the corresponding system for the delegation of powers, based on general and special powers
of attorney and internal delegations; the Information systems supporting administration and production
activities as well as the accounting and financial processes.
Regarding the risk of corruption, the Group has implemented dedicated Anti‐Corruption program, which
includes an Anti‐bribery Manual, a dedicated training program and specific procedures aimed at mitigating
this kind of risk.
All operating and marketing activities performed by the Group, both in Italy and abroad, are performed in
compliance with the legislation and regulations that apply in the geographical areas in which it operates,
including national and international technical standards that apply to the pharmaceuticals sector which
regulate pharmaceutical research and development, production, distribution, and promotion.
Regarding the regulation of drug promotion activities, the Group has formulated a set of ethical rules of
conduct. All Group personnel are continuously informed of those rules and monitoring, both internally and
by independent certifiers, is performed constantly to ensure that they are properly observed.
In compliance with Legislative Decree 231/2001 on the administrative liability of legal entities, the Italian
companies in the Group have an “Organisation, Management and Control Model” that is continuously
updated to comply with the latest amendments to the relevant legislation. Analogous models have been
adopted by other foreign subsidiaries in compliance with local regulations, such as the Ley Organica in Spain.
Regarding anti‐terrorism, the Group has implemented a Policy to monitor and handle transactions with
counterparts residing in countries subject to sanctions or embargo.
The Group adheres to all applicable sanction programs. To achieve this, the Group undertakes continuous
monitoring of the applicable sanction programs and implements specific controls described in a dedicated
policy.
With regard to data privacy, the Group complies with the applicable legislations in the countries where it
operates.
The Group has implemented a comprehensive training program for all its employees to ensure they have a
thorough understanding of and can effectively implement the principles outlined in the Code of Ethics, the
Anti‐corruption program, and the Organization, Management, and Control Models.

Risks associated with legal action
The Group may become subject to administrative and civil proceedings and litigations which may be costly
and develop over lengthy periods of time. These proceedings may lead to fines, damages and other sanctions
and remedies that may materially affect the business and its operations. In these cases, the Group may be
called upon to pay extraordinary costs with consequences for operating and financial results.
A detailed description of ongoing litigation is given in Notes 29 and 37 to the financial statements.




                                                                                                           88
                                                                       REVIEW OF OPERATIONS AND FINANCIAL ACTIVITIES 2023




BUSINESS OUTLOOK
The strong momentum across the business is expected to continue and is reflected in the following financial
targets for FY 2024:
 Net revenue between € 2,260 million and € 2,320 million
 EBITDA(1) between € 830 million and € 860 million; margin of +/‐ 37%
 Adjusted net income(2) between € 550 million and € 570 million; margin of +/‐ 24.5%
These objectives foresee net revenue and EBITDA(1) growth of approximately 10% with Adjusted net income(2)
growth that absorbs the expected increase of tax rates across multiple OECD markets.
As previously announced the Group remains on track to deliver with the current portfolio revenue in excess
of € 2.4 billion in FY 2025, sustaining an EBITDA(1) margin of +/‐37%. Key elements of the Group strategy
remain unchanged, combining organic growth with targeted M&A and Business Development, while
investing to sustain growth and maintaining a solid financial position.




                                                                                               Milan, 19 March 2024




                                                                                               for the Board of Directors
                                                                                               Chief Executive Officer
                                                                                               Robert Koremans




(1) Net income before income taxes, financial income and expenses, depreciation, amortization and write‐downs of property, plant and equipment,
    intangible assets and goodwill, non‐recurring items and non‐cash charges arising from the allocation of the purchase price of EUSA Pharma to the
    gross margin of acquired inventory according to IFRS 3.
(2) Net income excluding the amortization and write‐downs of intangible assets (except software) and goodwill, non‐recurring items, non‐cash
    charges arising from the allocation of the purchase price of EUSA Pharma to the gross margin of acquired inventory pursuant to IFRS 3, and
    monetary net gains/losses from hyperinflation (IAS 29), net of tax effects.




                                                                                                                                                89
                 CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2023




CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
2023




                                                          90
                                                                                   CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2023




ANNUAL REPORT

RECORDATI S.P.A. AND SUBSIDIARIES
CONSOLIDATED INCOME STATEMENTS FOR THE FINANCIAL YEARS
ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2023 AND 31 DECEMBER 2022

INCOME STATEMENT
€ (thousands) (1)                                                                           Note                     2023                 2022

Net revenue                                                                                      3             2,082,331            1,853,307
Cost of sales                                                                                    4              (659,707)           (566,737)
Gross profit                                                                                                   1,422,624            1,286,570
Selling expenses                                                                                 4              (472,857)           (462,665)
Research and development expenses                                                                4              (255,747)           (220,102)
General and administrative expenses                                                              4              (128,253)           (109,493)
Other income/(expenses), net                                                                     4                 (7,759)            (56,984)
Operating income                                                                                                 558,008              437,326
Financial income/(expenses), net                                                                 5               (66,972)             (35,891)
Pre-tax income                                                                                                   491,036              401,435
Income taxes                                                                                     6              (101,822)             (89,099)
Net income                                                                                                       389,214              312,336
Attributable to:
Equity holders of the Parent                                                                                     389,214              312,336
Non‐controlling interests                                                                                                 0                      0
Earnings per share (euro)
Basic                                                                                                                1.893               1.519
Diluted                                                                                                              1.861               1.494
(1) Except amounts per share.
    Basic earnings per share base is calculated on the average number of shares outstanding in the respective years, 205,634,136 for 2023 and
    205,582,127 for 2022. These amounts are calculated deducting treasury shares in the portfolio, the average of which was 3,491,020 for 2023
    and 3,543,029 for 2022.
    Diluted earnings per share are calculated taking into account rights granted to employees.


The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.




                                                                                                                                                 91
                                                            CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2023




RECORDATI S.P.A. AND SUBSIDIARIES
CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS AT 31 DECEMBER 2023
AND 31 DECEMBER 2022

ASSETS
€ (thousands)                                                         Note     31 December 31 December
                                                                                      2023        2022

Non-current assets
Property, plant and equipment                                            7          178,657    159,184
Intangible assets                                                        8        1,938,197   1,758,173
Goodwill                                                                 9          778,350    780,057
Other equity investments and securities                                 10           21,555     28,871
Other non‐current assets                                                11           12,458      9,556
Deferred tax assets                                                     12           76,674     76,895
Total non-current assets                                                          3,005,891   2,812,736

Current assets
Inventories                                                             13          404,831    424,080
Trade receivables                                                       14          445,193    361,898
Other receivables                                                       15           99,401     63,915
Other current assets                                                    16           19,924     15,387
Derivative instruments measured at fair value                           17           11,079     23,603
Cash and cash equivalents                                               18          221,812    284,734
Total current assets                                                              1,202,240   1,173,617

Non‐current assets held for sale                                        19                0     12,470

Total assets                                                                      4,208,131   3,998,823


The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.




                                                                                                     92
                                                                    CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2023




RECORDATI S.P.A. AND SUBSIDIARIES
CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS AT 31 DECEMBER 2023
AND 31 DECEMBER 2022

SHAREHOLDERS’ EQUITY AND LIABILITIES
€ (thousands)                                                                 Note   31 December    31 December
                                                                                            2023           2022


Shareholders’ equity
Share capital                                                                             26,141         26,141
Share premium reserve                                                                     83,719         83,719
Treasury shares                                                                         (127,970)      (149,559)
Reserve for derivative instruments                                                          (286)         5,249
Translation reserve                                                                     (264,700)      (205,018)
Other reserves                                                                            61,219         62,260
Profits carried forward                                                                 1,636,451     1,524,099
Net income                                                                               389,214        312,336
Interim dividend                                                                        (117,396)      (112,979)
Shareholders’ equity attributable to equity holders of the Parent               20      1,686,392     1,546,248
Shareholders’ equity attributable to non‐controlling interests                  21             0              0
Total shareholders’ equity                                                              1,686,392     1,546,248

Non-current liabilities
Loans ‐ due after one year                                                      22      1,353,216     1,341,549
Provisions for employee benefits                                                23        21,239         19,418
Deferred tax liabilities                                                        24       144,208        167,865
Total non-current liabilities                                                           1,518,663     1,528,832

Current liabilities
Trade payables                                                                  25       263,979        224,703
Other payables                                                                  26       174,407        251,136
Tax liabilities                                                                 27        67,110         33,615
Other current liabilities                                                       28         5,307          5,740
Provisions for risks and charges                                                29        16,596         16,209
Derivative instruments measured at fair value                                   30        19,993         17,369
Loans ‐ due within one year                                                     22       355,752        291,546
Short‐term debts to banks and other lenders                                     31        99,932         83,425
Total current liabilities                                                               1,003,076       923,743

Total shareholders’ equity and liabilities                                              4,208,131     3,998,823


The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.




                                                                                                              93
                                                                                   CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2023




RECORDATI S.P.A. AND SUBSIDIARIES
STATEMENT OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME RECOGNISED
IN SHAREHOLDERS’ EQUITY FOR THE FINANCIAL YEARS ENDED
31 DECEMBER 2023 AND 31 DECEMBER 2022

€ (thousands) (1)                                                                                                 2023                     2022

Net income                                                                                                    389,214                  312,336
Gains/(losses) on cash flow hedges, net of tax effects                                                         (5,535)                    6,223
Gains/(losses) on translation of foreign financial statements                                                 (59,682)                    8,068
Gains/(losses) on equity‐accounted investees, net of tax effects                                               (7,238)                  (5,004)
Other changes, net of tax effects                                                                              (1,398)                    1,263
Income and expenses recognized in shareholders’ equity                                                        (73,853)                   10,550
Comprehensive income                                                                                          315,361                  322,886
Attributable to:
Equity holders of the Parent                                                                                  315,361                  322,886
Non-controlling interests                                                                                              0                          0
Per‐share data (euro)
Basic                                                                                                            1.534                    1.571
Diluted                                                                                                          1.508                    1.544

(1) Except amounts per share.
    Basic earnings per share base is calculated on the average number of shares outstanding in the respective years, 205,634,136 for 2023 and
    205,582,127 for 2022. These amounts are calculated deducting treasury shares in the portfolio, the average of which was 3,491,020 for 2023
    and 3,543,029 for 2022.
    Diluted earnings per share are calculated taking into account rights granted to employees.


The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.




                                                                                                                                                 94
                                                                            CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2023




RECORDATI S.P.A. AND SUBSIDIARIES
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN GROUP
SHAREHOLDERS’ EQUITY FOR THE YEARS ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2023
AND 31 DECEMBER 2022

                                 SHAREHOLDERS’ EQUITY ATTRIBUTABLE TO EQUITY HOLDERS OF THE PARENT
€ (thousands)         Share       Share   Treasury Reserve for Translation   Other       Profits Net income    Interim       Non-          Total
                     capital   premium      shares derivative     reserve reserves      carried               dividend controlling
                                reserve            instrument                          forward                           interests
                                                             s

Balance at 31
December 2021        26,141      83,719 (126,981)      (974)    (213,086)   60,207 1,275,962       385,966 (109,329)            0    1,381,625



Allocation of 2021
net income                                                                             385,966    (385,966)                                   0
Dividend
distribution                                                                          (226,538)                109,329               (117,209)
Change in share‐
based payments                                                               5,794       2,457                                             8,251
Purchase of
treasury shares                           (52,267)                                                                                    (52,267)
Sale of treasury
shares                                     29,689                                      (16,041)                                           13,648
Interim dividend                                                                                              (112,979)              (112,979)
Other changes                                                                          102,293                                        102,293
Comprehensive
income                                                 6,223       8,068    (3,741)                312,336                            322,886
Balance at 31
December 2022        26,141      83,719 (149,559)      5,249    (205,018)   62,260 1,524,099       312,336 (112,979)            0    1,546,248



Allocation of 2022
net income                                                                             312,336    (312,336)                                   0
Dividend
distribution                                                                          (236,218)                112,979               (123,239)
Change in share‐
based payments                                                               7,595       3,275                                            10,870
Purchase of
treasury shares                           (22,710)                                                                                    (22,710)
Sale of treasury
shares                                     44,299                                      (14,202)                                           30,097
Interim dividend                                                                                              (117,396)              (117,396)
Other changes                                                                           47,161                                            47,161
Comprehensive
income                                                (5,535)    (59,682)   (8,636)                389,214                            315,361
Balance at 31
December 2023        26,141      83,719 (127,970)      (286)    (264,700)   61,219 1,636,451       389,214 (117,396)            0    1,686,392


The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.




                                                                                                                                     95
                                                                         CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2023




RECORDATI S.P.A. AND SUBSIDIARIES
CONSOLIDATED CASH FLOW STATEMENT
FOR THE YEARS ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2023 AND 31 DECEMBER 2022
€ (thousands)                                                                                      2023              2022

OPERATING ACTIVITIES
Net income                                                                                      389,214           312,336
Income taxes                                                                                    101,822            89,101
Net interest                                                                                     67,879            30,679
Depreciation of property, plant and equipment                                                    28,875            27,289
Amortization of intangible assets                                                               113,795            98,467
Write‐downs                                                                                         368            10,934
Equity‐settled share‐based
payment transactions                                                                             10,870              8,251
Other non‐monetary components                                                                    61,970             70,751
Change in other assets and other liabilities                                                     (8,211)          (16,811)
Cash flow generated/(used) by operating activities before change in working capital             766,582           630,997
Change in:
- inventories                                                                                   (50,337)          (65,801)
- trade receivables                                                                            (100,565)          (21,175)
- trade payables                                                                                  40,269            25,589
Change in working capital                                                                      (110,633)          (61,387)
Interest received                                                                                  5,103             1,938
Interest paid                                                                                   (70,339)          (20,093)
Income taxes paid                                                                              (105,394)          (89,764)
Cash flow generated/(used) by operating activities                                               485,319          461,691

INVESTMENT ACTIVITIES
Investments in property, plant and equipment                                                    (29,687)       (23,887)
Disposals of property, plant and equipment                                                           329          1,156
Investments in intangible assets                                                               (353,577)       (72,452)
Disposals of intangible assets                                                                       317          1,318
Acquisition of holdings in subsidiaries                                                                0      (673,259)
Sale of non‐current assets held for sale                                                           3,000              0
Cash flow generated/(used) by investment activities                                            (379,618)      (767,124)

FINANCING ACTIVITIES
Opening of loans                                                                                 347,611     1,356,970
Repayment of loans                                                                             (280,234)     (803,543)
Payment of lease liabilities                                                                    (10,172)       (10,225)
Change in short‐term debts to banks and other lenders                                             12,452         67,296
Dividends paid                                                                                 (245,958)     (230,602)
Purchase of treasury shares                                                                     (22,710)       (52,267)
Sale of treasury shares                                                                           30,097         13,648
Cash flow generated/(used) by financing activities                                             (168,914)       341,277
Change in cash and cash equivalents                                                             (63,213)         35,844
Opening cash and cash equivalents                                                                284,734       244,578
Currency translation effect                                                                          291          4,312
Closing cash and cash equivalents                                                                221,812       284,734

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.




                                                                                                                     96
                                                              CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2023




RECORDATI S.P.A. AND SUBSIDIARIES
NOTES
TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2023

1. GENERAL INFORMATION
  The consolidated financial statements of the Recordati group for the year ended 31 December 2023
  were prepared by Recordati Industria Chimica e Farmaceutica S.p.A. (the “Company” or the “Parent
  Company”), with headquarters at Via Matteo Civitali no. 1, 20148 Milan, Italy, and was approved by the
  Board of Directors’ on 19 March 2024, which authorized distribution to the public. The document is
  available at the registered office.
  The consolidated financial statements were prepared in accordance with the International Accounting
  Standards (“IFRS”) issued or revised by the International Accounting Standards Board (“IASB”) and
  endorsed by the European Union, and with the Italian regulations implementing article 9 of Italian
  Legislative Decree no. 38/2005. In order to better represent the Group’s operations, the profit and loss
  accounts are classified by function, while they are classified by nature in the financial statements of the
  Parent. The distinction between current and non‐current was adopted for the presentation of assets
  and liabilities in the balance sheet. In preparing the cash flow statement, the indirect method was used.
  Details regarding the accounting standards adopted by the Group are specified in Note 2.
  The consolidated financial statements at 31 December 2023 comprise those of the Parent Company and
  all its subsidiaries. The companies included in the consolidation scope, the consolidation method
  applied, their percentage of ownership and a description of their activity are set out in Note 40.
  In 2023, the scope of consolidation changed following the reorganisation of the group presence in the
  US, Italy, France, Spain, Germany and Australia. The companies acquired in each country in 2022, as
  subsidiaries of EUSA Pharma (UK) Limited, were incorporated into Recordati Rare Diseases Inc.,
  Recordati Rare Diseases Italy S.r.l., Recordati Rare Diseases S.à r.l., Recordati Rare Diseases Spain S.L.
  (Spain) and Recordati Rare Diseases GmbH (Germany), whereas EUSA Pharma (Australia) Pty Ltd was
  liquidated. In France, the reorganization also involved Recordati Orphan Drugs S.a.s., which merged into
  Recordati Rare Diseases S.à r.l.
  Lastly, EUSA Pharma (Netherlands) B.V. has been renamed Recordati Netherlands B.V.
  These financial statements are presented in euro (€), rounded to thousands of euro, except where
  indicated otherwise.


2. SUMMARY OF ACCOUNTING STANDARDS
  The financial statements were prepared in accordance with the International Accounting Standards
  (“IFRS”) issued or revised by the International Accounting Standards Board (“IASB”) and endorsed by the
  European Union and with the Italian regulations implementing Article 9 of Italian Legislative Decree no.
  38/2005, in continuity with what was done for the consolidated financial statements at 31 December
  2022, with the exception of the adoption of the new standards and amendments in force from 1 January
  2023 described in the following paragraph “Application of new standards”. The Group did not adopt any
  new standard, interpretation or amendment in advance that was issued but not yet in force.
  The financial statements were prepared on a going concern basis because the Directors verified the non‐
  existence of indicators of a financial, operational or other nature which could signal critical issues on the



                                                                                                            97
                                                           CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2023




Group’s ability to meet its obligations in the foreseeable future and, in particular, in the next twelve
months. Specifically, in making the estimates and assumptions related to the preparation of the
consolidated financial statements, the impacts, including potential ones, deriving from the war in
progress between Russia and Ukraine. The Group operates on the Russian market, in compliance with
current regulations, with revenue in 2023 totalling 5.5% of the Group's total revenue, as well as on the
Ukrainian market, with revenue in 2023 accounting for 0.7% of the total. The Group continues to
monitor the conflict, as well as any geopolitical developments and related consequences on corporate
strategies, to adopt mechanisms to protect its competitive position, investments, corporate
performance, and resources. In light of the analysis done, also in consideration of the achievement of
the expected results and the relevant sector, in preparing these financial statements, no effects were
currently identified that could have a significant impact on the financial statement figures.
The financial statements for the consolidated companies, prepared by the Board of Directors or the Sole
Director for submission to the respective Shareholders’ Meetings, have been reclassified and adjusted
as required in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards. The criteria applied is
consistent with that of the consolidated financial statements at 31 December 2022.
The financial statements have been prepared on the historical cost basis, except for the financial assets
available for sale included under the line “Other equity investments and securities”, derivative financial
instruments (and the relative underlying hedged financial liability) for which their fair value has been
applied as prescribed by IFRS 9 and defined benefit plans for which the actuarial valuation was carried
out as prescribed by IAS 19.

Economies experiencing hyperinflation
The Group controls companies based in Türkiye, a country in which, following a long period of inflation
rates under observation, has now reached a situation in which the presence of hyperinflation is the
consensus, in line with the international accounting standards, starting in the first half of 2022. Türkiye
has experienced significant devaluation of its currency and accelerated inflation, with high cumulative
levels of consumer price indices. Based on the parameters mentioned above, as of 1 January 2022 the
relevant standard IAS 29 has been applied, “Financial Reporting in Hyperinflationary Economies”, the
effects of which are seen in the Group’s consolidated results at 31 December 2023.
In particular, in accordance with the standard, the restatement of balance sheet values as a whole
requires application of specific procedures and an evaluation process.
For the income statement, all items were restated applying the change in the general level of prices in
effect at the date on which the revenue and costs were initially recorded in the financial statements at
the reporting date. For the purpose of converting the income statement thus restated into euro, the
exact exchange rate at 31 December 2023 was applied consistently, in accordance with IAS 21 in the
presence of hyperinflationary economies, instead of the average exchange rate for the period.
With regard to the balance sheet, the cash elements have not been restated, as they were already
expressed in the unit of measurement as at the closing date of the period. Non‐cash assets and liabilities
were instead revalued from the date on which the assets and liabilities were initially recognised until
the end of the period.

Application of new accounting principles
Below is a brief description of the new principles, interpretations and amendments with mandatory
application as of 1 January 2023. Based on our assessments they have not had any significant effects on
the consolidated Financial Statements to 31 December 2023:




                                                                                                        98
                                                            CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2023




 Definition of Accounting Estimates – Amendments to IAS 8
The amendments to IAS 8 clarify the distinction between changes in estimates, changes in accounting
standards and correction of errors. They also clarify how entities use measurement techniques and
inputs to develop accounting estimates.

 Disclosure of Accounting Policies – Amendments to IAS 1 and IFRS Practice Statement 2
The amendments to IAS 1 and IFRS Practice Statement 2 Making Materiality Judgements provide
indications, for example, to help entities apply more useful materiality judgements to accounting policy
reporting by replacing the obligation for entities to disclose their “material” accounting policies with the
obligation to disclose their “significant” accounting policies and adding a guideline on how entities
should apply the concept of materiality when making decisions about accounting policy reporting.

   Deferred Tax related to Assets and Liabilities arising from a Single Transaction – Amendments to
    IAS 12
The amendments to IAS 12 – Income Taxes restrict the scope of application of the initial recognition
exemption so that it no longer applies to transactions for which deductible as well as taxable temporary
differences arise, such as leases and decommissioning liabilities.

   International Tax Reform‐Pillar Two Model Rules – Amendments to IAS 12

The changes to IAS 12 were introduced in response to the OECD Pillar Two rules, and include:
     – a temporary mandatory exception to the recognition and financial reporting of deferred taxes,
         resulting from the jurisdictional enacting of the Pillar Two model rules; and
     – reporting obligations for the entities affected, to give readers a better understanding of the
         exposure to Pillar Two income taxes as a result of this regulation, particularly before its entry
         into force.
The Pillar Two legislation has been substantially adopted in some of the jurisdictions in which the Group
operates. The rules will come into force for the financial year starting on 1 January 2024. As the Group
is within the scope of application for Pillar Two, an evaluation is underway to assess the potential future
impact resulting from the new rules, bearing in mind the changes introduced by IAS 12 “Income taxes”,
in this area.
This evaluation is based on the last available information, including the tax returns, the country reports
and latest financial information for 2023 and the rules currently in place in the various countries in which
the Group has a presence.
The early evaluations and best interpretation of the OECD guideline documents show that almost all the
Group countries exceed the “transitional safe harbours” apart from Italy, Ireland, Switzerland and the
United Arab Emirates, where a minimum tax would not in any case be “material” for each country.
The Group is continuing with the evaluation and expects to complete it by the end of the first half of
2024.


Use of estimates
The preparation of the financial statements by management requires estimates and assumptions to be
made, based on management’s best judgement, that affect the reported amounts of revenues,
expenses, assets, liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial
statements. If in the future these estimates and assumptions differ from the actual circumstances, they
will be amended as appropriate when circumstances change.
The balance sheet accounts which require, more than others, a higher degree of subjectivity on the part
of management when making estimates and for which a change in the conditions underlying the
assumptions used could have a significant impact on financial data are hereunder briefly described.



                                                                                                           99
                                                            CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2023




 Goodwill: according to the accounting standards applied by the Group, goodwill is subject to annual
  impairment testing in order to ascertain whether a reduction in value has occurred. These tests
  require, on the part of management, subjective evaluations based on available information within
  the Group and from the market, as well as historical experience. They also depend on factors that
  could change over time, influencing the valuations and estimates made by management.
  Furthermore, when it has been determined that a potential reduction in value may have occurred,
  the Group proceeds to determine it by using the evaluation methods deemed to be most adequate.
 Provisions for risks: the identification of the existence or not of a current obligation (legal or implicit)
  is not easy to determine in some cases. Management evaluates these events on a case‐by‐case basis
  together with an estimate of the amount of financial resources required to comply with the
  obligation. When management considers that the generation of a liability is only possible, the risks
  are disclosed in the appropriate information section on risks and liabilities, and no accruals are made.
 Deferred tax assets: recording is supported by a recovery plan based on hypotheses and assumptions
  which management considers to be reasonable.
 Inventories: inventories which appear to be obsolete or slow‐moving are periodically tested and
  written down if their recoverable value in less than their book value. Write‐downs are based on
  assumptions and estimates which derive from experience and the historical results obtained.
 Financial instruments: trade receivables are reduced by their relative provision for bad debts in order
  to take into account their effective recoverable value. The determination of the amounts to be
  written down requires that management make subjective evaluations which take into account past
  events, current conditions and expectations of future economic conditions.
  In general, the methods for the calculation of the fair value of financial instruments, for accounting
  or disclosure purposes, are summarized below with regard to the main categories of financial
  instruments:
    – Derivative financial instruments: pricing models are adopted based on the market values of the
       interest rates;
    – Receivables and payables and unlisted financial assets: for financial instruments with maturity at
       more than 1 year, the discounted cash flow method was applied (discounting to the present the
       expected cash flows in consideration of the current interest rate conditions and creditworthiness)
       to determine the fair value on “first recognition”. Further measurements are made based on the
       amortized cost method;
    – Listed financial instruments: the market value at the reporting date is used.
In relation to financial instruments measured at fair value, IFRS 13 requires the classification of these
instruments according to the standard’s hierarchy levels, which reflect the significance of the inputs
used in establishing the fair value. The following levels are used:
 Level 1: unadjusted assets or liabilities subject to valuation on an active market;
 Level 2: inputs other than prices listed under the previous point, which are observable directly
  (prices) or indirectly (derivatives from the prices) on the market;
 Level 3: input which is not based on observable market data.

Basis of consolidation
The consolidated financial statements include those of the Parent Company and the enterprises
controlled by it, directly or indirectly, prepared at 31 December each year. Control is attained when the
Group is exposed or has the right to variable returns originating from its relationship with the investee
and at the same time has the capacity to affect these returns by exerting its power over that entity.
Specifically, the Group controls an investee if and only if the Group has:
 investment power over the entity (i.e. holds valid rights that give it the ability to actually manage
  business relevant to the investee entity);



                                                                                                          100
                                                           CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2023




 exposure or rights to variable returns originating from the relationship with the investee entity;
 the ability to exert power over the investee entity to affect the total returns.
Generally, it is presumed that having the majority of voting rights leads to control. In support of this
assumption and when the Group does not hold the majority of voting (or similar) rights, the Group
considers all the relevant facts and circumstances to establish whether it controls the investee entity,
including:
 Contractual agreements with other voting rights holders;
 Rights originating from contractual agreements;
 The Group's voting rights and potential voting rights.
The Group reconsiders whether it has control of an investee or not if the facts and circumstances
indicate that there have been changes in one or more of the three relevant factors which define control.
Consolidation of a subsidiary begins when the Group gains control of it and ceases when the Group loses
control. The assets, liabilities, revenue and costs of the subsidiary acquired or disposed of during the
year are included in the consolidated financial statement from the date the Group obtains control until
the date the Group can no longer exert control over the company.
The financial statements of the subsidiaries are prepared according to the same accounting standards
adopted by the Parent Company. Where necessary, consolidation adjustments are made to bring the
accounting policies used in line with those used by the Company.
All intercompany transactions and balances between group enterprises, including unrealized gains, are
eliminated on consolidation. Unrealized losses are also eliminated, unless they cannot be recovered
later.
The consolidation is made with the full line‐by‐line method. The criteria adopted for the application of
this method include, among others:
a. elimination of the book value of investments in consolidated companies against the related
   shareholders’ equity and the assumption at the same time of all their assets and liabilities;
b. elimination of intercompany payables and receivables and transactions, as well as intercompany
   profits and losses not yet realized;
c. any excess of the cost of acquisition over the value of equity at the date of acquisition is recognized
   as goodwill;
d. non‐controlling interests in the equity of consolidated subsidiaries are shown separately under
   equity, while non‐controlling interests in the net income of these companies are shown separately
   in the consolidated income statement.
The financial statements of foreign subsidiaries expressed in currencies other than Euro are translated
into Euro as follows:
 assets and liabilities, with the exception of shareholders’ equity, at year‐end exchange rates;
 shareholders’ equity at historical exchange rates, for year of formation;
 income and expense items at the average exchange rates for the year;
 the goodwill resulting from the acquisition of a foreign company is recognized in the currency of the
  country in question and translated at year‐end exchange rates.
Translation differences arising from this process are shown in the consolidated statement of
comprehensive income.




                                                                                                       101
                                                          CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2023




Balance Sheet
Property, plant and equipment – Property, plant and equipment is sated at purchase cost less
accumulated depreciation and any recognized impairment loss. Reviews are performed when events or
situations occur which indicate that the carrying amount of the assets can no longer be recovered (see
paragraph on impairment).
Depreciation is computed on a straight‐line basis using rates which are held to be representative of the
estimated useful life of the assets:
 Industrial buildings 2.5% ‐ 5.5%
 Plant and machinery 10% ‐ 17.5%
 Other equipment 12% ‐ 40%
Gains or losses arising from the disposal or retirement of an asset are determined as the difference
between the sales proceeds and the net carrying amount of the asset and are recognized in income.
Leasing – The Group applied IFRS 16, using the modified retrospective approach.
Accounting model for lessee – At commencement or on modification of a contract that contains a lease
component, the Group allocates the consideration in the contract to each lease and non‐lease
component on the basis of its related stand‐alone price. The Group recognizes a right‐of‐use asset and
a lease liability at the lease commencement date. The right‐of‐use asset is initially measured at cost,
which comprises the initial amount of the lease liability adjusted for any lease payments made at or
before the commencement date, plus any initial direct costs incurred and an estimate of costs to
dismantle and remove the underlying asset or to restore the underlying asset or the site on which it is
located, less any lease incentive received.
The right‐of‐use asset is subsequently depreciated using the straight‐line method from the
commencement date to the end of the lease term, unless the lease transfers ownership of the
underlying asset to the Group by the end of the lease term or the cost of the right‐of‐use asset reflects
that the Group will exercise a purchase option. In this case the right‐of‐use asset will be depreciated
over the useful life of the underlying asset, which is determined on the same basis of those of property,
plant and equipment. In addition, the right of use asset is periodically reduced by impairment losses, if
any, and adjusted to reflect any changes deriving from remeasurements of the lease liability.
The lease liability is initially measured at the present value of the lease payments that are not paid at
the commencement date, discounted using the interests rate implicit in the lease. If that rate cannot be
readily determined, the Group uses the incremental borrowing rate. Generally, the Group uses its
incremental borrowing rate as the discount rate.
The Group determines its incremental borrowing rate by obtaining interest rates from various external
financing sources and makes certain adjustments to reflect the terms of the lease and type of the assets
leased.
The payments due for the lease included in the measurements of the lease liability comprise:
 fixed payments (including substantially fixed payments);
 variable lease payments that depend on an index or a rate, initially measured using the index or rate
  at the commencement date;
 amounts expected to be payable under a residual value guarantee; and
 the exercise price under a purchase option that the Group is reasonably certain to exercise, lease
  payments in an optional renewal period if the Group is reasonably certain to exercise an extension
  option, and penalties for early termination of a lease unless the Group is reasonably certain not to
  terminate early.



                                                                                                     102
                                                            CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2023




The lease liability is measured at amortized cost using the effective interest method. It is remeasured
when there is a change in future lease payments arising from a change in an index or rate, if there is a
change in the Group’s estimate of the amount expected to be payable under a residual value guarantee,
if the Group changes its assessment of whether it will exercise a purchase, extension or termination
option or if there is a revised in‐substance fixed lease payment.
When the lease liability is remeasured in this way, a corresponding adjustment is made to the carrying
amount of the right‐of‐use asset. If the carrying amount of the right‐of‐use asset has been reduced to
zero, the lessee recognises the change in the profit/loss for the year.
The Group presents right‐of‐use assets that do not meet the definition of investments property in
“Property, plant and equipment” and lease liabilities in “Loans” in the balance sheet.

Short-term leases and leases of low value assets – The Group has elected not to recognise right‐of‐use
assets and lease liabilities for leases of low value assets and short‐term leases, including IT equipment.
The Group recognises the lease payments associated with these leases as an expense on a straight‐line
basis over the lease term.

Intangible assets – An intangible asset is recognized in the accounts only if identifiable, likely to generate
future economic benefits and its cost can be reliably determined. Intangible assets are recognized at
purchase cost, net of amortization calculated on a straight line basis and on the basis of their estimated
useful life which, however, cannot exceed 20 years. Patents, licenses and know‐how are amortized as
from the year of the first sale of relevant products. Amortization of distribution and license rights is
calculated over the duration of the contract, using the following rates which are held to be
representative of the estimated useful life of the assets.
 Industrial patent rights and marketing authorizations 5% ‐ 33%
 Distribution licenses, trademarks and similar rights 5% ‐ 25%.

Goodwill – Goodwill arising on consolidation represents the excess of the cost of acquisition over the
Group’s interest in the fair value of the identifiable assets and liabilities of a subsidiary, associate or
jointly‐controlled entity at the date of acquisition. Transaction costs associated with a business
combination are not considered acquisition costs, but are recognized as expenses in the year they are
incurred. Goodwill is recognized as an asset and subjected annually to an impairment test in order to
determine any loss of value. This test is performed with reference to a cash‐generating unit, or CGU, to
which goodwill is attributed and at the level at which it is monitored.
Goodwill arising on the acquisition of an associate is included within the carrying amount of the
associate.
On disposal of a subsidiary, associate or jointly‐controlled entity, the attributable amount of remaining
goodwill is included in the determination of the gain or loss on disposal.

Impairment – At each reporting date, or more frequently if necessary, the Group reviews the carrying
amounts of its tangible and intangible assets to determine whether there is any indication that these
assets have suffered an impairment loss. If these indications exist, the recoverable amount of these
assets is estimated to determine the amount of the write‐down. Where it is not possible to estimate the
recoverable amount of an individual asset, the Group estimates the recoverable amount of the cash‐
generating unit to which the asset belongs.
The recoverable amount is the greater of net selling price and value in use. In assessing value in use, the
estimated future cash flows are discounted to their present value using an after‐tax discount rate that
reflects current market assessments of the time value of money and the risks specific to the asset. In
the context of determining estimated future cash flow, the Group takes into consideration risks
associated with issues linked to climate change, including applicable regulations, assessing whether



                                                                                                          103
                                                            CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2023




these may have a significant impact on estimates of the recoverable value and, when necessary,
including the effects on cash flow forecasts for estimates of value in use.
If the recoverable amount of an asset (or cash‐generating unit) is estimated to be less than its carrying
amount, the carrying amount of the asset (cash‐ generating unit) is reduced to its recoverable amount.
Impairment losses are recognized as an expense immediately.
When an impairment loss subsequently reverses, the carrying amount of the asset (cash‐generating
unit) is increased to the revised estimate of its recoverable amount. However, the increased carrying
amount cannot exceed the carrying amount that would have been determined had no impairment loss
been recognized. A reversal of an impairment loss is recognized as income immediately. Losses resulting
from the impairment of goodwill cannot be reversed.

Equity investments in associates – An associate is an enterprise over which the Group is in a position to
exercise significant influence, but not control, through participation in the financial and operating policy
decisions of the investee. The results and assets and liabilities of associates are incorporated in the
consolidated financial statements using the equity method of accounting.

Financial instruments
Recognition and measurement
Trade receivables and debt securities issued are initially recognized when they are originated. All other
financial assets and liabilities are initially recognized when the Group becomes a party to the contractual
provisions of the financial instrument. A financial asset (unless it is a trade receivable without a
significant financing component) or financial liability is initially measured at fair value plus or minus, for
an item not at FVTPL, transaction costs that are directly attributable to the acquisition or issue of the
financial asset or liability. A trade receivable without a significant financing component is initially
measured at the transaction price.

Classification and subsequent measurement
Financial assets
On initial recognition, a financial asset is classified on the basis of its measurement: amortized cost; fair
value through other comprehensive income (“FVOCI”) ‐ debt security; (FVOCI) ‐ equity security; or at fair
value through profit or loss (“FVTPL”).
Financial assets are not reclassified after their initial recognition, unless the Group changes its business
model for management of financial assets. In this case, all the financial assets involved are reclassified
on the first day of the year following the change in the business model.
A financial asset must be measured at amortized cost if it meets both of the following conditions and is
not designated as at FVTPL:
 it is held within a business model whose objective is to hold assets to collect contractual cash flows;
  and
 its contractual terms give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are solely payments of principal
  and interest on the principal amount outstanding.
A financial asset must be measured at FVOCI if it meets both of the following conditions and is not
designated as at FVTPL:
 it is held within a business model whose objective is achieved by both collecting contractual cash
  flows and selling financial assets; and
 its contractual terms give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are solely payments of principal
  and interest on the principal amount outstanding.




                                                                                                          104
                                                           CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2023




On initial recognition of an equity investment that is not held for trading, the Group may irrevocably
elect to present subsequent changes in the investment’s fair value in other comprehensive income. This
choice is made for each asset.
All financial assets not classified as measured at amortized cost or at FVOCI, as indicated above, are
measured at FVTPL. This includes all derivative financial assets. On initial recognition, the Group may
irrevocably designate a financial asset that otherwise meets the requirements to be measured at
amortized cost or at FVOCI as at FVTPL if doing so eliminates or significantly reduces an accounting
mismatch that would otherwise arise.

Financial assets: subsequent measurement and gains and losses
 Financial assets measured at FVTPL
   These assets are subsequently measured at fair value. Net gains and losses, including any interest
   or dividend income, are recognized in profit or loss for the year.
 Financial assets measured at amortized cost
  These assets are subsequently measured at amortized cost in conformity with the effective interest
  criterion. The amortized cost is decreased by impairment losses. Interest income, foreign exchange
  gains and losses and impairment are recognized in profit or loss, as are any gains or losses on
  derecognition.
 Debt investments measured at FVOCI
  These assets are subsequently measured at fair value. Interest income calculated using the
  effective interest method, foreign exchange gains and losses and impairment are recognized in
  profit or loss. Other net gains and losses are recognized in other comprehensive income. On
  derecognition, gains and losses accumulated in other comprehensive income are reclassified to
  profit or loss.
 Equity securities measured at FVOCI
  These assets are subsequently measured at fair value. Dividends are recognized as income in profit
  or loss unless the dividend clearly represents a recovery of part of the cost of the investment. Other
  net gains and losses are recognized in other comprehensive income and are never reclassified to
  profit or loss.

Financial liabilities: classification, subsequent measurement and gains and losses
Financial liabilities are classified as measured at amortized cost or at FVTPL. A financial liability is
classified as at FVTPL when it is held for trading, represents a derivative or is designated as such at the
moment of initial recognition. Financial liabilities at FVTPL are measured at fair value and net gains and
losses, including any interest expense, are recognized in profit or loss. Other financial liabilities are
subsequently measured at amortized cost in using the effective interest criterion. Interest expense and
foreign exchange gains and losses are recognized in profit or loss. Any gain or loss on derecognition is
also recognized in profit or loss.

Derecognition
Financial assets
The Group derecognizes a financial asset when the contractual rights to the cash flows from the financial
asset expire, or it transfers the rights to receive the contractual cash flows in a transaction in which
substantially all of the risks and rewards of ownership of the financial asset are transferred or in which
the Group neither transfers nor retains substantially all of the risks and rewards of ownership and it
does not retain control of the financial asset.
The Group enters into transactions whereby it transfers assets recognized in its statement of financial
position, but retains either all or substantially all of the risks and rewards of the transferred assets. In
these cases, the assets transferred are not derecognized.




                                                                                                        105
                                                            CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2023




Financial liabilities
The Group derecognizes a financial liability when its contractual obligations are discharged or cancelled,
or expire. The Group derecognizes a financial liability also in the case of a change in the related
contractual terms and the cash flows of the modified liability are substantially different. In this case, a
new financial liability is recognized at fair value on the basis of the modified contractual terms.
On derecognition of a financial liability, the difference between the carrying amount extinguished and
the consideration paid (including any non‐cash assets transferred or liabilities assumed) is recognized in
profit or loss.

Offsetting
Financial assets and financial liabilities are offset and the net amount presented in the statement of
financial position when, and only when, the Group currently has a legally enforceable right to set off the
amounts and it intends either to settle them on a net basis or to realise the asset and settle the liability
simultaneously.

Derivative financial instruments and hedge accounting
The Group holds derivative financial instruments to hedge its foreign currency and interest rate risk
exposures.
Derivative instruments are initially measured at fair value. Subsequent to initial recognition, derivatives
are measured at fair value, and changes therein are generally recognized in profit or loss.
The Group designates certain derivatives as hedging instruments to hedge the variability in cash flows
associated with highly probable forecast transactions arising from changes in foreign exchange rates and
interest rates and certain derivatives and non‐derivative financial liabilities as hedges of foreign
exchange risk on a net investment in a foreign operation. At inception of designated hedging
relationships, the Group documents the risk management objective and strategy for undertaking the
hedge. The Group also documents the economic relationship between the hedged item and the hedging
instrument, including whether the changes in cash flows of the hedged item and hedging instrument
are expected to offset each other.

Cash flow hedges
When a derivative is designated as a cash flow hedging instrument, the effective portion of changes in
the fair value of the derivative is recognized in other comprehensive income and accumulated in the
hedging reserve. The effective portion of changes in the fair value of the derivative that is recognized in
other comprehensive income is limited to the cumulative change in fair value of the hedged item,
determined on a present value basis, from inception of the hedge. Any ineffective portion of changes in
the fair value of the derivative is recognized immediately in profit or loss.
If the hedge no longer meets the criteria for hedge accounting or the hedging instrument is sold, expires,
is terminated or is exercised, then hedge accounting is discontinued prospectively. When hedge
accounting for cash flow hedges is discontinued, the amount that has been accumulated in the hedging
reserve remains in equity until, for a hedge of a transaction resulting in the recognition of a non‐financial
item, it is included in the cost of the non‐financial item on its initial recognition or, for other cash flow
hedges, it is reclassified to profit or loss in the same period or periods as the hedged expected future
cash flows affect profit or loss.
If the hedged future cash flows are no longer expected to occur, then the amounts that have been
accumulated in the hedging reserve and the cost of hedging reserve are immediately reclassified to
profit or loss.




                                                                                                         106
                                                            CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2023




Net investment hedges
When a derivative instrument or a non‐derivative financial liability is designated as the hedging
instrument in a hedge of a net investment in a foreign operation, the effective portion of, for a
derivative, changes in the fair value of the hedging instrument or, for a non‐derivative, foreign exchange
gains and losses is recognized in other comprehensive income and presented in the translation reserve
within equity. Any ineffective portion is recognized immediately in profit or loss. The amount recognized
in other comprehensive income is reclassified to profit or loss as a reclassification adjustment on
disposal of the foreign operation.
Inventories – Inventories are stated at the lower of cost and net realizable value, where the market
value of raw materials and subsidiaries is their substitution cost while that related to finished goods and
work‐in‐process is their net realizable value. Inventories of raw materials, supplies and promotional
material are valued at their average acquisition cost including costs incurred in bringing the inventories
to their location and condition at year end. Inventories of work‐in‐process and finished goods are valued
at their average manufacturing cost which includes the cost of raw materials, consumables, direct labour
and indirect costs of production.
Inventories are written‐down if market value is lower than cost as described above or in the case of
obsolescence resulting from slow moving stocks.
Cash and cash equivalents – Cash in banks on demand and short‐term highly liquid investments
measured at market value.
Non-current assets classified as held for sale and discontinued operations – These consist of
components of an entity, whose operations and cash flows can be distinguished operationally and for
financial reporting purposes, which have either been disposed of or satisfy the criteria to be classified
as held for sale.
A non‐current asset (or disposal group) classified as held for sale is measured at the lower of fair value
less costs to sell it and its carrying amount. Non‐current assets or disposal groups that are classified as
held for sale are not depreciated.
Shareholders’ equity – Equity instruments issued by the Company are recognized at the proceeds
received. Dividends distributed by the Parent Company are recognized as payables at the moment of
the resolution to distribute them. The purchase cost and selling price of treasury shares are recognized
directly in equity and are therefore not recognized in the income statement.
Provisions for employee benefits – Employee benefits are recognized on the basis of the results of the
measurements made according to what is established by the accounting standard IAS 19. The liability
recognized in the balance sheet for post‐employment benefit plans is the present value of the defined
benefit obligation, as adjusted for unrecognized actuarial gains and losses and unrecognized past service
cost. In particular the Projected Unit Credit Method is applied.
Provisions for risks and charges – Provisions for risks and charges made when the Group has a present
obligation as a result of past events, it is probable that an outflow of resources will be required to settle
the obligation and a reliable estimate of the amount can be made.
Transactions in foreign currencies – Transactions in currencies other than the euro are initially
recognized at the exchange rates prevailing on the dates of the transactions. Monetary assets and
liabilities denominated in such currencies are retranslated at the rates prevailing on the reporting date.
Gains and losses arising on exchange are included in net profit or loss for the period. Non‐monetary
assets and liabilities recognized at the exchange rates prevailing on the dates of the transactions are not
retranslated on the reporting date.
In the consolidated financial statements, the assets and liabilities of the Group’s foreign currency
operations are translated at the exchange rates prevailing on the reporting date. Income and expense
items are translated at the average exchange rates for the period. Exchange differences arising, if any,
are recognized in the consolidated statement of comprehensive income and included in the item



                                                                                                         107
                                                            CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2023




“reserve from translation of financial statements in foreign currencies”. This reserve is recognized as
income or as expenses in the period in which the subsidiary is disposed of.

Income statement
Revenue – Revenue is measured based on the consideration specified in a contract with a customer.
The Group recognizes revenue when it transfers control over a good or service to a customer. Revenues
are stated net of discounts, rebates and returns.
Information about the nature and the timing of the satisfaction of performance obligations in contracts
with customers and the related revenue recognition policies are as follows.
Revenues mainly comprise product sales and revenue from licensing‐out agreements. Product sales
represent net invoice value less estimated rebates, returns and chargebacks and are recognized when
control of the goods has been transferred to a third party. This is usually when ownership passes to the
customer, either on shipment or on receipt of goods by the customer, depending on the specific trading
terms.
Revenue from licensing‐out agreements includes income from collaborative arrangements on the
Group’s products where the Group has licensed certain rights associated with those products, but
retains a significant ongoing economic interest, through for example the ongoing supply of finished
goods. Income may take the form of up‐front payments, profit sharing and royalties. Where control of
a right to use of intangible assets passes at the outset of an arrangement, revenue is recognized at one
point in time. Where the substance of an arrangement is that of a right to access intangible assets,
revenue is recognized over time, normally on a straight‐line basis over the life of the contract. Where
the Group provides ongoing services (i.e. supply of products), revenue in respect of this element is
recognized over the duration of these services. Sales performance milestones are accounted for when
the licensee achieves the sales target, so these are recognized at one point in time. Royalties received
from the licensee are accounted for when the licensor is entitled to the payment, so these are to be
recognized at one point in time.
Cost of sales – This represents the cost of the goods sold. It includes the cost of raw materials, supplies
and consumables, finished goods, and direct and indirect production expenses.
Selling expenses ‐ These include all expenses incurred in connection with the products sold during the
year, such as payroll and other costs for sales and marketing personnel, promotional expenses and all
distribution costs.
Research and development expenses – Research and development costs are expensed in the income
statement in the year in which they are incurred in accordance with IAS 38, except the cases for which
the same IAS 38 prescribes the capitalization. IAS 38 prescribes that development costs must be
capitalized when, in relation to the products of the activity, technical and commercial feasibility is
achieved with high probability of success and future economic benefits are probable. These costs include
amounts due under collaboration agreements with third parties.
Transactions involving share-based payments – As prescribed by IFRS 2, stock option and performance
share plans for the benefit of Group employees are considered part of their remuneration, the cost of
which is the fair value of the rights at the date they are granted. This cost is recognized in profit and loss
linearly distributed over the vesting period with a counter‐item booked directly to equity.
Financial income and expenses – These include interest income and expenses, foreign exchange gains
and losses, both realized and unrealized, and differences arising from the valuation of securities. Interest
income and expenses are recognized in profit and loss using the effective interest method.
Taxes – Income taxes are the sum of current and deferred taxes. Current taxes are based on taxable
profit for the year and the tax rates in force at the reporting date are applied.




                                                                                                          108
                                                              CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2023




  Deferred taxes are taxes expected to be payable or recoverable on temporary differences between the
  carrying amount of assets and liabilities in the financial statements and the corresponding tax basis used
  in the computation of taxable income. Deferred tax liabilities are generally recognized all taxable
  temporary differences, while deferred tax assets are recognized to the extent to which it is considered
  probable that there will be taxable fiscal results in the future that will enable the use of the deductible
  temporary differences. Assets and liabilities are not recognized if the temporary differences derive from
  goodwill.
  Deferred tax is calculated at the tax rates that are expected to apply to the period when the liability is
  settled or the asset realized. Deferred tax is charged or credited in the income statement, except when
  it relates to items charged or credited directly to equity, in which case the deferred tax is also recognized
  in equity.
  Deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset when they relate to income taxes levied by the same taxation
  authority and the Group intends to settle its current tax assets and liabilities on a net basis.
  Earnings per share – Earnings per share is the net income for the period attributable to ordinary
  shareholders divided by the weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding during the period.
  Diluted earnings per share is calculated by adjusting the number of shares outstanding for the effects of
  all dilutive potential ordinary shares.


3. NET REVENUE
  The Group's revenue is derived from contracts with customers and is not subject to significant seasonal
  fluctuations, except for those in the cough and cold therapeutic area.
  Total net revenue in 2023 was € 2,082.3 million, up by 12.4% compared to 2022. They include € 25.6
  million for the sales of Avodart® and Combodart®/Duodart®, for which the sales and distribution rights
  have been acquired from GSK in the third quarter of the year, as well as full‐year revenues of € 200.9
  million from the product portfolio acquired with EUSA Pharma UK Ltd (“EUSA Pharma”) which in 2022
  were only consolidated from April, as to € 136.0 million. The increase is partly due to strong organic
  growth in turnover in both business sectors, despite the negative exchange effect totalling € 99.9 million,
  especially in the Specialty & Primary Care segment, of which € 60.1 million was due to the devaluation
  of the Turkish lira.
  Revenue can be detailed as follows:
   € (thousands)                                                    2023              2022           Changes
                                                                                                   2023/2022
   Net sales                                                    2,068,054        1,838,646           229,408
   Royalties                                                        9,947            8,309              1,638
   Upfront payments                                                 1,371            2,118              (747)
   Various revenue                                                  2,959            4,234            (1,275)

   Total net revenue                                            2,082,331        1,853,307           229,024

  The effect of the application of IAS 29 “Financial Reporting in Hyperinflationary Economies” to activities
  in Türkiye, taking account of the provisions of IAS 21 “Effects of Changes in Foreign Exchange Rates”,
  was essentially revenue‐neutral.
  Revenue for up‐front payments is related to the activity of licensing and distribution of products in the
  portfolio and is recognized when it accrues along the time horizon of collaboration with customers.
  Upfront payment revenue of € 1.4 million recognised in 2023 related mainly to the marketing
  agreements for pitavastatin, lercanidipine and the combination lercanidipine and enalapril. The



                                                                                                           109
                                                          CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2023




remaining balance of amounts already paid in advance by customers, which will be recognized for
accounting purposes as revenue in future periods, is recognized under deferred revenue (see Note 28,
Current liabilities) and amounted to € 2.9 million (€ 3.9 million at 31 December 2022).
The following tables show net revenue broken down by therapeutic area and geographic area by
country, with an indication of the related business segments identified by the Group.

THERAPEUTIC AREA

€ (thousands)          Specialty &    Specialty &         Rare Rare Diseases       Total           Total
                      Primary Care   Primary Care     Diseases          2022
                             2023           2022          2023                     2023            2022
Cardiovascular             365,213       351,854             ‐             ‐    365,213      351,854
Urology                    280,375       227,444             ‐             ‐    280,375      227,444
Gastrointestinal           219,267       203,218             ‐             ‐    219,267      203,218
Cough and Cold             137,121       125,505             ‐             ‐    137,121      125,505
Other treatment
areas                      311,604       300,626             ‐             ‐    311,604      300,626
Pharmaceutical
chemicals                   54,031        48,875             ‐             ‐     54,031       48,875
Metabolic and other
areas                            ‐                ‐   271,551       287,913     271,551      287,913
Endocrinology                    ‐                ‐   242,318       171,901     242,318      171,901
Oncology                         ‐                ‐   200,851       135,971     200,851      135,971

Total net revenue        1,367,611     1,257,522      714,720       595,785    2,082,331    1,853,307

GEOGRAPHIC AREA BY COUNTRY

€ (thousands)          Specialty & Specialty & Rare Diseases Rare Diseases          Total           Total
                      Primary Care Primary Care         2023          2022
                             2023         2022                                       2023           2022

Pharmaceutical revenue
Italy                    281,562        249,503        28,198         23,216      309,760     272,719
U.S.A.                         ‐              ‐       316,072        260,455      316,072     260,455
France                   143,288        134,443        36,389         34,655      179,677     169,098
Spain                    135,774        118,612        29,330         24,018      165,104     142,630
Germany                  106,146        128,223        44,756         39,392      150,902     167,615
Russia, Ukraine,
other CIS                120,917        118,607        19,649         13,070      140,566     131,677
Türkiye                   94,056         64,557         3,461          9,786       97,517      74,343
Portugal                  55,041         50,073         5,155          3,392       60,196      53,465
Other Western
European countries        90,228         84,321        62,178         52,374      152,406     136,695
Other Eastern
European countries       121,377        107,164        28,978         21,661      150,355     128,825
North Africa              38,701         34,709         1,515          2,955       40,216      37,664
Other international
sales                    126,490        118,435       139,039        110,811      265,529     229,246
Total
pharmaceutical
revenue                1,313,580      1,208,647       714,720        595,785    2,028,300    1,804,432




                                                                                                    110
                                                       CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2023




€ (thousands)        Specialty & Specialty & Rare Diseases Rare Diseases         Total          Total
                    Primary Care Primary Care         2023          2022
                           2023         2022                                     2023           2022

Pharmaceutical chemicals revenue
Italy                       3,691      2,652             ‐             ‐        3,691           2,652
Other European
countries                  15,209     14,353             ‐             ‐       15,209       14,353
Australasia                21,528     16,990             ‐             ‐       21,528       16,990
U.S.A.                      6,735      7,572             ‐             ‐        6,735        7,572
America (U.S.A.
excluded)                   5,541      4,725             ‐             ‐        5,541           4,725
Africa                      1,327      2,583             ‐             ‐        1,327           2,583
Total chemical
pharmaceuticals
revenue                    54,031     48,875             0            0        54,031       48,875

Total net revenue      1,367,611    1,257,522      714,720      595,785      2,082,331    1,853,307




                                                                                                111
                                                         CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2023




4. OPERATING EXPENSES
Total operating expenses for 2023 amounted to € 1,524.3 million, up compared to the € 1,416.0 million
of 2022, and are classified by function as follows:

€ (thousands)                                             2023                2022        Changes 2023/2022

Cost of sales                                          659,707             566,737                   92,970
Selling expenses                                       472,857             462,665                   10,192
Research and development expenses                      255,747             220,102                   35,645
General and administrative expenses                    128,253             109,493                   18,760
Other (income)/expenses, net                             7,759              56,984                 (49,225)

Total operating expenses                             1,524,323            1,415,981                 108,342

The cost of sales totals € 659.7 million, up compared to the previous year and representing 31.7% of
revenue, higher than the 30.6% in 2022. This is due to the higher cost of sales of GSK products and also
to the effects of the revaluation of the inventory acquired from EUSA Pharma according to IFRS 3. Its
negative impact on the income statement, calculated on the basis of the units sold for the year,
amounted to € 58.9 million (compared to € 49.8 million in 2022, which included three calendar quarters).
The effect of the application of IAS 29 “Financial Reporting in Hyperinflationary Economies” and several
provisions of IAS 21 “Effects of Changes in Foreign Exchange Rates” to activities in Türkiye was € 11.2
million, compared to € 9.1 million in 2022.
The selling expenses have increased by 2.2%, a limited increase also thanks to the benefits derived from
the efficiency measures already launched in the previous year and continued in 2023, particularly in the
Specialty & Primary Care sector, and the reduction of some costs related to hospital sales. Expenses as
a percentage of revenue came down compared to the same period the previous year also thanks to the
very positive revenue performance.
Research and development expenses were € 255.7 million, an increase of 16.2% compared to 2022,
partly owing to the integration of the EUSA Pharma expenses for the full year (including € 24.6 million
for the amortization of intangible assets, compared to the € 18.5 million for the nine months of 2022)
and to the progress made on various life cycle management projects.
General and administrative expenses increased by 17.1% owing to the integration of EUSA Pharma for
the full year and the strengthening of the overall coordination structure to support an increasingly
complex products portfolio.
The following table summarizes the more significant components of “Other net (income)/expenses”.

€ (thousands)                                            2023                   2022               Changes
                                                                                                 2023/2022
Non‐recurring costs:
‐ restructuring                                          5,210                23,340               (18,130)
‐ EUSA Pharma acquisition                                3,791                20,317               (16,526)
‐ earthquake emergency in Türkiye and Syria               520                         ‐                 520
‐ Ukraine emergency                                       117                  2,229                 (2,112)
‐ COVID‐19 pandemic                                          0                   661                  (661)
Impairment of intangible assets and goodwill              369                 10,934               (10,565)
Other                                                  (2,248)                  (497)                (1,751)
Other (income)/expenses, net                             7,759                56,984               (49,225)




                                                                                                        112
                                                            CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2023




Under the terms of the CONSOB Communication of 28 July 2006, on events, transactions and matters
which are non‐recurring or do not occur frequently in the normal course of business we can note:
 the costs linked to the targeted restructuring of the Specialty & Primary Care field force, in particular
  in Germany, France and Italy;
 the residual costs from the acquisition of EUSA Pharma, mainly relating to tech transfer fees;
 the cost of donations made after the earthquakes in Türkiye and Syria and the Ukraine conflict.
In compliance with the CONSOB Communication dated 28 July 2006, it is noted that, during 2023, there
were no atypical or unusual transactions, as defined by the Communication.
Total operating expenses are broken down by nature as follows:

€ (thousands)                                                2023                 2022   Changes 2023/2022

Material consumption                                      459,276              402,278                56,998
Payroll costs                                             363,796              324,320                39,476
Other employee costs                                       59,090               48,691                10,399
Variable sales expenses                                   103,533              125,144               (21,611)
Depreciation, amortization and write‐downs                143,038              136,690                 6,348
Utilities and consumables                                  55,433               41,825                13,608
Other expenses                                            340,157              337,033                 3,124
Total operating expenses                                1,524,323            1,415,981               108,342

The proportion of raw material consumption to net revenue was 22.1%, slightly up compared to the
21.7% of 2022.
The item “Payroll costs” shows growth of € 39.5 million, partly due to the integration of EUSA Pharma
(consolidated for the full year in 2023 and for nine months in 2022), and to the increases in salaries. It
includes € 7.9 million in the costs of stock option plans, essentially in line with the cost of € 8.3 million
for the same period of the previous year. In 2023, the Parent Company adopted a new long‐term
incentive scheme, called the “2023‐2025 Performance Shares Plan” which benefits certain Group
employees (see Note 20). The cost for the year, determined according to IFRS 2, amounted to € 3.0
million. The average number of employees in 2023 was 4,301, an increase compared to the 4,253 of
2022. There were 4,455 employees as at 31 December 2023, an increase over the 4,369 at the end of
2022.
Starting in 2019, some Group employees were designated as beneficiaries of an incentive plan with a 5‐
year vesting period, granted and entirely funded by Rossini Luxembourg S.à r.l., an indirect shareholder
of Recordati S.p.A., and will benefit from a return at the expiry of the plan term if they have met a
number of performance conditions. The measurement according to the accounting standard IFRS 2 led
to an expense in the 2023 income statement of € 1.5 million, which also includes the incentive plan
granted by Rossini Luxembourg S.à r.l. to the Chief Executive Officer of the Recordati Group.
Amortization and depreciation amounted to € 142.7 million, of which € 113.8 million relates to
intangible assets, an increase of € 15.3 million compared to the previous year. This is due in large part
to the effects of the EUSA Pharma acquisition, (€ 6.1 million), the recent acquisition of the rights to
distribute Avodart® (dutasteride) and Combodart®/Duodart® (dutasteride/tamsulosin) from GSK (€ 3.6
million) and € 28.9 million for property, plant and equipment, which has risen by € 1.6 million compared
to the costs for 2022.
“Other expenses” includes the non‐cash costs of € 58.9 million for the full year from the release of the
purchase price allocation of EUSA Pharma to the gross margin of inventories acquired in accordance
with IFRS 3, which amounted to € 49.8 million for the nine months of 2022.


                                                                                                         113
                                                             CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2023




5. NET FINANCIAL INCOME AND EXPENSES
  In 2023 and 2022 the net balance of financial components was negative respectively of € 67.0 million
  and € 35.9 million.
  The main items are summarized as follows:

  € (thousands)                                               2023             2022       Changes 2023/2022

  Interest expense on loans                                 72,516           31,306                   41,210
  Net exchange rate (gains)/losses                          (2,158)           5,804                   (7,962)
  Net (income)/expense on short‐term positions              (4,181)           2,290                   (6,471)
  Expenses on leases                                         1,939              852                    1,087
  Expenses for defined benefit plans                           402              145                      257
  Turkish hyperinflation effects (IAS 29)                   (1,546)          (4,506)                   2,960
  Total net financial (income)/expenses                     66,972           35,891                   31,081

  The € 41.2 million increase in interest expense on loans was mainly due to the taking on new debt, both
  in the first half of 2022, of € 800 million in connection with the acquisition of EUSA Pharma, and of CHF
  40 million Swiss francs, as well as in the second quarter of 2023, for a total of € 450 million, of which €
  350 million is already disbursed, mainly in relation to the agreement with GSK. The global rise in interest
  rates was another factor. In view of this, the 2023 financial year was impacted by a deterioration in the
  rates applied, with average borrowings higher than those in the 2022 financial year.
  Net exchange gains, mostly unrealised, amounted to € 2.2 million, whereas in the previous year there
  were net exchange losses of € 5.8 million. These changes are mainly attributable to the trend in the
  Russian rouble.
  Hyperinflation had a positive impact of € 1.5 million in 2023, against € 4.5 million in 2022.
  Note number 22 contains the details of the loan contracts.


6. INCOME TAXES
  Income taxes amounted to € 101.8 million and include the income taxes levied on all consolidated
  companies as well as the Italian regional tax on production (IRAP) applicable to all Italian companies.
  This item increased by € 12.7 million compared to 2022. In 2023 there was a non‐recurring element of
  of € 2.7 million in tax income linked to the treatment of hyperinflation in Turkey, following the release
  of deferred tax liabilities, due to the Turkish authorities’ decision to treat the hyperinflation effect as
  relevant for local tax purposes.
  In 2019, the Parent Company signed an advance agreement with the Italian Revenue Agency, to define
  the calculation methods and criteria for the “patent box”, a discount on taxable income connected with
  the direct use of intangible assets for the 2015 to 2019 tax years. As in the previous year, again in tax
  year 2023, Recordati S.p.A. took part in the reverse charge regime for the same assets as in 2015‐2019
  (apart from the expired patents and brands excluded in the meantime from the objective scope of the
  subsidy). The Company, operating in line with the previous years, determined the tax benefit pertaining
  to 2023, recognised to reduce the tax amounts, as € 8.6 million.




                                                                                                         114
                                                                CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2023




  The current standard corporate income tax rate in Italy can be reconciled with the tax rate effectively
  incurred on consolidated pre‐tax income, as follows:

                                                                                        2023             2022
                                                                                           %                %
  Standard income tax rate on pre‐tax income of the Parent Company                      24.0             24.0
  Dividends from foreign subsidiaries                                                    0.5              0.5
  Foreign tax rate differential                                                         (2.6)            (1.8)
  ACE from reverse merger                                                               (0.3)            (0.4)
  Tax benefit provided by the so‐called “Patent box” in Italy                           (1.8)            (1.6)
  Other differences, net                                                                 0.2              0.1
  Effective tax rate on income                                                          20.0             20.8
  IRAP                                                                                   0.7              1.4
  Effective tax rate on pre-tax income                                                  20.7             22.2

  IRAP is levied only on Italian companies and is computed applying an average rate of 4.63% to a broader
  taxable base calculated before the deduction of interest.


7. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
  The composition and change to property, plant and equipment, including the valuation of the right to
  use the assets conveyed under leases, are shown in the table below.




                                                                                                         115
                                                        CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2023




€ (thousands)                             Land and     Plant and        Other Investments       Total
                                          buildings   machinery    equipment in progress

Cost
Balance at 1 January 2022                   92,394      243,540        99,736      27,155    462,825
Additions                                   12,058         2,483        7,170      17,330      39,041
Disposals                                   (3,074)      (1,236)      (5,874)       (326)    (10,510)
Change to scope of consolidation              2,716            0        2,093           0       4,809
Write‐downs                                   (313)            0             0          0       (313)
Hyperinflation Türkiye                      12,277       13,220         3,639           0      29,136
Other changes                                 (799)          100          150     (3,269)     (3,818)
Balance at 31 December 2022                115,259      258,107      106,914       40,890    521,170
Additions                                     9,567        3,214       14,068      19,914      46,763
Disposals                                   (1,516)      (1,087)     (10,488)       (263)    (13,354)
Change to scope of consolidation                  0            0             0          0           0
Write‐downs                                       0            0        (118)           0       (118)
Hyperinflation Türkiye                        5,368        7,239        1,542         130      14,279
Other changes                               (5,031)        1,728          (97)   (12,522)    (15,922)
Balance at 31 December 2023                123,647      269,201      111,821       48,149    552,818

Accumulated amortization
Balance at 1 January 2022                   55,702      203,515        72,488          0     331,705
Amortization for the year                     7,021        8,966       11,302          0       27,289
Disposals                                   (2,582)        (856)      (5,735)          0      (9,173)
Change to scope of consolidation                 98            0          900          0          998
Hyperinflation Türkiye                        1,111        9,545        2,644          0       13,300
Other changes                                 (499)        (790)        (844)          0      (2,133)
Balance at 31 December 2022                 60,851      220,380        80,755          0     361,986
Amortization for the year                     7,937        9,367       11,570          0       28,874
Disposals                                   (1,516)      (1,087)     (10,488)          0     (13,091)
Change to scope of consolidation                  0            0            0          0            0
Hyperinflation Türkiye                          606        4,598        (147)          0        5,057
Other changes                               (1,186)      (5,349)      (2,130)          0      (8,665)
Balance at 31 December 2023                 66,692      227,909        79,560          0     374,161

Net amount
1 January 2022                              36,692       40,025       27,248      27,155     131,120
31 December 2022                            54,408       37,727       26,159      40,890     159,184
31 December 2023                            56,955       41,292       32,261      48,149     178,657

The increases in property, plant and equipment of € 46.8 million are mainly linked to the Parent
Company (€ 26.2 million, in particular for the signing of a new property lease agreement) and to the
subsidiaries Recordati Ilaç (€ 3.8 million), Casen Recordati (€ 2.9 million) and Opalia Pharma (€ 2.1
million).
"Other changes" includes the conversion into euro of the property, plant and equipment recognised in
other currencies, which led to a net decrease of € 7.4 million compared to 31 December 2022, primarily
due to the devaluation of the Turkish lira.

The following table shows the measurement of the right to use the assets conveyed under leases,
determined as prescribed by the accounting standard IFRS 16.



                                                                                                  116
                                                          CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2023




€ (thousands)                                 Land and        Plant and          Other            Total
                                              Buildings      machinery      equipment

Cost
Balance at 1 January 2022                       20,688           1,433          19,085          41,206
Additions                                       11,481               0           3,759          15,240
Disposals                                       (3,027)              0          (4,242)         (7,269)
Change to scope of consolidation                 2,539               0             848           3,387
Write‐downs                                       (313)              0               0            (313)
Hyperinflation Türkiye                           1,242               4           1,325           2,571
Other changes                                     (259)             (1)           (883)         (1,143)
Balance at 31 December 2022                     32,351           1,436          19,892          53,679
Additions                                        9,119               0           8,659          17,778
Disposals                                       (1,386)             (1)         (6,874)         (8,261)
Change to scope of consolidation                     0               0               0               0
Write‐downs                                          0               0               0               0
Hyperinflation Türkiye                             612              (2)            702           1,312
Other changes                                     (157)           (110)         (1,261)         (1,528)
Balance at 31 December 2023                     40,539           1,323          21,118          62,980

Accumulated amortization
Balance at 1 January 2022                        8,816             417           9,189          18,422
Amortization for the year                        4,402             288           6,334          11,024
Disposals                                       (2,556)              0          (4,170)         (6,726)
Change to scope of consolidation                     0               0               0               0
Hyperinflation Türkiye                             476               0             687           1,163
Other changes                                     (307)              0            (768)         (1,075)
Balance at 31 December 2022                     10,831             705          11,272          22,808
Amortization for the year                        5,466             268           6,380          12,114
Disposals                                       (1,386)             (1)         (6,874)         (8,261)
Change to scope of consolidation                     0               0               0               0
Hyperinflation Türkiye                             314              (3)           (648)           (337)
Other changes                                     (383)           (110)         (1,077)         (1,570)
Balance at 31 December 2023                     14,842             859           9,053          24,754

Net amount
1 January 2022                                  11,872           1,016           9,896          22,784
31 December 2022                                21,520             731           8,620          30,871
31 December 2023                                25,697             464          12,065          38,226

Rights of use of leased assets refer mainly to the office premises of several Group companies and to the
cars used by medical representatives operating in their territories.




                                                                                                    117
                                                                CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2023




8. INTANGIBLE ASSETS
  The composition and change in intangible assets are shown in the following table.

  € (thousands)                       Patent rights       Distribution,    Other      Advance          Total
                                     and marketing             licences,             payments
                                     authorizations    trademarks and
                                                          similar rights

  Cost
  Balance at 1 January 2022              1,067,019             561,269     20,478       54,749   1,703.515
  Additions                                     272             84,687        360       83,767     169,086
  Disposals                                     (77)            (1,075)     (364)      (1,072)      (2,588)
  Change to scope of consolidation                 0           532,270        565            0     532,835
  Write‐downs                                      0            (2,428)          0     (2,834)      (5,262)
  Hyperinflation Türkiye                      7,825               1,164     1,408            5      10,402
  Other changes                             41,803              17,538        (19)    (32,705)      26,617
  Balance at 31 December 2022            1,116,842           1,193,425     22,428     101,910    2,434,605
  Additions                                   1,066            245,602        825       17,784     265,277
  Disposals                                 (1,064)             (1,755)     (107)        (251)      (3,177)
  Change to scope of consolidation                 0                  0          0           0            0
  Write‐downs                                      0              (251)          0           0        (251)
  Hyperinflation Türkiye                      3,770               1,110       754            0        5,634
  Other changes                             20,505              82,175      (797)     (75,856)      26,027
  Balance at 31 December 2023            1,141,119           1,520,306     23,103       43,587   2,728,115

  Accumulated amortization
  Balance at 1 January 2022                305,705             240,789     18,235           0     564,729
  Amortization for the year                 50,685              47,127        655           0      98,467
  Disposals                                     (77)            (1,015)     (364)           0      (1,456)
  Change to scope of consolidation                 0              2,088       433           0        2,521
  Hyperinflation Türkiye                      3,912                 625     1,077           0        5,614
  Other changes                               6,210                 434       (87)          0        6,557
  Balance at 31 December 2022              366,435             290,048     19,949           0     676,432
  Amortization for the year                 51,315              61,760        720           0     113,795
  Disposals                                 (1,045)             (1,755)       (60)          0      (2,860)
  Change to scope of consolidation                 0                  0          0          0            0
  Hyperinflation Türkiye                      2,073                 712       552           0        3,337
  Other changes                               (949)                 747     (584)           0        (786)
  Balance at 31 December 2023              417,829             351,512     20,577           0     789,918

  Net amount
  1 January 2022                           761,314             320,480      2,243      54,749    1,138,786
  31 December 2022                         750,407             903,377      2,479     101,910    1,758,173
  31 December 2023                         723,290           1,168,794      2,526      43,587    1,938,197




                                                                                                         118
                                                              CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2023




  Increases for the year mainly include:
   € 245.0 million paid to GSK to obtain the distribution rights for Avodart® (dutasteride) and
     Combodart®/Duodart® (dutasteride/tamsulosin) in 21 countries;
   € 6.9 million for investments in software;
   € 4.9 million referring to clinical studies that comply with the criteria set by the IAS 38 accounting
     standard on capitalisation.
  “Other changes” includes the conversion into euro of the value of the intangible assets held and
  recognized in different currencies, which determined a net increase of € 27.0 million compared to 31st
  December 2022, mainly attributable to the revaluation of the Swiss franc for € 34.1 million and the
  depreciation of the Russian rouble for € 2.7 and the Turkish lira for € 2.1 million.


9. GOODWILL
  Goodwill at 31 December 2023 and 2022 amounted to € 778.3 million and € 780.1 million respectively.
  The changes, described below, come from the adequate recognition of changes in the exchange rates
  required under IAS 21 “Effects of changes in foreign exchange rates” and from the application of the
  requirements of IAS 29 “Financial reporting in hyperinflationary economies”.

  € (thousands)

  Balance at 31 December 2022                                                                     780,057
  Adjustments for hyperinflation                                                                   28,014
  Exchange rate adjustments                                                                       (29,721)
  Balance at 31 December 2023                                                                     778,350

  The impairment methodology to 31 December 2023, approved by the Board of Directors on 22 February
  2024, was adjusted following the changes to the CGU (cash generating units). From the 2023 financial
  year, the CGU have been linked to the Group’s two sectors of activity, namely:
   Specialty and Primary Care or SPC, which groups the various CGU that until the previous financial
    year had been identified by the reference geographical area;
   Rare Diseases.
  These changes thus only affected the SPC business, whose CGU ‐ previously identified by geographical
  market ‐ have been aggregated into a single CGU coinciding with its reference sector. Conversely, no
  changes were made to the Rare Diseases CGU, which is already the same as the reference sector.
  This change originated from the set of developments occurring in the SPC sector and the evolution of
  the new business model and organisational structure, resulting from new management strategies. The
  aim of these strategies is to optimise the established brands and to maximise innovation at affordable
  prices in the areas of principal presence and experience: cardiovascular, urology and gastrointestinal,
  regardless of the geographical area of reference in each case.
  In particular, the strategy for the SPC segment includes:
   growing the weight in the SPC segment as a fully integrated regional pharma company with the
    capacity to act as partner of choice, considering its scale and expertise, for the launch and
    development of promotionally sensitive brands at transnational level, and for the development of
    innovative products in the core therapeutic areas already controlled by the Company;
   the governance and organisational structure of the Company has also changed, and is now defined
    by greater centralisation and integration in the decision‐making process and the monitoring of
    performance, at sector level rather than geographic level;
   there is a continuing objective of consolidating and developing the existing synergies in the sales and
    retail network, between the prescription drugs area and the OTC segment, which will maintain their



                                                                                                       119
                                                            CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2023




   own specific characteristics with the objective of offering products which can achieve a presence in
   multiple geographic markets.
The changes and strategies now being introduced have created inconsistencies between the
configuration of the previous CGU and the new business model, as they lead to an increasing
interdependence of the flows of the various geographical markets with the following aspects continuing
to grow in importance:
 an increase in the relevance of Corporate products, even at the expense of withdrawing local
  products, with the success or failure of new product launches being determined on an overall level;
 growing attention to minimal pricing differences in the various countries;
 an organisational structure with one manager per business unit, to whom the managers by
  geographic area and certain central functions report;
 extraordinary financial transactions that are increasingly based on a transnational perspective.
For these reasons, in line with IAS 36 which defines a CGU as the smallest set of activities able to
generate cashflow independently of income from other activities, the new division of the Group's
operations into two CGU was adopted from the financial statements for the year ending 31 December
2023. Total net goodwill at 31 December 2023, of € 778.3 million, was divided between the two CGU as
follows:
 € 513.9 million to Specialty and Primary Care (SPC);
 € 264.4 million to Rare Diseases.
As reported in Note 2 “Summary of significant accounting policies”, goodwill is not amortized
systematically but is subject to impairment tests at least once a year to determine its recoverable value.
Goodwill is allocated to the individual cash‐generating units identified on the basis of the business
segments and the markets on which the new acquisitions operate. A cash‐generating unit to which
goodwill has been allocated shall be tested for impairment annually, and when there is any indication
that it may be impaired, by comparing the carrying amount of the unit, including goodwill, with the
recoverable amount of the unit. If the recoverable amount of the unit exceeds the carrying amount of
the unit, the unit and the goodwill allocated to that unit is not impaired. If the carrying amount of the
unit exceeds the recoverable amount of the unit, the entity must recognize an impairment loss.
The recoverable amount was determined by calculating the value in use of the individual cash‐
generating units based on discounted cash flow (DCF analysis) originating from operating cash flow
forecasts for the period used explicitly for the calculation (2024‐2028) and from the cash flow beyond
that period, according to the net operating income model expected in perpetuity.
The main assumptions used for calculating the value in use concern the expected operating cash flows
during the period assumed for the calculation, the discount rate and the growth rate.
Operating cash flow forecasts for the period explicitly used for the calculation (2024‐2028) come from
the 2024 budget approved by the Board of Directors of the Parent Company on 22 February 2024 and,
for 2025 to 2028, from specific forecasts prepared for the cash‐generating units subject to impairment
testing approved by the Board of Directors on 19 March 2024. The cashflow forecast took due account
of the effects of the Russia/Ukraine conflict. In light of this analysis and taking into account the expected
results and the resilience of the pharmaceutical industry, no significant impacts have as yet been
identified with regard to the measurement of the Specialty & Primary Care CGU. Nonetheless, given the
complexity of the situation and uncertainties about developments in the crisis and their possible
impacts, the Company continues to monitor the situation. With regard to risks associated with climate
change, as highlighted in the section of the Annual Report on corporate risks, the Company has
determined that this risk does not have a significant impact on the pharmaceutical sector or the estimate
of the recoverable value of assets. It was, therefore, not deemed necessary to carry out a sensitivity
analysis of potential impacts deriving from climate risks. The impairment tests were approved by the
Board of Directors on 19 March 2024.




                                                                                                         120
                                                             CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2023




  The discount rate used for estimates is the after‐tax average weighted cost of capital which reflects
  current market valuations of the cost of money and the specific risk associated with the cash‐generating
  units. The growth rates used for the period subsequent to the explicit forecast period were prudently
  estimated and take into account the specific features of each country involved.
  The following table shows the discount rates used for the impairment test for each of the two cash‐
  generating units:

  Cash-generating unit                                                                           Discount rate

  Specialty and Primary Care segment                                                                    9.77%
  Drugs for the treatment of rare diseases                                                              8.36%

  The value in use, determined according to the procedures described for each cash‐generating unit, was
  examined and approved by the Board of Directors on 19 March 2024. For both CGUs it was higher, even
  significantly so, than the book value of the net capital invested recognized in the financial statements at
  31 December 2023 and therefore no impairment of goodwill was recognized. In addition, as required by
  the impairment methodology approved by the Board of Directors on 22 February 2024, a sensitivity
  analysis was conducted to show the possible impact on the headroom value of changes in the following
  parameters: long‐term growth rate (+/‐ 0.5%), operating profit growth rate (+/‐ 10%) and discount rate
  (+/‐ 0.5%). The result of the analysis confirmed that there were no impairment losses.
  Finally, only for the impairment test of 31 December 2023 with the goal of ensuring that the results are
  not influenced by the restructuring of the Specialty & Primary Care CGUs, a quantitative “dual approach”
  impairment test was conducted, based on the previous CGU structure. This exercise confirmed the
  absence of a need for writedowns.


10. OTHER EQUITY INVESTMENTS AND SECURITIES
  At 31 December 2023 the details of other equity investments and securities were as follows:
  € (thousands)                                                 Book value                 Percentage stake
                                                         31/12/2023 31/12/2022 31/12/2023 31/12/2022
  PureTech Health p.l.c. ‐ United Kingdom                     21,350         28,708       3.5%          3.3%
  Phaxiam Therapeutics S.A., France                              198           158        0.7%          1.4%
  Standard BioTools Inc. ‐ United States of America                3             1         n/a            n/a
  Other                                                            4             4         n/a            n/a
  Total equity investments and securities                     21,555         28,871

  The main investment refers to the U.K. company PureTech Health plc, specializing in investments in
  start‐up companies dedicated to innovative therapies, medical devices and new research technologies.
  Starting from 19 June 2015, the Company’s were admitted for trading on the London Stock Exchange.
  At 31 December 2023, the total fair value of the 9,554,140 shares held was € 21.4 million. The value of
  the investment was consequently adjusted to the stock exchange value and fell by € 7.3 million,
  compared to 31 December 2022, with a counter‐item accounted for, net of the related tax effect, in the
  statement of gains and losses recognized in shareholders’ equity.
  This item also includes € 0.2 million regarding an investment made during 2012 in Erytech Pharma S.A.,
  a listed French biopharmaceutical company, focused on developing new therapies for rare oncological
  pathologies and orphan diseases. The investment, originally structured as a non‐interest‐bearing loan,
  was converted into 431,034 company shares in May 2013. In June 2023, the company announced the
  merger with Pherecydes Pharma S.A., changing its name to Phaxiam Therapeutics S.A. The new shares



                                                                                                          121
                                                             CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2023




   were admitted for trading on the French regulated market starting on 29 June 2023. The value of the
   investment, currently represented by 43,103 shares, was adjusted to the stock exchange value and
   increased, compared to that at 31 December 2022, by € 0.05 million, with a counter‐item accounted for,
   net of the related tax effect, in the statement of gains and losses recognized in equity.
   The US company Fluidigm Corp. has changed its name to Standard BioTools Inc.


11. OTHER NON-CURRENT ASSETS
   At 31 December 2023, this item amounted to € 12.5 million, increasing by € 2.9 million compared to 31
   December 2022, referring mainly to the discounted receivable for € 3.6 million in respect of ARS
   Pharmaceuticals Inc. following the signing of the agreement in February 2023 for the return of the rights
   on ARS‐1, a nasal spray containing epinephrine, at an advanced development stage, for the emergency
   treatment of serious allergic reactions (See Note 19).


12. DEFERRED TAX ASSETS
   At 31 December 2023 deferred tax assets amounted to € 76.7 million (€ 76.9 million at 31 December
   2022).
   The main deferred tax assets and their changes are presented in the two tables below:
   € (thousands)                                                                      2023                  2022

   Balance at 1 January                                                             76,895                75,922
   Additions                                                                        21,237                14,023
   Utilizations                                                                 (16,084)                 (21,248)
   Reclassifications                                                                (5,374)                        ‐
   Change to scope of consolidation                                                       ‐                8,198
   Balance at 31 December                                                           76,674                76,895


   € (thousands)                 Revenues/costs     Realignment       Tax credits              Other      Total
                                   with deferred
                                       tax effect

   Balance at 1 January                   18,714          4,440            1,952              51,789     76,895
   Additions                               7,438               ‐                ‐             13,799     21,237
   Utilizations                          (3,096)         (4,440)         (1,504)              (7,044)   (16,084)
   Reclassifications                     (5,925)                                                 551     (5,374)
   Balance at 31 December                 17,131              0              448              59,095     76,674

   In the 2017 financial year, the Parent Company took advantage of the option, allowed by tax law, to
   release the differences between the higher book values of Goodwill resulting from the 2016 acquisitions
   of Italchimici S.p.A. and of Pro Farma AG, and the corresponding recognised fiscal values. Tax law
   required the payment of IRES and IRAP substitute tax at 16%, with future deductibility of the exempted
   amounts set at the rate of one‐fifth for each year from the second financial year after the one in which
   the substitute tax was paid. The benefit from the future tax deductibility of the exempted amounts
   determined the recognition of deferred tax assets of € 22.2 million. The last portion of exempted
   amounts was deducted in the 2023 fiscal year and the deferred tax assets were therefore reduced to
   zero.




                                                                                                              122
                                                              CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2023




   The tax credits relate to the tax incentives associated with the construction of the production plant in
   Türkiye.
   The item “Other” mainly refers to temporary differences deriving from the elimination of unrealised
   profits on intercompany sales.
   The reclassifications refer to the figures for 31 December 2022, deriving from the deferred tax liabilities,
   following the change of net balance for some of the companies at the 2023 year‐end.
   The tax effect of comprehensive income statement components is € 1.3 million, unchanged compared
   to 31 December 2022.


13. INVENTORIES
   Inventories at 31 December 2023 amounted to € 404.8 million (€ 424.1 million at 31 December 2022),
   net of provisions for the impairment of pharmaceutical products nearing expiry and slow moving of €
   20.1 million (€ 17.5 million at 31 December 2022). The residual value of the revaluation of inventories
   made in the previous year, in application of IFRS 3 after the EUSA Pharma acquisition, amounts to € 33.6
   million. The breakdown by category is as follows:
   € (thousands)                                              31/12/2023          31/12/2022          Changes
                                                                                                    2023/2022
   Raw materials and supplies                                      86,956              92,080           (5,124)
   Semi‐finished goods and work in process                         85,345              78,830            6,515
   Finished goods                                                 232,530            253,170           (20,640)
   Total                                                          404,831            424,080           (19,249)



14. TRADE RECEIVABLES
   Trade receivables at 31 December 2023 and 2022 amounted to € 445.2 million and € 361.9 million
   respectively. The amounts are expressed net of provisions for impairment, which at 31 December 2023
   amounted to € 15.7 million (€ 17.7 million at 31 December 2022). This item is considered consistent with
   positions which, for the particular nature of the customers or the destination markets, may be difficult
   to collect. The average number of days of exposure was 66, up compared to the 63 days in 2022.
   Provisions for impairments fell by € 2.0 million (increase of € 3.6 million in 2022), and this difference is
   classified in selling expenses.
   The Group uses a matrix to measure the expected credit losses on trade receivables from individual
   customers, which comprise a very large number of small balances. Losses are estimated using a method
   based on the probability of a receivable progressing through successive stages of insolvencies calculated
   separately for exposures in different segments based on common credit risk characteristics, such as
   geographical region and duration of the customer relationship. The following table provides information
   about the exposure to credit risk for trade receivables:
   € (thousands)                                               31/12/2023        31/12/2022           Changes
                                                                                                    2023/2022
   Current (not past due)                                         381,744            313,885           67,859
   1‐30 days past due                                              28,935             15,074           13,861
   31‐60 days past due                                              6,367             10,940           (4,573)
   61‐90 days past due                                              8,918              5,131             3,787
   More than 90 days past due                                      34,883             34,590               293
   Total gross trade receivables                                  460,847            379,620          81,227




                                                                                                           123
                                                             CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2023




  Additional information about how the Group assesses its exposure to credit risk and provisions for
  doubtful accounts is provided in Note 33.


15. OTHER RECEIVABLES
  Other receivables amounted to € 99.4 million, up by € 35.5 million compared to 31 December 2022. The
  relevant details are presented in the table below:

  € (thousands)                                              31/12/2023         31/12/2022          Changes
                                                                                                  2023/2022
  Tax receivables                                                 72,508             49,353           23,155
  Advances to employees and agents                                 2,796              1,751            1,045
  Other                                                           24,097             12,810           11,287
  Total other receivables                                         99,401             63,914           35,487

  Tax receivables also include value added tax (VAT) receivable (€ 29.5 million) and advance payments of
  income tax paid in excess. Advances to employees and agents comprise advances on expense accounts
  and other receivables. The “Other” receivables item includes the advances paid to suppliers and other
  parties, as well as settlements due from licensors and € 6.9 million relating to the short‐term discounted
  receivable from ARS Pharmaceuticals Inc., following the signing of an agreement in February 2023 for
  the restitution of rights to ARS‐1 (See Note 19).


16. OTHER CURRENT ASSETS
  Other current assets amounted to € 19.9 million (€ 15.4 million at 31 December 2022) and relate mainly
  to prepaid expenses.


17. DERIVATIVE INSTRUMENTS MEASURED AT FAIR VALUE
    (included in current assets)
  At 31 December 2023 the value of derivative instruments included under this item amounted to € 11.1
  million.
  The measurement at market (fair) value of the cross currency swaps, entered into by the Parent
  Company to hedge the US$75 million loan issued on 31 September 2014 resulted in a total asset of € 7.7
  million. This amount represents the potential benefit of a lower value in euro of the future dollar
  denominated principal and interest flows, in view of the revaluation of the foreign currency with respect
  to the moment in which the loan and hedging instruments were negotiated. In particular, the change in
  fair value of the derivative hedging the US$ 50 million tranche of the loan, provided by Mediobanca, was
  positive for € 4.7 million, and that hedging the US$ 25 million tranche of the loan, provided by UniCredit,
  yielded a € 3.0 million positive change.
  The measurement at market (fair) value of the interest rate swaps hedging a number of loans gave rise
  to total assets of € 3.4 million, representing the opportunity of paying in the future, for the term of the
  loans, the agreed interest rates rather than the variable rates currently expected. The measurement
  relates to the interest rate swaps taken out by the Parent Company to hedge the interest rates on the
  syndicated loan finalised in the first half of 2022.
  At 31 December 2023, other hedging transactions on foreign currency positions were essentially
  measured at nil, compared to € 4.2 million at 31 December 2022, with the difference recognised in the




                                                                                                         124
                                                             CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2023




  income statement, offsetting the exchange gains determined by the valuation of the underlying
  positions at current exchange rates.
  The fair value of these hedging derivatives is measured at level 2 of the hierarchy provided for in the
  accounting standard IFRS 13 (see note 2). The fair value is equal to the current value of the estimated
  future cash flows. Estimates of future floating‐rate cash flows are based on quoted swap rates futures
  prices and interbank borrowing rates. Estimated cash flows are discounted using a yield curve which
  reflects the relevant benchmark interbank rate used by market participants for pricing interest rate
  swaps.


18. CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS
  A breakdown is shown in the following table:
  € (thousands)                                              31/12/2023         31/12/2022           Changes
                                                                                                   2023/2022
  Demand current account deposits                                194,959            162,602             32,357
  Short‐term time deposits                                        26,808            122,098          (95,290)
  Cash on hand                                                        45                 34        11
  Total cash and cash equivalents                                221,812            284,734          (62,922)

  Short‐term time deposits consist of tied deposits with maturities of three months or less.
  At 31 December 2023, cash and cash equivalents were mainly in euro (53.7 million), U.S. dollars (118.4
  million, especially for the subsidiary Recordati Rare Diseases Inc.), Russian roubles (1,442.9 million,
  mainly from the subsidiary Rusfic LLC), Tunisian dinars (37.8 million for the subsidiaries in Tunisia),
  British pounds (5.4 million, mainly for the UK subsidiaries), and Swiss francs (5.6 million, mainly for the
  subsidiary Recordati AG).


19. NON-CURRENT ASSETS HELD FOR SALE
  As of 31 December 2022, the sum of € 12.5 million was posted as the estimated discounted recoverable
  value of the € 15.0 million milestone paid to ARS Pharmaceuticals Inc. for the ARS‐1 licence, following
  the start of negotiations to return the product rights. In February 2023, the parties reached an
  agreement, leading to a receipt of € 3.0 million and the reclassification under Receivables of the
  discounted recoverable value and the zeroing of the balance under the item Non‐current assets held for
  sale.


20. SHAREHOLDERS’ EQUITY ATTRIBUTABLE
    TO EQUITY HOLDERS OF THE PARENT
  Share capital ‐ the share capital at 31 December 2023, of € 26,140,644.50, was fully paid up and
  consisted of 209,125,156 ordinary shares with a par value of € 0.125 each. During 2023, there were no
  changes.
  Share premium reserve ‐ At 31 December 2023, this amounted to € 83.7 million, unchanged compared
  to the previous year.
  Treasury shares ‐ At 31 December 2023, 3,119,044 treasury shares are held in the portfolio, a decrease
  of 564,989 shares compared to 31 December 2022. The change was due to the disposal of 1,090,250
  shares for an amount of € 30.1 million to enable the exercise of the options attributed to employees as
  part of the stock option plans and to the purchase of 525,261 shares for an amount of € 22.7 million.



                                                                                                          125
                                                            CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2023




The total cost to purchase the treasury shares in the portfolio was € 128.0 million, with an average unit
price of € 41.03.
Reserve for derivative instruments measured at fair value ‐ In accordance with the provisions of the
international accounting standard IFRS 9, this shareholders’ equity reserve contains the entry for the
value of the assets and liabilities resulting from the measurement at market value of the cross‐currency
swaps qualifying as cash flow hedges, the entry for the recognition in the income statement offsetting
the valuation at year‐end exchange rates of the foreign currency loans hedged, and the assets and
liabilities resulting from the measurement at market value of the interest rate swaps also qualifying as
cash flow hedges. At 31 December 2023 this value, net of the tax effect, was negative € 0.3 million.
Other reserves ‐ At 31 December 2023, these amounted to € 61.2 million, down by € 1.0 million
compared to 31 December 2022. Other reserves include the statutory reserve of the Parent Company
(€ 5.2 million), reserves for grants received (€ 15.5 million) and reserves for amounts booked directly to
equity in application of the international accounting standards. The application of IFRS 2 had a positive
effect of € 30.9 million, while the application of IAS 19 had a negative effect of € 1.0 million. The
recognition of the gains associated with the investment in Puretech Health p.l.c. determined a positive
after‐tax effect of € 13.7 million, while the recognition of the reduced value of the investment in Phaxiam
Therapeutics S.A. determined an after‐tax negative effect of € 3.5 million. The completion of the reverse
merger in 2021 led to the recognition of a reserve for € 0.4 million.
Profits carried forward and net income ‐ At 31 December 2023, profits carried forward amounted to €
1,636.5 million, up by € 112.4 million compared to 31 December 2022 and the Group’s net income was
€ 389.2 million, up by 24.6% compared to € 312.3 million in 2022. Some of the shareholders’ equity
reserves recognised in the Group’s Italian companies are in tax suspension and, according to the fiscal
rules, their distribution is subject to taxation. These reserves, net of the substitute taxes already paid of
€ 18.4 million, amounted to € 152.2 million. In accordance with the international accounting standard
IAS 12, deferred taxes are not recognized on these suspended reserves until their distribution is
resolved.
Interim dividend ‐ During the year, the Board of Directors of the Parent Company resolved to distribute
an interim dividend for 2023 of € 0.57 per share, for a total amount of € 117.4 million.
Incentive plans ‐ At 31 December 2023, the Company has three stock option plans benefiting certain
Group employees: the 2014‐2018 plan with the grant on 13 April 2016, the 2018‐2022 plan, with the
grant of 3 August 2018, and the 2021‐2023 plan with the grants of 6 May 2021, 1 December 2021 and
24 February 2022. The strike price for the options is the average of the Parent Company's listed share
price during the 30 days prior to the grant date. The options are vested over a period of five years, over
four tranches starting from the second year, in the case of the less recent grants and three years for the
2021 and 2022 grants, payable in a single tranche. They expire if they are not exercised within the eighth
year after the grant date. Options cannot be exercised if the employee leaves the Company before they
are vested. Over the course of the first six months of 2023, the 2021‐2023 plan was revoked, limited to
the allocation of options envisaged for 2023 pursuant to said plan, without prejudice, therefore, to the
validity and effectiveness of the plan for the allocation of options carried out in 2021 and 2022.




                                                                                                         126
                                                            CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2023




  Stock options outstanding at 31 December 2023 are detailed in the following table:

                         Strike price      Quantity       Granted    Exercised in Cancelled and    Quantity
                                  (€)      1/1/2023          2023           2023        expired 31/12/2023
                                                                                           2023

  Grant date
  13 April 2016                21.93        899,500              ‐     (387,250)             ‐     512,250
  03 August 2018               30.73      2,620,500              ‐     (703,000)      (24,500)   1,893,000
  06 May 2021                  45.97      2,614,500              ‐             ‐     (223,000)   2,391,500
  1 December 2021              56.01        130,000              ‐             ‐             ‐     130,000
  24 February 2022             47.52      3,520,000              ‐             ‐     (427,000)   3,093,000
  Total                                   9,784,500              -   (1,090,250)     (674,500)   8,019,750

  Starting in 2019, some Group employees were designated as beneficiaries of an incentive plan with a 5‐
  year vesting period, granted and entirely funded by Rossini Luxembourg S.à r.l., an indirect shareholder
  of Recordati S.p.A., and will benefit from a return at the expiry of the plan term if they have met a
  number of performance conditions. The measurement according to IFRS 2 led to an expense in the 2023
  income statement of € 1.5 million, which also includes the incentive plan granted by Rossini Luxembourg
  S.à r.l. to the Chief Executive Officer of the Recordati Group.
  In the first half of 2023, the Parent Company adopted a new long‐term incentive plan called “2023‐2025
  Performance Shares Plan”, benefiting certain Group employees. The plan provides for three grants of
  rights to receive Company shares free of charge, one for each year covered by the plan. On 27 June, the
  grant envisaged for 2023 was carried out for a total of 440,485 rights, which, following a vesting period
  of three years, will allow recipients to receive shares of the Parent Company up to an amount of 175%
  of the amount originally granted, based on the trend of certain performance indicators. However, these
  rights will expire if the employee leaves the Company before they are vested. The cost for the year,
  determined according to IFRS 2, amounted to € 3.0 million.


21. SHAREHOLDERS’ EQUITY ATTRIBUTABLE
    TO NON-CONTROLLING INTERESTS
  All consolidated companies are 100% owned, except for the Tunisian company Opalia Pharma, which is
  90% owned. The company has, however, been 100% consolidated by applying the anticipated
  acquisition method allowed by IAS 32. Consequently, the amount estimated for the acquisition of the
  remaining 10%, of € 3.7 million, was recognized as a liability since the transfer of this remaining quota
  is covered by contractual agreements which provide for reciprocal put and call options between the
  parties which have a high probability of being exercised. Subsequent changes of the estimate will be
  recognized in a shareholders’ equity reserve. This accounting method is not detrimental to the rights of
  the non‐controlling shareholders during the period until all capital shares are transferred.


22. LOANS
  At 31 December 2023, loans amounted to € 1,709.0 million, up by a net € 75.9 million compared to 31
  December 2022.
  This item includes the liabilities deriving from the application of the accounting standard IFRS 16,
  representing the obligation to make the payments provided for in the existing leases for a total amount
  of € 37.9 million, a net decrease of € 7.1 million compared to 31 December 2022.




                                                                                                       127
                                                          CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2023




During 2023, the Loans item increased by € 365.4 million: € 347.6 million from opening new bank loans
and € 17.8 million relating to new lease contracts. Repayments over the period totalled € 290.4 million,
of which € 280.2 million were for bank loan repayments and € 10.2 million for leasing liabilities.
During the year, the loan of € 150.0 million taken out with Mediobanca in 2018 matured and was paid
off.
The effect of the translation of loans in foreign currencies and of expenses incurred to place the loans,
together with the early termination of a number of leases, determined a total net increase of € 0.9
million compared to 31 December 2022.
A breakdown of medium‐ and long‐term loans at 31 December 2023 and 2022 is shown in the following
table:




                                                                                                     128
                                                                               CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2023




€ (thousands)                                                                                                31/12/2023         31/12/2022


GRANTED TO RECORDATI S.p.A.:
Loan from a pool of eight national and international lenders led by Mediobanca, consisting of                     *298,052                    ‐
two independent variable‐rate loans repayable between 2024 and 2028 in six‐monthly
instalments. The payable was partially converted to a fixed interest rate through interest rate
swap transactions
Loan from ‘Cassa Depositi e Prestiti’, at a variable interest rate, repayable in semi‐annual                       *49,974                    ‐
instalments from 2025 until 2033
Guaranteed senior notes privately placed with international institutional investors in 2022 at a                   *74,758            *74,736
fixed interest rate, repayable in annual installments starting 2030 through 2034
Loan from a pool of national and international banks, specifically Mediobanca, JP Morgan,                         *689,981           *796,518
UniCredit and Banca Nazionale del Lavoro, subsequently syndicated with the involvement of
other international credit institutions, at a variable interest rate, repayable starting in 2023
and through 2027. The payable was partially converted to a fixed interest rate through interest
rate swap transactions
Loan from a consortium of Italian and international lenders led by Mediobanca, at a variable                      *179,608           *179,446
interest rate, repayable in a single installment in 2026
Loan from Allied Irish Bank, at a variable interest rate, repayable in semi‐annual installments                    *33,934            *37,905
starting 2022 through 2026
Loan from Mediobanca, Natixis and Unicredit, syndicated involving a pool of Italian and                           *127,636           *213,207
international banks, at a variable interest rate, repayable in semi‐annual installments starting
2020 through 2024
Guaranteed senior notes privately placed with international institutional investors in 2017 at a                  *124,930           *124,921
fixed interest rate, repayable in annual installments starting 2025 through 2032
Guaranteed senior notes privately placed in 2014 with international institutional investors,                       *46,444            *60,815
structured in two tranches:
US$50 million at fixed interest rate repayable in semi‐annual installments starting 2022
through 2026, converted with cross currency swap into a debt of € 37.3 million at fixed
interest rate,
US$25 million at fixed interest rate repayable in semi‐annual installments starting 2023
through 2029, converted with cross currency swap into a debt of € 18.7 million at fixed
interest rate
Loan from Mediobanca, at a variable interest rate partially hedged by an interest rate swap,                               ‐          *42,733
repaid in 2023
Liabilities for leases granted to Recordati S.p.A.                                                                    7,742              2,371


GRANTED TO OTHER GROUP COMPANIES:
Loan from UBS Switzerland AG to Recordati AG for CHF 40.0 million, at fixed interest rate,                          21,328             33,767
repayable in semi‐annual instalments starting 2022 through 2025
Loan from UBS Switzerland AG to Recordati AG for CHF 75.0 million, at variable interest rate,                       24,298             38,083
repayable in semi‐annual instalments starting 2020 through 2025
Various interest‐free loans granted to Casen Recordati S.L. repayable within 2029                                       139                156
Liabilities for leases granted to the other Group companies                                                         30,144             28,437

Total amortized cost of loans                                                                                    1,708,968          1,633,095


Loans due within one year, classified among current liabilities                                                    355,752            291,546
Loans due after one year, classified among non‐current liabilities                                               1,353,216          1,341,549
* Net of expenses incurred for placing the loans, amortized on the basis of the effective interest rate. At 31 December 2023, the remaining
expenses totalled € 5.6 million, mainly related to the loans granted to Recordati S.p.A. in 2022 by a loan consortium (€ 1.9 million) and in 2022
(€ 2.4 million), the syndicated loan granted to Recordati S.p.A. in 2019 by a group of banks (€ 0.4 million), the 2021 loan granted by a loan
consortium led by Mediobanca (€ 0.4 million), the bonds issued by Recordati S.p.A. in 2014, 2017 and 2022 (totalling € 0.4 million) and the loans
from Cassa Depositi e Prestiti and Allied Irish Bank (€ 0.1 million in total).




                                                                                                                                          129
                                                           CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2023




The repayment schedule for loans due after 31 December 2024, based on their amortization plans, is as
follows:

€ (thousands)

2025                                                                                                 250,279
2026                                                                                                 465,690
2027                                                                                                 338,006
2028                                                                                                 116,265
2029 and subsequent years                                                                            182,976
Total                                                                                               1,353,216

The weighted average interest rate at 31 December 2023, calculated applying the rates resulting from
the hedging instruments, is 4.74%.
The main loans outstanding are:
a) Loan for a total of € 400.0 million taken out on 16 May 2023 by Recordati S.p.A. with a consortium
   of eight national and international lenders including Mediobanca as the coordinating institution, for
   an individual portion of € 50.0 million. The loan is formed of two independent loans for € 300.0
   million and € 100.0 million respectively, both at a variable interest rate equal to the six month Euribor
   (with a zero floor) plus a variable spread based on a step‐up/step‐down mechanism on changes in
   the Leverage Ratio, with an interest payment every 6 months and a five year term. The loan for a
   higher amount, disbursed on 14 June 2023, will be repaid in semi‐annual instalments of increasing
   value starting from April 2024 and with settlement in May 2028. It was partially hedged with interest
   rate swaps, qualifying as cash flow hedges, effectively converting the hedged portion to a fixed
   interest rate. At 31 December 2023, the fair value of the derivatives was measured at negative € 2.5
   million, which was recognized directly as a decrease in equity and as an increase in the liability item
   “Derivative instruments measured at fair value” (see Note 30). The loan for € 100.0 million consists
   of a Capex Line that can be used to fund specific investments, guaranteed for 18 months and yet to
   be used, with semi‐annual repayments on a straight‐line basis starting from October 2025 for the
   principal half and May 2028 for the remaining half.
   The loan includes covenants which, if not met, could lead to a request for immediate repayment of
   the loan.
   The financial covenants, measured quarterly, are the following:
   – the ratio of consolidated net financial position to consolidated EBITDA (determined for a period of
      twelve consecutive months) must be less than three;
   – the ratio of consolidated operating income to consolidated net financial expenses (determined for
      a period of twelve consecutive months) must be more than three.
   These parameters are being observed.
   From 2024 the loan includes ESG‐linked covenants. If respected, they will allow a reduction in the
   interest rate applied, or an increase if they are not reached.
b) Loan for € 50.0 million negotiated by the Parent Company in April 2023 with Cassa Depositi e Prestiti.
   The terms of the loan provide for a variable interest rate equal to the six month Euribor (with a zero
   floor) plus a variable spread, an interest payment every 6 months and a ten year term with semi‐
   annual repayments on a straight‐line basis starting from October 2025 for 70% of the principal and
   repayment in April 2033 for the remaining 30%. The disbursement took place on 18 May 2023.
   The loan includes covenants which, if not observed, could lead to a request for immediate
   repayment.
   The financial covenants, measured semi‐annually, are the following:




                                                                                                        130
                                                          CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2023




   – the ratio of consolidated net financial position to consolidated EBITDA (determined for a period of
     twelve consecutive months) must be less than three;
   – the ratio of consolidated operating income to consolidated net financial expenses (determined for
     a period of twelve consecutive months) must be more than three.
   These parameters are being observed.
c) Bond issued by the parent company on 12 September 2022 for € 75.0 million, placed privately and
   fully with companies in the Prudential group. The main terms provide for a fixed rate with interest
   payments every six months and a term of twelve years, with repayment of the principal in five annual
   instalments starting in September 2030 and expiring on 12 September 2034. The transaction, aimed
   at continuing to raise medium‐ to long‐term funds to further support the Group's growth, has
   facilitated access to favourable market conditions. It has standard market characteristics typical of
   the US private placement market and is substantially in line with the bond issued by the Parent
   Company in 2017.
   The loan includes covenants which, if not observed, could lead to a request for immediate
   repayment.
   The financial covenants, measured quarterly, are the following:
   – the ratio of consolidated net financial position to consolidated EBITDA (determined for a period of
      twelve consecutive months) must be less than three;
   – the ratio of consolidated operating income to consolidated net financial expenses (determined for
      a period of twelve consecutive months) must be more than three.
   These parameters are being observed.
d) Loan for a total of € 800 million negotiated by Recordati S.p.A. in two different stages during 2022,
   paid by a consortium of national and international lenders.
   The terms of the loan provide for a variable interest rate at the six month Euribor (with a zero floor)
   plus a variable spread based on a step up/step down mechanism on changes in the Leverage Ratio,
   and a five year term with semi‐annual repayment of the principal starting 31 March 2023, with the
   final instalment on 3 February 2027. The outstanding debt at 31 December 2023 amounted to € 690.0
   million. From July 2022, the loan was partially and progressively hedged with an interest rate swap,
   qualifying as a cash flow hedge, effectively converting the hedged portion to a fixed interest rate.
   The fair‐value measurement of derivative instruments as at 31 December 2023 was in some cases
   positive, for a total of € 3.4 million, which was posted as a direct increase of net equity and an
   increase to the asset item “Derivative instruments at fair value” (see Note 14), but in other cases was
   negative for a total of € 0.7 million, which was directly posted as a decrease in net equity and an
   increase to the liability item “Derivative instruments at fair value” (see Note 30).
   The loan includes covenants which, if not observed, could lead to a request for immediate
   repayment.
   The financial covenants, measured semi‐annually, are the following:
   – the ratio of consolidated net financial position to consolidated EBITDA (determined for a period of
      twelve consecutive months) must be less than three;
   – the ratio of consolidated operating income to consolidated net financial expenses (determined for
      a period of twelve consecutive months) must be more than three.
   These parameters are being observed.
e) Loan for 40.0 million Swiss francs taken out on 16 March 2022 by the subsidiary Recordati AG with
   UBS Switzerland AG, at a fixed interest rate, with quarterly interest payments and semi‐annual
   repayment of principal starting September 2022 through March 2025. The value in euro of the
   outstanding loan at 31 December 2023 was € 21.3 million.
   The loan, guaranteed by the Parent Company, includes covenants which, if not observed, could lead
   to a request for immediate repayment.
   The financial covenants, measured semi‐annually, are the following:



                                                                                                      131
                                                           CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2023




   – the ratio of consolidated net financial position to consolidated EBITDA (determined for a period of
     twelve consecutive months) must be less than three;
   – the ratio of consolidated operating income to consolidated net financial expenses (determined for
     a period of twelve consecutive months) must be more than three.
   These parameters are being observed.
f) € 180.0 million loan negotiated by the Parent Company in May 2021, provided by a consortium of
   national and international lenders led by Mediobanca. The main terms include a variable interest
   rate of the six month Euribor (with a zero floor) plus a fixed spread and a five year term and single
   instalment repayment on maturity. Disbursement, net of structuring and up‐front fees, took place
   on 21 May 2021.
   The loan includes covenants which, if not observed, could lead to a request for immediate
   repayment.
   The financial covenants, measured semi‐annually, are the following:
   – the ratio of consolidated net financial position to consolidated EBITDA (determined for a period of
      twelve consecutive months) must be less than three;
   – the ratio of consolidated operating income to consolidated net financial expenses (determined for
      a period of twelve consecutive months) must be more than three.
   These parameters are being observed.
g) Loan for € 40.0 million entered into by the Parent Company on 30 March 2021 with Allied Irish Bank
   at a variable interest rate of the six month Euribor (with floor to zero) plus a variable spread based
   on a step up/step down mechanism on changes in the Leverage Ratio, with six‐monthly interest
   payments and principal repayment, again on a semi‐annual basis, starting from March 2022 until
   March 2026. The debt outstanding recognized at 31 December 2023 amounted to a total of € 33.9
   million.
   The loan includes covenants which, if not observed, could lead to a request for immediate
   repayment.
   The financial covenants, measured semi‐annually, are the following:
   – the ratio of consolidated net financial position to consolidated EBITDA (determined for a period of
      twelve consecutive months) must be less than three;
   – the ratio of consolidated operating income to consolidated net financial expenses (determined for
      a period of twelve consecutive months) must be more than three.
   These parameters are being observed.
h) Loan for 75.0 million Swiss francs taken out on 17 April 2020 by the subsidiary Recordati AG with UBS
   Switzerland AG, at a variable interest rate of the three month Libor on the Swiss currency (with a
   zero floor) plus a fixed spread, with quarterly interest payments and semi‐annual repayment of
   principal starting September 2020 through March 2025. The value in euro of the outstanding loan at
   31 December 2023 was € 24.3 million.
   The loan, guaranteed by the Parent Company, includes covenants which, if not observed, could lead
   to a request for immediate repayment.
   The financial covenants, measured semi‐annually, are the following:
   – the ratio of consolidated net financial position to consolidated EBITDA (determined for a period of
      twelve consecutive months) must be less than three;
   – the ratio of consolidated operating income to consolidated net financial expenses (determined for
      a period of twelve consecutive months) must be more than three.
   These parameters are being observed.
i) Loan for € 400.0 million negotiated by the Parent Company in June 2019 aimed at supporting the
   Group's growth strategy. The loan, initially agreed with Mediobanca, Natixis and Unicredit was
   subsequently syndicated involving a pool of Italian and international banks. The terms of the loan
   provide for a variable interest rate at the six month Euribor (with a zero floor) plus a variable spread
   based on a step up/step down mechanism on changes in the Leverage Ratio, and a duration of five



                                                                                                       132
                                                            CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2023




   years with semi‐annual repayment of the principal starting 30 June 2020 through June 2024. The
   disbursement, net of upfront commissions, took place on 30 July 2019. The debt outstanding
   recognized at 31 December 2023 amounted to a total of € 127.6 million.
   The loan includes covenants which, if not observed, could lead to a request for immediate
   repayment.
   The financial covenants, measured semi‐annually, are the following:
   – the ratio of consolidated net financial position to consolidated EBITDA (determined for a period of
      twelve consecutive months) must be less than three;
   – the ratio of consolidated operating income to consolidated net financial expenses (determined for
      a period of twelve consecutive months) must be more than three.
   These parameters are being observed.
j) Privately placed guaranteed senior notes by the Parent Company in May 2017 for an overall amount
   of € 125.0 million at a fixed interest rate with repayment in annual instalments starting on 31 May
   2025 through 31 May 2032.
   The bonded loan includes covenants which, if not met, could lead to a request for immediate
   repayment of the loan.
   The financial covenants, measured quarterly, are the following:
   – the ratio of consolidated net financial position to consolidated EBITDA (determined for a period of
      twelve consecutive months) must be less than three;
   – the ratio of consolidated operating income to consolidated net financial expenses (determined for
      a period of twelve consecutive months) must be more than three.
   These parameters are being observed.
k) Guaranteed senior notes issued by the Parent Company on 30 September 2014 for a total of US$ 75
   million, divided into two tranches: US$ 50 million at fixed rate, repayable semi‐annually starting 30
   March 2022 and with maturity 30 September 2026, and US$ 25 million again at fixed rate, repayable
   semi‐annually starting 30 March 2023 and with maturity 30 September 2029. During the period, US$
   10.0 million of the first tranche and US$ 3.6 million of the second tranche were repaid, and the
   outstanding debt at 31 December 2023 amounted to a total of US$ 51.4 million, with a counter‐value
   of € 46.5 million.
   The loan was hedged at the same time with two cross‐currency swaps which provide for the
   conversion of the original debt into a total of € 56.0 million (€ 38.4 million at 31 December 2023), of
   which € 37.3 million (€ 22.4 at the date of this report) at a lower fixed rate for the tranche with
   maturity at 12 years and € 18.7 million (€ 16.0 million at the date of this report) again at a lower fixed
   rate than the one maturing at 15 years. At 31 December 2023, hedging instruments measured at fair
   value were positive for a total of € 7.7 million, which was recognized directly as an increase in equity
   and as an increase in the asset item “Derivative instruments measured at fair value” (see Note 14).
   The bonded loan includes covenants which, if not met, could lead to a request for immediate
   repayment of the loan.
   The financial covenants, measured quarterly, are the following:
   – the ratio of consolidated net financial position to consolidated EBITDA (determined for a period of
      twelve consecutive months) must be less than three;
   – the ratio of consolidated operating income to consolidated net financial expenses (determined for
      a period of twelve consecutive months) must be more than three.
   These parameters are being observed.




                                                                                                         133
                                                              CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2023




23. PROVISIONS FOR EMPLOYEE BENEFITS
   The balance at 31 December 2023 amounted to € 21.2 million (€ 19.4 million at 31 December 2022) and
   reflects the Group’s liability towards its employees determined in accordance with IAS 19.
   The changes in these provision were follows:

   € (thousands)                                                                      2023              2022

   Balance at 1 January                                                             19,418            21,010
   Additions                                                                         2,363             2,758
   Utilizations                                                                     (2,143)           (2,660)
   Adjustment for actuarial (gains)/losses                                           1,601            (1,690)
   Balance at 31 December                                                           21,239            19,418

   This liability is mainly due to the severance indemnities (TFR, Trattamento Fine Rapporto) in the Italian
   companies. The value of these provisions, measured in accordance with IAS 19, amounted to € 5.0
   million. The other liabilities are mainly due to contribution plans in being in the French company
   Laboratoires Bouchara Recordati (€ 4.6 million), in the U.S. company Recordati Rare Diseases (€ 3.2
   million), in the German company Recordati Pharma (€ 1.5 million), in the Swiss company Recordati AG
   (€ 3.5 million) and in the other Recordati Rare Diseases companies (€ 2.4 million). The fair value
   calculation made using actuarial assumptions updated to 31 December 2023 determined an increase of
   € 1.6 million compared to the value of the provisions at 31 December 2022 which is recognized in the
   statement of comprehensive income, net of the tax effect, as prescribed by the relevant accounting
   standard.


24. DEFERRED TAX LIABILITIES
   At 31 December 2023, deferred tax liabilities amounted to € 144.2 million, down by € 23.7 million
   compared to 31 December 2022.
   Their changes are shown in the table below:

   € (thousands)                                                                       2023              2022

   Balance at 1 January                                                             167,865            26,675
   Additions                                                                          4,074            11,649
   Utilizations                                                                     (22,357)          (13,920)
   Reclassifications                                                                 (5,374)                    ‐
   Change to scope of consolidation                                                           ‐       143,461
   Balance at 31 December                                                           144,208           167,865

   The decrease is mainly determined by the recognition of the profit effects for the year from the
   reduction in deferred tax liabilities originally calculated on the higher measurements of intangible assets
   and inventories from EUSA Pharma, which were recognised as part of the allocation of the price paid for
   the acquisition.
   The reclassifications refer to the figures for 31 December 2022 which were moved to Deferred tax assets,
   following the change of net balance for some of the companies at the 2023 year‐end.




                                                                                                          134
                                                             CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2023




   At 31 December 2023 no deferred tax liabilities were calculated on subsidiaries’ undistributed profits
   as, considering the current dividend policy applied by the Group and thanks to the substantial exemption
   from double income taxation, no significant additional tax would have to be paid by the Group.
   The tax effect of comprehensive income statement components is € 0.5 million (€ 2.4 million at 31
   December 2022).


25. TRADE PAYABLES
   Trade payables, which are entirely of a commercial nature and include end‐of‐year provisions for
   invoices to be received, at 31 December 2023 and 2022 amounted to € 264.0 million and € 224.7 million
   respectively.


26. OTHER PAYABLES
   At 31 December 2023, the Other liabilities amounted to € 174.4 million (€ 251.1 million at 31 December
   2022). The decrease is mainly due to the payment of € 70 million to Tolmar International Ltd, made to
   fulfil contractual obligations following the approval of the change to the new Eligard® syringe system
   and the payments of the remaining 20 million US dollars following the reaching of contractual milestones
   in relation to the acquisition of rights to Isturisa®.
   A breakdown is provided in the table below:

   € (thousands)                                             31/12/2023        31/12/2022           Changes
                                                                                                  2023/2022
   Personnel                                                      65,355            64,921              434
   Social security                                                21,966            18,039             3,927
   Agents                                                            235               433             (198)
   Other                                                          86,849          167,743           (80,894)
   Total other payables                                         174,405           251,136           (76,731)

   The item “Other” mainly includes:
    the payable of € 61.8 million owed by the Group companies to national health insurers, of which:
     – € 27.7 million are owed by Recordati Rare Diseases Inc.;
     – € 13.98 million are owed by Recordati Pharma GmbH to the “Krankenkassen” (German health
        insurers);
     – a total of € 20.3 million are due from the Italian companies and subsidiaries in Greece, France,
        Switzerland, Canada and Ireland;
    The payable of € 3.7 million related to the acquisition of a further 10% of the capital of Opalia Pharma
     reclassified among current liabilities on the basis of the put and call options provided for
     contractually. The fair value of this purchase option is measured at level 2 as the valuation model
     considers the present value of the expected payments.


27. TAX LIABILITIES
   Tax liabilities at 31 December 2023 amounted to € 67.1 million (€ 33.6 million at 31 December 2022)
   and include mainly tax payables, net of advances already paid, computed by the companies on the basis
   of estimated taxable income, and withholding taxes payable.




                                                                                                         135
                                                              CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2023




28. OTHER CURRENT LIABILITIES
   At 31 December 2023, other current liabilities amounted to € 5.3 million, down by € 0.4 million
   compared to 31 December 2022. An amount of € 2.9 million is attributable to the adoption of the IFRS
   15 accounting principle, based on which some deferred revenue is recognized in the income statement
   in variable instalments based on the fulfilment of the conditions for revenue recognition.


29. PROVISIONS FOR RISKS AND CHARGES
   Provisions for risks and charges set aside at 31 December 2023 amounted to € 16.6 million and include
   tax provisions and other provisions for future contingencies to cover liabilities of uncertain timing and
   value. The following tables show their composition and changes.

   € (thousands)                                           31/12/2023          31/12/2022 Changes 2023/2022

   For taxes                                                       525                 531         (6)
   Future contingencies                                         16,071              15,678                  393
   Total other provisions                                       16,596              16,209                  387

   € (thousands)                                                                     2023                  2022

   Balance at 1 January                                                            16,209                21,396
   Additions                                                                        2,635                 2,866
   Change to scope of consolidation                                                      ‐                  284
   Utilizations                                                                    (2,248)               (8,337)
   Balance at 31 December                                                          16,596                16,209

   The year‐end balance is mainly related to the Parent Company and to the other Italian companies (€ 6.8
   million), to the companies in France (€ 2.5 million) and in Germany (€ 2.4 million), the Spanish company
   Casen Recordati (€ 2.2 million) and Jaba Recordati in Portugal (€ 0.8 million).
   The various risks include provisions for restructuring costs, returned products, legal disputes and others.
   Despite the uncertainty surrounding the ongoing disputes and litigation, the provisions set aside are
   considered the best estimate of these liabilities, based on the information available on the reporting
   date.


30. DERIVATIVE INSTRUMENTS MEASURED AT FAIR VALUE
    (included in current liabilities)
   At 31 December 2023 the value of derivative instruments included under this item amounted to € 20.0
   million.
   In October 2019, Recordati S.p.A. entered into forward exchange contracts to hedge the intercompany
   loan granted to Recordati AG for an amount of 228.9 million Swiss francs. The measurement of the
   derivative at 31 December 2023 on the outstanding loan of 73.3 million Swiss francs was a negative for
   € 12.9 million compared to the € 14.4 million at 31 December 2022, with the difference recognized in
   the income statement, offsetting the exchange losses determined by the valuation of the underlying
   loan at current exchange rates.
   The measurement at market (fair) value at 31 December 2023 of the interest rate swaps hedging a
   number of loans gave rise to a total liability of € 3.2 million, which represents the unrealized need to pay



                                                                                                             136
                                                             CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2023




  in future the variable interest rates currently expected, instead of the agreed rates for the duration of
  the loans. The amount is related to the interest rate swaps taken out by the Parent Company to hedge
  the interest rates on the loans agreed with the lending consortium in 2023 (€ 2.5 million) and in 2022 (€
  0.7 million).
  At 31 December 2023, other hedging transactions were in place on foreign currency positions, the
  measurement of which was negative for € 3.9 million compared to the € 3.0 million at 31 December
  2022, with the difference recognized to the income statement and offsetting the exchange gains arising
  from the valuation of the underlying positions at current exchange rates.
  The fair value of these hedging derivatives is measured at level 2 of the hierarchy provided for in the
  accounting standard IFRS 13 (see note 2). The fair value is equal to the current value of the estimated
  future cash flows. Estimates of future floating‐rate cash flows are based on quoted swap rates futures
  prices and interbank borrowing rates. Estimated cash flows are discounted using a yield curve which
  reflects the relevant benchmark interbank rate used by market participants for pricing interest rate
  swaps.


31. SHORT-TERM DEBTS TO BANKS AND OTHER LENDERS
  Short‐term debts to banks and other lenders at 31 December 2023 were € 99.9 million and mainly
  comprise temporary use of short‐term credit lines by the parent company, as well overdrafts of a
  number of foreign associates and interest due on existing loans.
  On 1 March 2023, the Parent Company renewed the revolving credit line with UniCredit, with a
  maximum term of 12 months and for a maximum amount of € 40 million. This credit line, which had
  been entirely used at 31 December 2023, is a short‐term financing instrument providing financial
  flexibility, combining irrevocability with variability of use based on specific financial requirements. The
  agreement signed requires compliance with financial and income conditions similar to those for other
  existing loans. These conditions were met.




                                                                                                         137
                                                                  CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2023




32. FAIR VALUE OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
   As prescribed by IFRS 7, the book values and fair values at 31 December 2023 of financial assets and
   liabilities are resented below:
   € (thousands)                                                                   Book value        Fair value

   Financial assets
   Financial assets measured at fair value
   Other equity investments and securities                                            21,555            21,555
   Derivative instruments measured at fair value                                      11,079            11,079
   Financial assets not measured at fair value
   Cash and cash equivalents                                                         221,812           221,812
   Trade receivables                                                                 445,193           445,193
   Other receivables                                                                  99,401            99,401

   Financial liabilities
   Financial liabilities measured at fair value
   Derivative instruments measured at fair value                                      19,993            19,993
   Other payables                                                                       3,680              3,680
   Financial liabilities not measured at fair value
   Loans
   ‐at variable interest rates                                                       840,047           840,047
   ‐ at variable interest rates hedged with interest rate swaps                      563,436           563,436
   ‐ at fixed interest rates                                                         221,155           210,823
   ‐ at fixed interest rates hedged with cross currency swaps                         46,444            45,745
   ‐ lease liabilities                                                                37,886            37,886
   Trade payables                                                                    263,979           263,979
   Other payables                                                                    237,837           237,837
   Short‐term debts to banks and other lenders                                        99,932            99,932



33. DISCLOSURE OF FINANCIAL RISKS
   The Group constantly monitors the financial risks to which it is exposed in order to take immediate
   mitigating actions when necessary.
   The Group aims at achieving a balanced and prudent financial structure as a basic condition for funding
   internal and external growth, minimizing financing costs and maximizing yields. Speculative investments
   in equities, funds or financial assets which could impair the value of the company are forbidden.
   The only financial investments permitted are investments in risk‐free assets and/or funds issued by
   major financial institutions.
   The Group monitors the financial risks to which it is exposed in order to take immediate mitigating
   actions, whenever necessary, in compliance with the applicable legislations and regulations.
   All companies belonging to the Group work only with investment grade banks.
   On the basis of the above and considering that the related effects would be insignificant, no sensitivity
   analysis has been performed.
   As prescribed by IFRS 7, the main financial risks to which the Group is exposed are disclosed below.
   Credit risk ‐ The Group closely controls its credit exposure through the allocation of credit limits to each
   single customer and an internal reporting system. At 31 December 2023, the credit exposure was not



                                                                                                            138
                                                            CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2023




critical due to the large number of customers, their geographic distribution and the average amount of
each account receivable. In particular, at 31 December 2023, total trade receivables of € 460.8 million
included € 34.9 million in receivables past due by more than 90 days. Of these, € 11.3 million are
receivables from public hospitals which, despite their long collection times, do not represent a
significant risk situation. The provisions for doubtful accounts of € 15.7 million are considered sufficient
to cover potential losses due to insolvency. The measurement of credit risk also took into account the
potential impact of the Ukraine conflict.
Interest rate risk ‐ The Group raises funds using debt and invests excess cash in money market and other
financial instruments. The fluctuation of market interest rates influences the cost and returns of the
debt and investment instruments, therefore affecting the Group’s net financial expenses.
The Group’s policy is to limit the risk arising from interest rate fluctuations by establishing fixed interest
loans or variable interest loans hedged by derivative financial instruments, which are used to hedge risk
and are never of a speculative nature, to minimize such fluctuations, as described in Note 22. As a result
of this policy and considering the current amount of net debt, it is believed that changes in current
interest rates would not have a significant impact on net financial expenses.
Foreign currency risk ‐ The Group is exposed to foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations, which can
affect its operating results and the value of its equity. All companies are subject to exchange rate
fluctuations affecting trade and financial balances denominated in currencies different from their own.
In order to limit this risk, in some cases, non‐speculative hedging instruments are negotiated.
In relation to the euro companies, at 31 December 2023 the main net exposures in other currencies not
hedged by derivative instruments, were as follows:
 net receivables of 34.3 million Brazilian reals;
 net receivables of 18.2 million Polish zloty;
 net receivables of 2.6 million British pounds;
 net receivables of 13.0 million Rumanian RON;
 net debts of 1,833.6 million Russian roubles;
 net debts of 4.4 million Swiss francs;
 net debts of 4.8 million US dollars.
Among the non‐euro companies, at 31 December 2023, the main net exposures in currencies other than
the company’s national currency and not hedged by derivative instruments are in euro, US dollars and
Japanese yen. The net exposures in euro are mainly related to the companies based in Switzerland (net
payables of 9.7 million), the United States (net payables of 7.3 million), Japan (net payables of 2.4
million), Türkiye (net payables of 2.2 million), Australia (net payables of 1.8 million), Canada (net
payables of 1.5 million), Brazil (net payables of 1.1 million), the Czech Republic (net receivables of 4.1
million) and Poland (net receivables of 2.5 million). Net exposures in U.S. dollars refer mainly to the
companies in Japan (net payables of 5.5 million), Brazil (net payables of 5.2 million) and Colombia (net
payables of 2.2 million). Exposure in Japanese yen refers to the companies in Switzerland (net
receivables of 904.2 million).
For consolidation purposes, the income statements and balance sheets of the non‐euro companies have
been converted from their local currencies into euro. At 31 December 2023, the net asset values of these
companies, excluding goodwill, are denominated mainly in U.S. dollars (422.9 million), pounds sterling
(15.1 million), Swiss francs (379.3 million), Turkish lira (2,051.1 million), Czech crowns (470.9 million),
Romanian ron (56.2 million), Russian roubles (7,601.8 million), Polish zloty (80.3 million) and Tunisian
dinars (100.3 million). The effect of exchange rate variations on the conversion of these amounts is
recognized in the consolidated statement of comprehensive income and booked to the translation
reserve in shareholders’ equity which, at 31 December 2023, was a negative € 264.7 million.



                                                                                                          139
                                                             CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2023




  Liquidity risk ‐ The liquidity risk to which the Group may be exposed is represented by the inability to
  raise sufficient financial resources for its ongoing business and for the development of its industrial and
  commercial activities. The two main factors which determine the Group’s liquidity are, on the one hand,
  the cash generated or absorbed by operations and by investments, and on the other, the expiry and
  renewal terms of debt or the degree of liquidity of financial investments and market conditions. At 31
  December 2023, the Group has at its disposal liquidity readily available for its operations and plentiful
  lines of credit granted by a number of leading Italian and international financial institutions. The terms
  and conditions of the Group’s loans and its financial assets are set out in Notes 18, 22 and 31 which
  address, respectively, short‐term financial investments, cash and cash equivalents, medium/long‐term
  loans and payables to banks. The Group believes that the funds and credit lines currently available, in
  addition to those generated by operations and financing activities, are sufficient to meet investment
  needs, working capital requirements and the repayment of debts at their natural due dates.


34. OPERATING SEGMENTS
  The financial information reported by line of business and geographic area, in compliance with IFRS 8 –
  Operating Segments, is prepared using the same accounting principles used for the preparation and
  disclosure of the Group’s consolidated financial statements.
  Based on the characteristics of their business, operational and strategic models two main business
  segments can be identified, the Specialty and Primary Care segment and the segment dedicated to
  treatments for rare diseases.
  The identification took into account the different management and marketing strategies applied to the
  products belonging to the two segments. Consequently, clearly identified and separate models and
  organizational structures have been developed. All economic and financial data derive from precise
  accounting and not from generic allocation criteria.
  The geographic footprint of the Group’s Specialty & Primary Care business is focused mainly on Europe.
  The Group operates in the main European markets, including Central and Eastern Europe, Russia and
  the other C.I.S. countries, Ukraine, Turkey and Tunisia, where it has established its own subsidiaries. In
  the rest of the world sales of Specialty and Primary Care products are carried out mainly through
  licensing agreements with pharmaceutical companies of high standing. The Group has gradually
  extended its international presence through the acquisition of existing marketing organizations with the
  aim of adding our proprietary products and those obtained under multi‐territorial licenses to the local
  portfolios.
  The Group’s segment dedicated to treatments for rare diseases is a worldwide business. The Group
  operates through Recordati Rare Diseases, its dedicated group of subsidiaries, sharing the conviction
  that each person with a rare disease has the right to the best possible treatment. Our organizations work
  closely with specialists, health care professionals, patients, their families and associations to spread
  knowledge, improve diagnosis and treatment, and enable access to treatment by supporting patients.
  Recordati Rare Diseases operates directly in Europe, the Middle East, North Africa, the U.S.A., Canada,
  Mexico, Brazil, Colombia, Japan, Australia, New Zealand, China and South Korea, through its subsidiaries
  and highly qualified distributors in the rest of the world.
  The Group’s CEO, together with the segment managers, reviews the internal management reports for
  each segment at least quarterly.
  The two following tables show financial information for these two business segments as at 31 December
  2023 and include comparative data.




                                                                                                         140
                                                                             CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2023




€ (thousands)                                            Specialty            Rare diseases              Values not        Consolidated
                                                   & Primary Care*                 segment                allocated            financial
                                                                                                                            statements
2023
Revenue                                                    1,367,611                 714,720                          ‐        2,082,331
Expenses                                                   (979,374)               (544,949)                          ‐      (1,524,323)
Operating income                                             388,237                 169,771                          -          558,008

2022
Revenue                                                    1,257,522                 595,785                          ‐        1,853,307
Expenses                                                   (945,720)               (470,261)                          ‐      (1,415,981)
Operating income                                             311,802                 125,524                          -          437,326
* Includes pharmaceutical chemical operations.



€ (thousands)                                          Specialty &           Rare diseases              Values not         Consolidated
                                                      Primary Care                segment              allocated**             financial
                                                         segment*                                                           statements

31 December 2023
Non‐current assets                                        1,537,393               1,446,943                  21,555            3,005,891
Inventories                                                 260,945                 143,886                          ‐           404,831
Trade receivables                                           285,246                 159,947                          ‐           445,193
Other receivables and other current
assets                                                        74,802                 44,523                  11,079              130,404
Cash and cash equivalents                                            ‐                       ‐              221,812              221,812
Total assets                                              2,158,386               1,795,299                 254,446            4,208,131
Non‐current liabilities                                       38,454                126,994              1,353,215             1,518,663
Current liabilities                                         308,550                 218,849                 475,677            1,003,076
Total liabilities                                           347,004                 345,843              1,828,892             2,521,739
Net capital employed                                      1,811,382               1,449,456

31 December 2022
Non‐current assets                                        1,326,238               1,470,097                  28,871            2,825,206
Inventories                                                 229,031                 195,049                          ‐           424,080
Trade receivables                                           226,656                 135,242                          ‐           361,898
Other receivables and other current
assets                                                        47,435                  31,867                 23,603              102,905
Cash and cash equivalents                                            ‐                       ‐              284,734              284,734
Total assets                                              1,829,360               1,832,255                 337,208            3,998,823
Non‐current liabilities                                       45,941                141,342              1,341,549             1,528,832
Current liabilities                                         352,475                 178,928                 392,340              923,743
Total liabilities                                           398,416                 320,270              1,733,889             2,452,575
Net capital employed                                      1,430,944               1,511,985
*Includes pharmaceutical chemical operations.
**Amounts not allocated refer to the items other equity investments and securities, cash and cash equivalents, loans, derivative instruments
and short‐term debts to banks and other lenders.




                                                                                                                                       141
                                                                                 CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2023




   The pharmaceutical chemical business is considered part of the Specialty & Primary Care segment as it
   is mainly engaged in the production of active ingredients for finished pharmaceutical products, both
   from a strategic and organizational point of view.
   No single customer contributed more than 10% to revenue in 2023 or in 2022.
   The following table shows net revenue by geographic area:

   € (thousands)                                                                     2023                         2022 Changes 2023/2022

   Europe                                                                      1,492,071                 1,361,456               130,615
       of which Italy                                                            317,144                   277,322                39,822
   Australasia                                                                   139,881                   114,944                24,937
   America                                                                       394,861                   323,503                71,358
   Africa                                                                          55,518                    53,404                2,114
   Total                                                                       2,082,331                 1,853,307               229,024

   The Group’s production facilities are located almost exclusively in Europe, and therefore non‐current
   assets and investments are, for the most part, in this geographic area.


35. NET FINANCIAL POSITION
   The following table summarizes the Group’s net financial position: This situation is in line with the
   CONSOB call for attention 5/21 of 29 April 2021, in compliance with “Guidelines on disclosure
   requirements pursuant to the Prospectus Regulations”, published by ESMA on 4 March 2021 in the
   document “ESMA32‐382‐1138”.

   € (thousands)                                                                   31/12/2023             31/12/2022            Changes
                                                                                                                              2023/2022
   Deposits in bank current accounts and cash on hand                                   195,004                   162,636         32,368
   Short‐term time deposits                                                               26,808                  122,098       (95,290)
   Cash and cash equivalents                                                            221,812                   284,734       (62,922)

   Short‐term debts to banks and other lenders                                          (99,932)                  (83,425)      (16,507)
   Loans ‐ due within one year                                                        (333,222)              (269,586)          (63,636)
                   (1)
   Notes issued                                                                         (10,226)                  (10,224)           (2)
   Leasing liabilities – due within one year                                            (10,249)                   (9,237)       (1,012)
   Short-term borrowings                                                              (453,629)              (372,472)          (81,157)

   Short-term financial position                                                      (231,817)                   (87,738)     (144,079)
   Loans ‐ due after one year                                                       (1,091,727)            (1,072,229)          (19,498)
                  (1)
   Notes issued                                                                       (228,243)              (238,371)            10,128
   Leasing liabilities – due after one year                                             (27,637)                  (21,571)       (6,066)
   Non-current financial debt                                                       (1,347,607)            (1,332,171)          (15,436)

   Net financial position                                                           (1,579,424)            (1,419,909)         (159,515)
   (3) Includes the fair value measurement of the relative currency risk hedging instruments (cash flow hedge).




                                                                                                                                    142
                                                              CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2023




36. RECONCILIATION BETWEEN THE PARENT COMPANY’S SHAREHOLDERS’
    EQUITY AND NET INCOME AND GROUP CONSOLIDATED SHAREHOLDERS’
    EQUITY AND NET INCOME
   The reconciliation between the Parent Company’s shareholders’ equity and net income and the group
   consolidated shareholders’ equity and net income is as follows:
   € (thousands)                                        Shareholders’ equity              Net income
                                                       31/12/2023 31/12/2022              2023            2022
   Recordati S.p.A.                                       352,782        362,988       224,017         219,233
   Consolidation adjustments:
   ‐ Elimination margins in inventories                   (78,677)      (84,561)         5,884         (11,893)
   ‐ Related tax effect                                    22,614         24,120        (1,506)          3,675
   ‐ Other adjustments                                    (32,082)      (24,974)        (6,004)         (5,494)
   Retained earnings of consolidated subsidiaries at    1,321,387      1,201,902              ‐               ‐
   beginning of the year, net of amounts already
   recognized by Recordati S.p.A.
   Net income for consolidated subsidiaries, net of       365,068        271,791       365,068         271,791
   amounts already recognized by Recordati S.p.A.
   Dividends received from consolidated subsidiaries                                  (198,245)     (164,976)
   Write‐down of holdings in subsidiaries                                                     0              0
   Translation adjustments                               (264,700)     (205,018)              ‐               ‐
   Consolidated financial statements                    1,686,392      1,546,248       389,214         312,336



37. LITIGATION AND CONTINGENT LIABILITIES
   The Parent Company and some subsidiaries are parties to minor legal actions and disputes, the
   outcomes of which are not expected to result in any liability. The potential liabilities that can currently
   be measured are not for significant amounts. Some license agreements require the payment of future
   milestones as certain conditions—whose fulfillment is as yet uncertain—occur, with the consequence
   that the contractually required payments, estimated at around € 40 million, are merely potential at the
   moment.


38. RELATED-PARTY TRANSACTIONS
   The Group’s direct parent is Rossini S.à r.l., with headquarters in Luxembourg, which is owned by a
   consortium of investment funds controlled by CVC Capital Partners.
   In compliance with the disclosure obligations required by Article 38 of Italian Legislative Decree 127/91,
   it is hereby specified that the overall compensation of the Directors and Statutory Auditors of the Parent
   Company for the performance of their specific functions, including those in other Group companies,
   during 2023 amounted to € 2.5 million and € 0.2 million respectively.




                                                                                                           143
                                                               CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2023




  Key management personnel compensation comprised the following:

  € (thousands)                                                                          2023               2022

  Fixed remuneration                                                                    4,161              4,517
  Non‐monetary benefits                                                                   263                156
  Bonuses and other incentives                                                          2,942              2,456
  Share‐based payments                                                                  1,749              1,183
  Total                                                                                 9,115              8,312

  Compensation of the Group’s key management personnel includes salaries and non‐cash benefits. The
  executive officers also participate in the Group’s stock option and performance share plans.
  Except for what is stated above, to our knowledge, no transactions or contracts have been entered into
  with related parties that can be considered significant in terms of value or conditions, or which could in
  any way materially affect the accounts.


39. SUBSEQUENT EVENTS
  At the date of preparation of the financial statements, no significant events had occurred subsequent
  to the closing of the fiscal year that would require changes to the values of assets, liabilities or the profit
  and loss.
  Except for the above, no significant events occurred subsequent to the reporting date.




                                                                                                             144
                                                                CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2023




40. SUBSIDIARIES INCLUDED IN THE CONSOLIDATED ACCOUNTS
    AT 31 DECEMBER 2023

Consolidated companies                                  Head office            Share    Currency   Consolidation
                                                                              capital                   method

RECORDATI S.p.A.                                               Italy    26,140,644.50       EUR      Line‐by‐line
Development, production, marketing and sales of
pharmaceuticals and pharmaceutical chemicals
INNOVA PHARMA S.p.A.                                           Italy     1,920,000.00       EUR      Line‐by‐line
Marketing of pharmaceuticals
CASEN RECORDATI S.L.                                          Spain    238,966,000.00       EUR      Line‐by‐line
Development, production, and sales of pharmaceuticals
BOUCHARA RECORDATI S.A.S.                                   France       4,600,000.00       EUR      Line‐by‐line
Development, production, and sales of pharmaceuticals
RECORDATI RARE DISEASES COMERCIO DE MEDICAMENTOS LTDA         Brazil          166.00        BRL      Line‐by‐line
Marketing of pharmaceuticals
RECORDATI RARE DISEASES INC.                                 U.S.A.     11,979,138.00       USD      Line‐by‐line
Development, production, and sales of pharmaceuticals
RECORDATI IRELAND LTD                                       Ireland       200,000.00        EUR      Line‐by‐line
Development, production, and sales of pharmaceuticals
LABORATOIRES BOUCHARA RECORDATI S.A.S.                      France      14,000,000.00       EUR      Line‐by‐line
Development, production, and sales of pharmaceuticals
RECORDATI PHARMA GmbH                                     Germany         600,000.00        EUR      Line‐by‐line
Marketing of pharmaceuticals
RECORDATI PHARMACEUTICALS LTD                               United      15,000,000.00       GBP      Line‐by‐line
Marketing of pharmaceuticals                              Kingdom
RECORDATI HELLAS PHARMACEUTICALS S.A.                       Greece      10,050,000.00       EUR      Line‐by‐line
Marketing of pharmaceuticals
JABA RECORDATI S.A.                                        Portugal      2,000,000.00       EUR      Line‐by‐line
Marketing of pharmaceuticals
JABAFARMA PRODUTOS FARMACÊUTICOS S.A.                      Portugal         50,000.00       EUR      Line‐by‐line
Promotion of pharmaceuticals
BONAFARMA PRODUTOS FARMACÊUTICOS S.A.                      Portugal         50,000.00       EUR      Line‐by‐line
Promotion of pharmaceuticals
RECORDATI RARE DISEASES MIDDLE EAST FZ LLC              United Arab       100,000.00        AED      Line‐by‐line
Marketing of pharmaceuticals                               Emirates
RECORDATI AB                                               Sweden         100,000.00        SEK      Line‐by‐line
Marketing of pharmaceuticals
RECORDATI RARE DISEASES S.à r.l.                            France        419,804.00        EUR      Line‐by‐line
Development, production, and sales of pharmaceuticals
RECORDATI RARE DISEASES UK Limited                          United          50,000.00       GBP      Line‐by‐line
Marketing of pharmaceuticals                              Kingdom
RECORDATI RARE DISEASES GERMANY GmbH                      Germany           25,600.00       EUR      Line‐by‐line
Marketing of pharmaceuticals
RECORDATI RARE DISEASES SPAIN S.L.                            Spain      1,775,065.49       EUR      Line‐by‐line
Marketing of pharmaceuticals
RECORDATI RARE DISEASES ITALY S.R.L.                           Italy        40,000.00       EUR      Line‐by‐line
Marketing of pharmaceuticals
RECORDATI BV                                               Belgium          18,600.00       EUR      Line‐by‐line
Marketing of pharmaceuticals




                                                                                                            145
                                                                      CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2023




Consolidated companies                                         Head office           Share    Currency   Consolidation
                                                                                    capital                   method

FIC MEDICAL S.à r.l.                                               France       173,700.00        EUR      Line‐by‐line
Promotion of pharmaceuticals
HERBACOS RECORDATI s.r.o.                                          Czech      25,600,000.00       CZK      Line‐by‐line
Development, production, and sales of pharmaceuticals            Republic
RECORDATI SK s.r.o.                                                Slovak         33,193.92       EUR      Line‐by‐line
Marketing of pharmaceuticals                                     Republic
RUSFIC LLC                                                        Russian      3,560,000.00       RUB      Line‐by‐line
Development, promotion, and sales of pharmaceutical products   Federation
RECOFARMA ILAÇ Ve Hammaddeleri Sanayi Ve Ticaret L.Ş.              Türkiye     8,000,000.00       TRY      Line‐by‐line
Promotion of pharmaceuticals
RECORDATI ROMÂNIA S.R.L.                                         Romania       5,000,000.00      RON       Line‐by‐line
Marketing of pharmaceuticals
RECORDATI İLAÇ Sanayi Ve Ticaret A.Ş.                              Türkiye   180,000,000.00       TRY      Line‐by‐line
Development, production, and sales of pharmaceuticals
RECORDATI POLSKA Sp. z o.o.                                        Poland      4,500,000.00       PLN      Line‐by‐line
Marketing of pharmaceuticals
ACCENT LLC                                                        Russian         20,000.00       RUB      Line‐by‐line
Holds pharmaceutical marketing rights                          Federation
RECORDATI UKRAINE LLC                                             Ukraine      1,031,896.30       UAH      Line‐by‐line
Marketing of pharmaceuticals
CASEN RECORDATI PORTUGAL Unipessoal Lda                           Portugal      100,000.00        EUR      Line‐by‐line
Marketing of pharmaceuticals
OPALIA PHARMA S.A.                                                 Tunisia     9,656,000.00       TND      Line‐by‐line
Development, production, and sales of pharmaceuticals
OPALIA RECORDATI S.à r.l.                                          Tunisia        20,000.00       TND      Line‐by‐line
Promotion of pharmaceuticals
RECORDATI RARE DISEASES S.A. DE C.V.                               Mexico     16,250,000.00      MXN       Line‐by‐line
Marketing of pharmaceuticals
RECORDATI RARE DISEASES COLOMBIA S.A.S.                          Colombia    150,000,000.00       COP      Line‐by‐line
Marketing of pharmaceuticals
ITALCHIMICI S.p.A.                                                   Italy     7,646,000.00       EUR      Line‐by‐line
Marketing of pharmaceuticals
RECORDATI AG                                                   Switzerland    15,000,000.00       CHF      Line‐by‐line
Marketing of pharmaceuticals
RECORDATI AUSTRIA GmbH                                             Austria        35,000.00       EUR      Line‐by‐line
Marketing of pharmaceuticals
RECORDATI RARE DISEASES CANADA Inc.                               Canada        350,000.00        CAD      Line‐by‐line
Marketing of pharmaceuticals
RECORDATI RARE DISEASES JAPAN K.K.                                  Japan     90,000,000.00        JPY     Line‐by‐line
Marketing of pharmaceuticals
NATURAL POINT S.r.l.                                                 Italy        10,400.00       EUR      Line‐by‐line
Marketing of pharmaceuticals
RECORDATI RARE DISEASES AUSTRALIA Pty Ltd                        Australia      200,000.00        AUD      Line‐by‐line
Marketing of pharmaceuticals
TONIPHARM S.a.s.                                                   France       257,700.00        EUR      Line‐by‐line
Marketing of pharmaceuticals
RECORDATI BULGARIA Ltd                                            Bulgaria        50,000.00       BGN      Line‐by‐line
Marketing of pharmaceuticals




                                                                                                                  146
                                                     CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2023




Consolidated companies                        Head office           Share    Currency   Consolidation
                                                                   capital                   method

RECORDATI (BEIJING) PHARMACEUTICAL CO., Ltd     People’s      1,000,000.00       EUR      Line‐by‐line
Promotion of pharmaceuticals                  Republic of
                                                  China
RECORDATI RARE DISEASES FZCO(1)               United Arab         1,000.00       AED      Line‐by‐line
Marketing of pharmaceuticals                     Emirates
EUSA Pharma (UK) Limited(2)                        United           10.00        EUR      Line‐by‐line
Research and marketing of pharmaceuticals        Kingdom
RECORDATI Netherlands B.V. (2)                Netherlands             1.00       EUR      Line‐by‐line
Marketing of pharmaceuticals
EUSA Pharma (Denmark) ApS (2)                   Denmark          50,000.00       EUR      Line‐by‐line
Marketing of pharmaceuticals
EUSA Pharma (CH) GmbH(2)                      Switzerland        20,000.00       CHF      Line‐by‐line
Marketing of pharmaceuticals
RECORDATI KOREA, Co. Ltd(2)                   South Korea   100,000,000.00      KRW       Line‐by‐line
Marketing of pharmaceuticals

(1) Set up in 2022
(2) Acquired in 2022




                                                                                                 147
                                                                                     CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2023




PERCENTAGE OF OWNERSHIP
Consolidated companies                  Recordati    Recordati Bouchara   Casen Recordati     Herbacos Recordati     Opalia Recordati    EUSA      Total
                                            S.p.A.    Pharma Recordati Recordati     Rare     Recordati Ilaç A.Ş.   Pharma        AG Pharma
                                           Parent       GmbH      S.a.s.    S.L. Diseases         s.r.o.               S.A.           (UK) Ltd.
                                        Company                                    S.à r.l.
INNOVA PHARMA S.P.A.                      100.00                                                                                                  100.00
CASEN RECORDATI S.L.                      100.00                                                                                                  100.00
BOUCHARA RECORDATI S.A.S.                 100.00                                                                                                  100.00
RECORDATI RARE DISEASES COMERCIO DE       100.00                                                                                                  100.00
MEDICAMENTOS LTDA
RECORDATI RARE DISEASES INC.               100.00                                                                                                 100.00
RECORDATI IRELAND LTD                      100.00                                                                                                 100.00
LABORATOIRES BOUCHARA RECORDATI                                   100.00                                                                          100.00
S.A.S.
RECORDATI PHARMA GmbH                       55.00                           45.00                                                                 100.00
RECORDATI PHARMACEUTICALS LTD              100.00                                                                                                 100.00
RECORDATI HELLAS PHARMACEUTICALS           100.00                                                                                                 100.00
S.A.
JABA RECORDATI S.A.                                                        100.00                                                                 100.00
JABAFARMA PRODUTOS FARMACÊUTICOS                                           100.00                                                                 100.00
S.A.
BONAFARMA PRODUTOS                                                         100.00                                                                 100.00
FARMACÊUTICOS S.A.
RECORDATI RARE DISEASES MIDDLE EAST                                                  100.00                                                       100.00
FZ LLC
RECORDATI AB                                                                         100.00                                                       100.00
RECORDATI RARE DISEASES                     84.00       16.00                                                                                     100.00
S.à r.l.
RECORDATI RARE DISEASES UK Limited                                                   100.00                                                       100.00
RECORDATI RARE DISEASES GERMANY                                                      100.00                                                       100.00
GmbH
RECORDATI RARE DISEASES SPAIN S.L.                                                   100.00                                                       100.00
RECORDATI RARE DISEASES ITALY S.R.L.                                                 100.00                                                       100.00
RECORDATI BV                                                                         100.00                                                       100.00
FIC MEDICAL S.à r.l.                                              100.00                                                                          100.00
HERBACOS RECORDATI s.r.o.                  100.00                                                                                                 100.00
RECORDATI SK s.r.o.                                                                             100.00                                            100.00
RUSFIC LLC                                                        100.00                                                                          100.00
RECOFARMA ILAÇ Ve Hammaddeleri                                                                            100.00                                  100.00
Sanayi Ve Ticaret L.Ş.
RECORDATI ROMÂNIA S.R.L.                   100.00                                                                                                 100.00
RECORDATI İLAÇ Sanayi Ve Ticaret A.Ş.                                      100.00                                                                 100.00
RECORDATI POLSKA                           100.00                                                                                                 100.00
Sp. z o.o
ACCENT LLC                                 100.00                                                                                                 100.00
RECORDATI UKRAINE LLC                        0.01                  99.99                                                                          100.00
CASEN RECORDATI PORTUGAL Unipessoal                                        100.00                                                                 100.00
Lda
OPALIA PHARMA S.A.                          90.00                                                                                                  90.00
OPALIA RECORDATI S.à R.L.                                           1.00                                              99.00                       100.00
RECORDATI RARE DISEASES S.A. DE C.V.       99.998                                     0.002                                                       100.00
RECORDATI RARE DISEASES COLOMBIA                                           100.00                                                                 100.00
S.A.S.
ITALCHIMICI S.p.A.                         100.00                                                                                                 100.00
RECORDATI AG                               100.00                                                                                                 100.00
RECORDATI AUSTRIA GmbH                                                                                                        100.00              100.00
RECORDATI RARE DISEASES CANADA Inc.        100.00                                                                                                 100.00
RECORDATI RARE DISEASES JAPAN K.K.                                                   100.00                                                       100.00
NATURAL POINT S.r.l.                       100.00                                                                                                 100.00
RECORDATI RARE DISEASES AUSTRALIA Pty                                                100.00                                                       100.00
Ltd
TONIPHARM S.a.s.                           100.00                                                                                                 100.00
RECORDATI BULGARIA Ltd                     100.00                                                                                                 100.00
RECORDATI (BEIJING) PHARMACEUTICAL         100.00                                                                                                 100.00
CO., Ltd (1)
RECORDATI RARE DISEASES FZCO (1)                                                     100.00                                                       100.00
EUSA Pharma (UK) Limited (2)               100.00                                                                                                 100.00
RECORDATI Netherlands B.V. (2)                                                                                                          100.00    100.00
EUSA Pharma (Denmark) ApS (2)                                                                                                           100.00    100.00
EUSA Pharma (CH) GmbH (2)                                                                                                               100.00    100.00
RECORDATI KOREA, Co. Ltd (2)                                                                                                            100.00    100.00
(1)
      Set up in 2022
(2)
      Acquired in 2022




                                                                                                                                                   148
                                                                   CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2023




RECORDATI S.P.A. AND SUBSIDIARIES
ANNEX 1

DISCLOSURE OF AUDITORS’ FEES FOR ACCOUNTING AUDITS AND OTHER
SERVICES

Type of service                         Entity providing the service           Recipient                   Fees
                                                                                                    Amounts in €

Accounting Auditing                     Auditor of the Parent Company          Parent Company               241,748
Accounting Auditing                     Auditor of the Parent Company          Subsidiaries                 236,630
Accounting Auditing                     Network of the auditor of the Parent   Subsidiaries                 733,466
                                        Company
Tax compliance                          Network of the auditor of the Parent   Subsidiaries                  47,363
                                        Company
Signing declarations and certificates   Auditor of the Parent Company          Parent Company                39,970
Signing declarations and certificates   Auditor of the Parent Company          Subsidiaries                   3,703
Signing declarations and certificates   Network of the auditor of the Parent   Subsidiaries                 180,554
                                        Company
Other services                          Network of the auditor of the Parent   Subsidiaries                  30,790
                                        Company




                                                                                                             149
                                                               CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2023




RECORDATI S.P.A. AND SUBSIDIARIES
CERTIFICATION OF THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
PURSUANT TO ART. 154-BIS OF ITALIAN LGS. DECREE 58/98

1.
I, the undersigned, Robert Koremans, as the Chief Executive Officer, and Luigi La Corte, as Financial Reporting
Manager of Recordati S.p.A., pursuant to the provisions or Article 154‐bis, paragraphs 3 and 4, of Italian
Legislative Decree no. 58 of 24 February 1998, hereby certify:
 the adequacy with respect to the Company structure and
 the effective application
of the administrative and accounting procedures applied in the preparation of the consolidated financial
statements during financial year 2023.


2.
The undersigned certify further that:


2.1
the consolidated financial statements at 31 December 2023:
 have been prepared in accordance with the applicable International Accounting Standards, as endorsed
  by the European Union under the terms of Regulation (EC) no. 1606/2002 of the European Parliament
  and of the Council, of 19 July 2002;
 correspond to the amounts shown in the Company’s accounts, books and records;
 provide a fair and correct representation of the financial conditions, results of operations and cash flows
  of the Company and its consolidated subsidiaries.


2.2
The annual report includes a reliable operating and financial review of the Company and of the Group as well
as a description of the main risks and uncertainties to which they are exposed.

Milan, 19 March 2024




Chief Executive Officer                                The Financial Reporting Manager
ROBERT KOREMANS                                        LUIGI LA CORTE




                                                                                                           150
Recordati Industria Chimica e
Farmaceutica S.p.A.
Consolidated financial statements as at 31 December 2023

Independent auditor’s report pursuant to article 14 of
Legislative Decree n. 39, dated 27 January 2010, and article
10 of EU Regulation n. 537/2014
                                        EY S.p.A.                                      Tel: +39 02 722121
                                        Via Meravigli, 12                              Fax: +39 02 722122037
                                        20123 Milano                                   ey.com




Independent auditor’s report pursuant to article 14 of Legislative
Decree n. 39, dated 27 January 2010 and article 10 of EU Regulation
n. 537/2014
(Translation from the original Italian text)

To the Shareholders of
Recordati Industria Chimica e Farmaceutica S.p.A.


Report on the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements
Opinion
We have audited the consolidated financial statements of Recordati Group (the Group), which
comprise the consolidated statement of financial position as at 31 December 2023, and the
consolidated statement of income, the consolidated statement of comprehensive income,
consolidated statement of changes in equity and consolidated statement of cash flows for the year
then ended, and notes to the consolidated financial statements, including material accounting policy
information.

In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements give a true and fair view of the financial position
of the Group as at 31 December 2023, and of its financial performance and its cash flows for the year
then ended in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards as adopted by the
European Union and with the regulations issued for implementing art. 9 of Legislative Decree n.
38/2005.

Basis for Opinion
We conducted our audit in accordance with International Standards on Auditing (ISA Italia). Our
responsibilities under those standards are further described in the Auditor’s Responsibilities for the
Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements section of our report. We are independent of the
Recordati Industria Chimica e Farmaceutica S.p.A. in accordance with the regulations and standards
on ethics and independence applicable to audits of financial statements under Italian Laws. We believe
that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our
opinion.

Key Audit Matters
Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgment, were of most significance in
our audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period. These matters were
addressed in the context of our audit of the consolidated financial statements as a whole, and in
forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate opinion on these matters.




EY S.p.A.
Sede Legale: Via Meravigli, 12 – 20123 Milano
Sede Secondaria: Via Lombardia, 31 – 00187 Roma
Capitale Sociale Euro 2.600.000,00 i.v.
Iscritta alla S.O. del Registro delle Imprese presso la CCIAA di Milano Monza Brianza Lodi
Codice fiscale e numero di iscrizione 00434000584 - numero R.E.A. di Milano 606158 - P.IVA 00891231003
Iscritta al Registro Revisori Legali al n. 70945 Pubblicato sulla G.U. Suppl. 13 - IV Serie Speciale del 17/2/1998

A member firm of Ernst & Young Global Limited
We identified the following key audit matters:

 Key Audit Matter                                    Audit Response
 Recoverability of goodwill

 The goodwill recognized in the consolidated         Our audit procedures related to the key audit
 financial statements of Recordati Group as of 31    matter included, among the others:
 December 2023 amounts to Euro 778 million.          i.      the analysis of the procedure adopted
 The goodwill originates from acquisitions made              by the Company and of the
 by the Group and it has been allocated to the               methodology applied in connection with
 individual Cash Generating Unit (CGU) identified            the valuation of goodwill, taking into
 on the basis of the business segments and the               account the impairment test procedure
 markets where acquired companies operate.                   approved by the Board of Directors of
                                                             the parent company on February 22,
 At each financial statements date, or more                  2024;
 frequently if needed, the directors verify the      ii.     the evaluation of the methodology used
 recoverability of goodwill by comparing the                 for the identification of the CGUs and
 carrying amount with the related value in use of            the allocation of assets and liabilities to
 each CGU, determined discounting the expected               the individual CGUs;
 cash flows. The processes as well as the            iii.    the analysis of the impairment test
 methods of evaluation and calculation of the                approved by the Board of Directors of
 recoverable amount of each CGU, in terms of                 the parent company, including the
 value in use, are based on assumptions,                     analysis of the reasonableness of the
 sometimes complex, which imply, by their                    expected cash flows;
 nature, estimates by the directors, especially      iv.     the assessment of the quality of
 with regard to the forecast of future cash flows,           forecasts as compared to the historical
 the determination of the discount rates and                 accuracy of the previous forecasts;
 growth rates adopted beyond the period with         v.      the sensitivity analysis on key
 explicit forecasts.                                         assumptions in order to identify the
                                                             changes in assumptions that could have
 Considering the significance of the item, the               a significant impact on the valuation of
 judgment requested and the complexity of the                the recoverable amount.
 assumptions adopted in the estimation of the
 recoverable amount of goodwill, we assessed         Our procedures were performed with the
 this matter as a key audit matter.                  support of our experts in valuation techniques,
                                                     who analyzed the valuation methodologies
 Financial statements disclosures related to this    adopted, verified the mathematical accuracy of
 matter are reported in the note "2. Summary of      the calculation models and evaluated the
 accounting standards" and in particular in the      criteria adopted to determine the discount rates
 note "9. Goodwill”, which describes the             and growth rates applied beyond the period with
 composition of the balance as of 31 December        explicit forecasts.
 2023, as well as the allocation process to the
 various CGUs and the methodology applied to         Finally, we analyzed the disclosures provided in
 assess the recoverable amount of assets, with       the consolidated financial statements of
 specific reference to the valuation methodology     Recordati Group as of 31 December 2023.
 and the assumptions used.




2
Responsibilities of Directors and Those Charged with Governance for the
Consolidated Financial Statements
The Directors are responsible for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements that give a
true and fair view in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards as adopted by the
European Union and with the regulations issued for implementing art. 9 of Legislative Decree n.
38/2005, and, within the terms provided by the law, for such internal control as they determine is
necessary to enable the preparation of financial statements that are free from material misstatement,
whether due to fraud or error.

The Directors are responsible for assessing the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern and,
when preparing the consolidated financial statements, for the appropriateness of the going concern
assumption, and for appropriate disclosure thereof. The Directors prepare the consolidated financial
statements on a going concern basis unless they either intend to liquidate the the Parent Company
Recordati Industria Chimica e Farmaceutica S.p.A. or to cease operations, or have no realistic
alternative but to do so.

The statutory audit committee (“Collegio Sindacale”) is responsible, within the terms provided by the
law, for overseeing the Group’s financial reporting process.

Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial
statements as a whole are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to
issue an auditor’s report that includes our opinion. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance,
but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with International Standards on Auditing
(ISA Italia) will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from
fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in aggregate, they could reasonably be
expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these consolidated
financial statements.

As part of an audit in accordance with International Standards on Auditing (ISA Italia), we have
exercised professional judgment and maintained professional skepticism throughout the audit. In
addition:
     we have identified and assessed the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated
        financial statements, whether due to fraud or error, designed and performed audit procedures
        responsive to those risks, and obtained audit evidence that is sufficient and appropriate to
        provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting
        from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery,
        intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal control;
     we have obtained an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design
        audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of
        expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Group’s internal control;
     we have evaluated the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of
        accounting estimates and related disclosures made by the Directors;
     we have concluded on the appropriateness of Directors’ use of the going concern basis of
        accounting and, based on the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists
        related to events or conditions that may cast significant doubt on the Group’s ability to
        continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are required
        to draw attention in our auditor’s report to the related disclosures in the financial statements
        or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to consider this matter in forming our opinion. Our




3
        conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our auditor’s report.
        However, future events or conditions may cause the Group to cease to continue as a going
        concern;
       we have evaluated the overall presentation, structure and content of the consolidated
        financial statements, including the disclosures, and whether the consolidated financial
        statements represent the underlying transactions and events in a manner that achieves fair
        presentation;
       we have obtained sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of
        the entities within the Group to express an opinion on the consolidated financial statements.
        We are responsible for the direction, supervision and performance of the group audit. We
        remain solely responsible for our audit opinion.

We have communicated with those charged with governance, identified at an appropriate level as
required by ISA Italia, regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of the audit and
significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify
during our audit.

We have provided those charged with governance with a statement that we have complied with the
ethical and independence requirements applicable in Italy, and we have communicated them all
matters that may reasonably be thought to bear on our independence, and where applicable, the
actions taken to eliminate relevant risks or the safeguard measures applied.

From the matters communicated with those charged with governance, we have determined those
matters that were of most significance in the audit of the financial statements of the current period
and are therefore the key audit matters. We have described these matters in our auditor’s report.

Additional information pursuant to article 10 of EU Regulation n. 537/14
The shareholders of Recordati Industria Chimica e Farmaceutica S.p.A., in the general meeting held on
29 April 2020, engaged us to perform the audits of the consolidated financial statements for each of
the years ending 31 December 2020 to 31 December 2028.

We declare that we have not provided prohibited non-audit services, referred to article 5, par. 1, of EU
Regulation n. 537/2014, and that we have remained independent of the Group in conducting the
audit.

We confirm that the opinion on the consolidated financial statements included in this report is
consistent with the content of the additional report to the audit committee (Collegio Sindacale) in
their capacity as audit committee, prepared pursuant to article 11 of the EU Regulation n. 537/2014.


Report on compliance with other legal and regulatory requirements
Opinion on the compliance with Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/815
The Directors of Recordati Industria Chimica e Farmaceutica S.p.A. are responsible for applying the
provisions of the European Commission Delegated Regulations (EU) 2019/815 for the regulatory
technical standards on the specification of a single electronic reporting format (ESEF – European
Single Electronic Format) (the “Delegated Regulation”) to the consolidated financial statements, to be
included in the annual financial report.




4
We have performed the procedures under the auditing standard SA Italia n. 700B, in order to express
an opinion on the compliance of the consolidated financial statements as at 31 December 2023 with
the provisions of the Delegated Regulation.

In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements as at 31 December 2023 have been prepared in
the XHTML format and have been marked-up, in all material aspects, in compliance with the
provisions of the Delegated Regulation.

Due to certain technical limitations, some information included in the illustrative notes to the
consolidated financial statements when extracted from the XHTML format to an XBRL instance may
not be reproduced in an identical manner with respect to the corresponding information presented in
the consolidated financial statements in XHTML format.

Opinion pursuant to article 14, paragraph 2, subparagraph e), of Legislative
Decree n. 39 dated 27 January 2010 and of article 123-bis, paragraph 4, of
Legislative Decree n. 58, dated 24 February 1998
The Directors of Recordati Industria Chimica e Farmaceutica S.p.A. are responsible for the preparation
of the Report on Operations and of the Report on Corporate Governance and Ownership Structure of
Group Recordati as at 31 December 2023, including their consistency with the related consolidated
financial statements and their compliance with the applicable laws and regulations.

We have performed the procedures required under audit standard SA Italia n. 720B, in order to
express an opinion on the consistency of the Report on Operations and of specific information
included in the Report on Corporate Governance and Ownership Structure as provided for by article
123-bis, paragraph 4, of Legislative Decree n. 58, dated 24 February 1998, with the consolidated
financial statements of Recordati Group as at 31 December 2023 and on their compliance with the
applicable laws and regulations, and in order to assess whether they contain material misstatements.

In our opinion, the Report on Operations and the above-mentioned specific information included in
the Report on Corporate Governance and Ownership Structure are consistent with the consolidated
financial statements of Recordati Group as at 31 December 2023 and comply with the applicable laws
and regulations.

With reference to the statement required by art. 14, paragraph 2, subparagraph e), of Legislative
Decree n. 39, dated 27 January 2010, based on our knowledge and understanding of the entity and
its environment obtained through our audit, we have no matters to report.

Statement pursuant to article 4 of Consob Regulation implementing Legislative
Decree n. 254, dated 30 December 2016
The Directors of Recordati Industria Chimica e Farmaceutica S.p.A. are responsible for the preparation
of the non-financial information pursuant to Legislative Decree n. 254, dated 30 December 2016. We
have verified that non-financial information has been approved by Directors.




5
Pursuant to article 3, paragraph 10, of Legislative Decree n. 254, dated 30 December 2016, such
non-financial information is subject to a separate compliance report signed by us.


Milan, 28 March 2024

EY S.p.A.
Signed by: Renato Macchi, Auditor


This independent auditor’s report has been translated into the English language solely for the
convenience of international readers. Accordingly, only the original text in Italian language is
authoritative.




6
